[{"Movie":"He's Just Not That Into You","Title":"What Matters","Author":"driver picks the music","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5517356","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She was late. Not wanting to ruin their chances for the interview, Gigi hurried home to her place, hoping to get there before it was to late. When she finially got there, the door was open, for the camara crew, and just as she was about to walk through it, she heard his voice, and she paused. She couldn't help it, the smile that spread over her face from the sound of his voice, it was crazy how much she loved this man. Of course, she was trying to play it cool with him, not wanting to scar him off, so she hadn't told him yet. She sighed, and was turning to walk inside when she caught what he was saying \"You want to start without her?\" She heard the interviewer say yes \"There's some one on one stuff we can go over before she gets here if you want to.\" she looked through the crack of the door and saw Alex shrug \"Sure, that would be fine.\" he said. Gigi smiled, and stayed where she was, wondering what they would talk about without her. The interviewed, a man named Thomas Ackles, cleared his throat as the camara man adjusted the focus \"How long have you been with Gigi?\" Alex smiled \"We've been together for two months, but we were friends for awhile before.\" Gigi smiled as she watched him, before motioning to a crew member to keep quiet about her being there \"Have you ever fallen in love before?\" Gigi watched as Alex looked thoughtful, before a small smile spread across his face and he nodded \"Yeah, I have.\" \"When?\" Alex looked toward the door, and saw her standing outside it, and he smiled again \"A little over two months ago.\" He said as she walked into his apartment. He held his arm out and she sat down beside him and he pulled her into his side \"And this is her, I genuienly love this women.\" Gig smiled as he leaned over and kissed the side of her head, and then in true Gigi fashion, she rambled on about some party and a girl he knows. But it didn't matter what she said, what mattered was the arm around her shoulders, and the hand that was conected to that arm, and the thumb that was conected to the hand that drew little circles on her arm. Alex. He was what mattered, not any of the stupid things from before, just him. Right now, in this moment. Later that night, after dinner, they went back to his place, and were getting into bed, when she stopped him as they walked into the bedroom \"I love you.\" she said. Alex smiled a little \"I know.\" Gigi frowned \"But I've never said it before.\" Alex shrugged \"I know.\" Gigi frowned again \"I don't get it.\" she said, and he smiled again \"You don't always have to say something to get the point across. I know you love me, because you've waited this long to say it.\" Gigi nodded and smiled a little \"Ok, now I get it.\" she said. Alex walked towards her and stopped infront of her. Giving her a small smile he reached up and placed a hand aginst the back of her neck, his long fingers slipping into her hair \"I love you Gigi, and if that doesn't get the point across, maybe this will.\" He said, as he leaned down and covered her lips with his own. And once again, she was thankful that Janean hadn't picked up the phone that night to stop her from going to the City Super Clube. How different her life would be without Alex. As she sliped into bed beside him, she smiled, knowing that they would fight, and argue and laugh and love and have drama and fun, and she also knew, that there wasn't anyone else in the world she would want to go through it all with. Alex. she smiled a little wider as he reached for her. Yeah. He was what mattered. ","Summary":" She was late. Not wanting to ruin their chances for the interview, Gigi hurried home to her place, "},{"Movie":"He's Just Not That Into You","Title":"Tú no eres mi excepción","Author":"Mafer Longbottom-Hudgens","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6657732","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tú no eres mi excepción Disclaimer: ni la película ni los personajes son míos y no lucro con esta historia. Después de que Alex básicamente me hecho de su casa al terminar la fiesta, aún y cuando recogí su casa e hice de anfitriona me largue de esta maldita ciudad porque no podía soportar ver como él seguía tan campante como antes, siempre utilizando a las mujeres a su antojo y no le remordía ni poquito la conciencia. La verdad no sé si sigue siendo tan mujeriego como antes porque llegando a casa empaque mis maletas pero conociéndolo me imaginó que así es. Ahora estoy en Londres como siempre sentada en la barra esperando a que mi príncipe azul se presente. -Hola, veo que estás sola. ¿Te puedo invitar un trago? -si…si claro- le contesté al chico más bello que había visto en mi vida: alto, rubio, con unos ojazos azules, una sonrisa de un millón de dólares y un cuerpo increíble. El bartender nos sirvió nuestros tragos, él una cerveza y a mí un Martini. -¡pero que descortés he sido! Déjame presentarme mi nombre es Caleb Christensen Hijo -¿Christensen? ¿Cómo los helados? -exacto y también como el yogurt, la crema, el queso, la tabaquería, y muchos más. -¿¡de verdad! -si de verdad- me contesto ese chico con una carcajada al ver que no creía que él pues…fuera él. -si tú eres tú debes de saber cuál es la receta del helado de vainilla, ¡es delicioso! ¡Por favor dímelo! -lo siento pero si te lo digo ahora lo más seguro es que no quieras aceptar salir conmigo mañana -si te prometo salir mañana me lo dirías ahora? -lo siento pero yo siempre cubro mis apuestas Al día siguiente salimos, y al que le seguía también durante un año y medio. Había puesto en venta mi departamento de Estados Unidos y hasta ahora se vendía, así que íbamos a regresar para que yo firmara el contrato de compra-venta, pero ahora cargaba un hermoso anillo de diamantes en mi dedo. FLASHBACK Caleb se estaba portando de lo más extraño desde hacía días y cada vez que le preguntaba que estaba pasando encontraba la manera de cambiarme el tema. Pero todo fue aún más extraño cuando me pidió que me vistiera con jeans, tennis y una t-shirt para ir a dar un \"paseo\". El \"paseo\" nos llevó 2 horas en carro y una media hora caminando a través de una colina desde no se veía absolutamente nada más que un millar de estrellas que brillaban como nunca las había visto y una hermosa luna llena. Cuál fue mi sorpresa al ver que en la cima de la colina había una mesa puesta con dos sillas, una mesa tipo buffet y un par de bocinas conectadas a un Ipod con música tranquila. -¿qué es esto? -pues esto es una sorpresa -ya lo sé sólo que no entiendo cuál es el motivo de la sorpresa -tú siéntate y deja que te atienda La velada paso tranquila con mi increíblemente rico, guapo, simpático, inteligente y amable novio, pero llegó la hora del postre y realmente había algo duro en mi waffle con helado de vainilla. -¿pasa algo?-me preguntó Caleb -hay algo en mi postre –le conteste mientras utilizaba el tenedor para palpar la cosa que estaba dentro. -déjame ver-Caleb se levantó y comenzó a examinar mi waffle-mira lo que encontré Caleb tenía entre sus dedos el mismo anillo de diamantes que ahora portaba en mi dedo. FIN DEL FLASHBACK Decidimos que yo iría primero para preparar los papeles y él me alanzaría después. Y ahí estaba yo dentro de mi primer departamento, acababa de despedir al comprador después de la firma del contrato. Me había permitido quedarme en el departamento un par de días para empacar los muebles que se habían quedado ahí antes de mi partida a Londres. De inmediato escuché que tocaban la puerta y decidí abrir sin preguntar quién era puesto que imaginaba debía ser el nuevo dueño. -¿Sr. Watson se le olvida a usted algo? -se me olvidó el corazón, tú te lo quedaste Cual fue mi sorpresa al ver a Alex de nuevo, seguía igual a como lo recordaba sólo que más acabado. -¡Alex!- mi sorpresa no se podía ocultar -Gigi yo lo siento, me he arrepentido durante este año y medio de cómo te traté, perdóname. -Alex, yo ya te perdoné.-y era cierto lo que decía, desde hacía mucho tiempo yo ya lo había perdonado. Alex se acercaba cada vez más pero yo lo tuve que detener. -Gigi, durante todo este tiempo he pasado por este lugar cientos de veces con la esperanza de verte, me he quedado hasta muy tarde todas las noches en la barra esperando que aparezcas, siempre tengo encendido mi celular por si me llegaras a llamar, y me he convertido en… -en mí Alex, te has convertido en mí -mmm…si -sabes- le dije alejándome en reacción automática de él- alguien muy sabio me dijo una vez que si un hombre quiere estar con una mujer él hará lo que sea para estar con ella. -así es -pero cada vez que acercaba mi cuerpo al tuyo tú te alejabas. -es cierto pero entiéndeme estaba tan acostumbrado a no dejar que nadie se metiera en mi corazón que cuando tú apareciste no supe cómo reaccionar. -Sabes, lo que me decías era verdad lo que necesitaba era alejarme del drama, tener una vida estable y quitarme de la cabeza todas esas historias de chicas donde el sapo se convierte en príncipe. Debía de buscar a un hombre que cumpliera lo que promete, que no tema mostrar sus sentimientos y que no me trate como basura. -yo puedo ser ese chico-me respondió Alex a la vez que se acercaba peligrosamente a mi cuerpo. Y me besó, y no sentí absolutamente nada. -tú eres mi excepción- me dijo Alex al terminar el beso -pero tú no eres la mía, y lo acabo de comprobar. -¡Amor!-gritó Caleb asomándose desde la puerta de la recámara aún con la toalla enredada en la cintura.-¿quién está en la puerta? FLASHBACK -¡Amor te esperaba hasta mañana!-grité al ver bajar a mi novio, perdón prometido, del taxi del aeropuerto. -Es que ya no pude esperar más para verte- me dijo mientras me cargaba y daba vueltas en el aire al tiempo en que nos besábamos. Ya dentro del departamento Caleb se metió a bañar para relajarse después de las horas de vuelo mientras yo firmaba los papeles de compra-venta. FIN DEL FLASHBACK -Nadie cariño- le respondí -¿tienes novio?-me preguntó Alex -prometido y sabes algo, él es mi excepción. Hasta nunca Alex-le dije al tiempo que cerraba la puerta del departamento y con ella una etapa de mi vida. FIN Sé que se anuncia como un Alex/Gigi pero siempre me cayó mal el final de la película, porque después de que la trata peor que al perro Gigi decide darle otra oportunidad a Alex y creo que no se la merece. Dudas, tomatazos y sugerencias en el botón de review . Gracias por leer ","Summary":" Tú no eres mi excepción Disclaimer: ni la película ni los personajes son míos y no lucro con esta h"},{"Movie":"He's Just Not That Into You","Title":"Someone Like Him","Author":"driver picks the music","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5811829","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a very short one-shot. I hope you like it. Please let me know. Thanks for reading! Gigi watched her husband as he pushed their little girl on the swing. He looked up at her and smiled before leaning down and saying something into the little girls ear. The little girl smiled and nodded, then Alex walked towards Gigi. \"Hey.\" He said as he leaned down and kissed her cheek. She smiled \"Hi. Is she having fun?\" Gigi asked, nodding her head toward their four year old daughter Emma. Alex nodded with a smile \"Yeah, see that boy over there?\" He asked, as he sat down and pointed to a little boy of about five or six. Gigi nodded \"Yeah, what about him?\" Alex turned back to her \"She likes him. His name is Johnny and he's five years old, but he's almost six, his sister's in her class, his favorite color is blue and he was a pirate for halloween.\" Gigi laughed \"And why do you know all of this?\" Alex shrugged \"What else are we going to talk about on the swings?\" He asked with a smile. Gigi shook her head at him, and was just opening her mouth to speak, when Emma ran up to them crying \"What's wrong sweetheart?\" She asked the little girl as Alex picked her up and sat her on his lap. Emma sniffed and pointed to Johnny \"He Pushed me down. and said that my head looked like a sucker.\" Alex looked over at Johnny as he played with a few other boys, then he sighed as he turned back to Emma \"Do you know why he did that?\" Alex asked her. Gigi looked at Alex with wide eyes as the next words left his mouth \"It's because he likes you.\" \"Really?\" Emma asked as she sniffed once more. Alex nodded \"Yep, he just doesn't know how to show it any other way yet, but just wait until he gets older, it'll get better alright?\" Emma nodded \"Thank you daddy.\" She said giving him a kiss on the cheek. Alex smiled \"You're welcome Em, now go ahead and go play.\" As Emma ran off, Alex turned back to Gigi, who was still staring at him, wide eyed. \"What?\" He asked when she didn't say anything. \"How could you tell her that?\" Alex looked confused \"What do you mean?\" Gigi shook her head \"That is how it always starts, that's what my mother told me, and it's what every little girls hears at some point in their lives. It's what makes us think the crazy things that we think.\" Alex smiled and took her hand \"No, what makes you think the crazy things you think, is that you're never told anything else. You go on believing that guys are going to treat you badly, and as long as you think that, as long as that's what you expect, they will.\" He let go of her hand and wrapped an arm around her shoulders as he leaned back on the bench where they sat \"But Emma won't have that problem, she'll have us. We'll let her know that if a guy treats her badly, it means he's not the right one for her. \"We'll let her know that she deserves to be treated with respect, and that no matter what, she deserves somebody who will love her for her, just the way that she is.\" Gigi smiled and looked at her husband \"And I'll let her know that most of the things that a guy tells you, is complete and utter crap.\" Alex nodded \"Yeah, that too.\" He said and Gigi laughed. A few minutes later Alex got up and went to help Emma on the monkey bars, leaving Gigi to wonder, not for the first time, just how it was the she deserved someone like him. She smiled as she stood and walked towards her family, knowing that it didn't matter, all that matter was them, and knowing that no matter what, there were people that loved her, almost as much as she loved them. ","Summary":" This is a very short one-shot. I hope you like it. Please let me know. Thanks for reading! Gigi wat"},{"Movie":"He's Just Not That Into You","Title":"He loves Her","Author":"fstigtmsb","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10438278","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After Gigi left Alex couldn't sleep. In fact he couldn't sleep for days. He couldn't concentrate at work and he was beginning to feel sick. He was sure it was just the flu. He didn't want to believe that he had fallen for Gigi. He had though. Four days after Gigi had left in a rage that night Alex was unable to get out of bed. His head pounded and he felt nauseous. All he could think about was he wished Gigi was there to nurse him back to health and he could talk to her, tell her how sorry he was. He was sorry. Though he hadn't fully come to realize his true feelings for her. He coughed harshly that caused his chest to hurt. He couldn't miss work though, he had to be there for the meeting he had called for. He was the boss, it would be bad if he didn't show. So he dragged himself out of bed and got ready for the day. The meeting was a disaster and cancelled it early and set everyone back to work. The hostess of course knew there was something else going on. And it was her that made Alex realize that he had fallen for Gigi. That his pounding headache, sore throat and queasiness wasn't just the flu. It was love. He missed Gigi and wanted to see her. So he decided to stop by the next morning. But the next morning he felt worse, and all those feelings of love were also the flu. So he would just have to find another way when he was well. After two days in bed he decided to stop by her house with a promotional pen. And that is what he did. By the end of the night he laid in bed next to Gigi. He was utterly and totally in love with her. And he knew she felt similar. She was reserved to admit if, until after he did which was about two weeks into their relationship. They had been dating about four months when Alex decided to ask her to marry him. They were in his apartment watching a cheesy movie when he turned the volume off and stared at her. \"What's going on Alex?\" Gigi asked. \"Nothing, I just want to tell you that I love you.\" She smiled. \"I love you too.\" Alex then pulled out of his pocket a small black box and opened it. \"I know it's not much, but Gigi, will her marry me.\" He asked. Gigi went into a huge smile and tears \"Yes.\" She whispered. Alex gratefully smiled and put the ring on her finger. They then sealed the moment with a kiss. End ","Summary":" After Gigi left Alex couldn't sleep. In fact he couldn't sleep for days. He couldn't concentrate at"},{"Movie":"He's Just Not That Into You","Title":"Half Assed Joke","Author":"lye tea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5443181","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Half-Assed Joke He picks up a six-pack, swishing with liquidized amber carton of beer. He brings it to the register, already tipsy, head unable to think straight (see clear, walk a line). This was a typical night. And then, he sees her ahead of him, two customers away, arms full of that organic shit (advertised deliberately as the apropos choice for optimal health). She looked haggard—like him—hair cut differently, more angled, jagged but still long and loose flowing down the mid of her back. Ben smiled slightly. Hello, it's been a while . Long fingers, bony hands, and a rushed air of deepened mystery and no hours to waste. She handed the cashier a wad of cash and change, mixed and jingling passing from palm to palm, and left with her hands knotted and a plastic bag swinging from hip to side. \"Cash or card?\" \"Cash,\" he said and pulled out a crisp twenty dollar bill, \"Excuse me.\" Down the street, back against the glaring street lights (neon yellow for your fools' gold), Ben raced to his car. Stopped, glanced up, keys dangling awkwardly out of a jean pocket— \"Hi.\" Janine nearly drops her bags, startled, and slowly turns around. Sharp nails spike through her spine, my nerves are wrought , and this can't be real. \"Ben,\" she replied, arms crossed, not smiling, and infinitely displeased at this turn of events. \"How're you…doing?\" \"Good.\" \"Good.\" \"I'm sorry, Janine, for you know…how things turned out.\" \"Don't bother, I'm the one who wanted a divorce remember?\" \"Right.\" Long pause. Cars go in and out of the parking lot. The lights flicker and dim and reignite. And still, they wait for the other to say something—anything, just an answer would be nice . \"Do you want to get dinner sometime?\" \"Together?\" Ben scoffed. \"Well, yeah, together. We could…\" \"Have a nice life, Ben.\" She slides into her car and keys in the engine. She leaves him stranded, still asking himself what he had done wrong. ","Summary":" Half-Assed Joke He picks up a six-pack, swishing with liquidized amber carton of beer. He brings it"},{"Movie":"He's Just Not That Into You","Title":"Alex POV","Author":"blahblahblahbitcheslol","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7910090","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alex POV I was going crazy. The more time I didn't see her the more in love I became. I kept riding past her apartment over and over again until I took up the courage and decided to knock to her door. The moment I went into the building I saw Bill heading out. Then I started getting nervous. What is she wanted Bill more than me? What if she finally realized that he wasn't enough for her? These entire questions filled his mind. When he knocked on her door she opened immediately. \"Forget something?\" \"Yeah, I did.\" \"Really, what did you forget?\" He hadn't really thought of something until he remembered the first time he met her. Then he took a promotional pen out of his pocket. \"This.\" She started smiling a little, so he took that as a good sign. \"So you came all the way here at 11 a clock at night to bring me back a promotional pen?\" \"Yeah, yeah I thought I should come up with some great excuse to come over here. That's how is done is it?\" \"Sometimes.\" Then he just had an urge to tell her everything. \"Look, I can't stop thinking about you. I just drive by your place, I call and hung up. I'm turning into…\" \"Me.\" He let out a stifled chuckle. \"Yeah.\" Then she sighed and started talking. \"A wise person once told me that if a guy wants to be with a girl he will make it happen no matter what. \" \"That's true\" She continued. \"But, when I was hurling my body onto yours, you did not seem to want to make it happen.\" \"Okay… You're right. Here's the thing, you were right. I got so used to keep a safe distance from all this women, that I haven't empowered that I-I didn't know how it felt like when I actually fell for one of them. I didn't know.\" She kept quiet but just thinking. He started getting even more nervous. After a couple of silence she spoke up. \"Look, I just went out with your friend Bill and he might be just exactly what I need. No drama. He calls, he does what he says.\" \"I could do those stuff too.\" At that moment he got closer, and as he got closer he couldn't stop noticing those marvelous lips of hers. He wanted to kiss them so bad. And he just thought he couldn't hold it too long. \"But you didn't and that same wise person told me that I am the rule. That I have to stop thinking that every guy will change. I have to stop thinking that I—\" She was cut off by a passionate kiss. At first she was shocked but then she started kissing back. When they parted she continued talking. \"—the exception.\" \"You are MY exception.\" After that they kept kissing and couldn't hold back. Alex finally felt that he was truly happy, crazy and in love. ","Summary":" Alex POV I was going crazy. The more time I didn't see her the more in love I became. I kept riding"},{"Movie":"He's Just Not That Into You","Title":"This Time it was Forever","Author":"fstigtmsb","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10438302","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He was miserable, absolutely miserable. Words couldn't describe how much he missed Beth. He wished he had answered her question differently, but had he it would have been a lie. He just didn't believe in marriage. He'd seen too many marriages not last for him to believe in them. He hadn't seen Beth in a while, but Ben told him that her father had had a heart attack; he knew he had to go help out. He knew that she had to be worn out and depressed. He knew that her sisters and brother in laws probably weren't much help. He thought it best not to tell anyone he was coming cause he knew that he probably wasn't Beth's favorite person right now and her family would support that. He was glad that Beth was upstairs with her father when he got there. No one was really paying attention that he had snuck into the house. He went straight into the kitchen to unload the grocery's he brought with him. He got to work on the laundry and was working on the dishes when he heard someone come into the room. He turned around to see Beth. It felt so good to hold her again. But he tried not to read too much into it, cause he knew it was a relief hug. However when she came to the boat his heart was hopeful. And he couldn't be more over joyed that she wanted him back. He knew that she was willing to take marriage off the table. But he was unsure how long that would last. He had to make it work this time, and if that meant getting married, then so be it. The look on her face was heartwarming when she saw the ring and him down on one knee. He knew that this time they would last an eternity cause now they knew what it was to be without each other. And neither one wanted that. This time it was forever. End. ","Summary":" He was miserable, absolutely miserable. Words couldn't describe how much he missed Beth. He wished "},{"Movie":"He's Just Not That Into You","Title":"Ele não gosta de você!","Author":"L. Kiddo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5977930","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ele não gosta de você! Porque mulheres sempre procuram significado em tudo ? Se o homem da uma olhada mais demorada para uma ela já pensa \"ai que lindo ele esta afim de mim\" em quanto o homem ta pensando \"ui que bunda\" ou pode até estar pensando \"porque aquela louca ta olhando pra mim?\". Se o cara a leva pra sair então nossa, já quer algo serio, quando não é bem assim. Ele pode querendo só á levar para a cama. E também as mulheres gostam de pensar que quando um \"cara\" faz algo de ruim ou grosseiro ele gosta de nós mulheres. Isso começa dês de a infância, por exemplo, quando você ainda é uma garotinha e é ofendida por um garotinho qualquer e vai chorar para sua mãe ela te da um \"sábio\" conselho: - \"ele diz isso querida, por que gosta de você\". E isso vai acontecendo até a fase adulta, por exemplo, você sai com um cara e ele diz \"foi um prazer te conhecer\" ou \"mina tu é tão gata\" e não liga depois nem faz contato pelo MSN suas amigas falam \"Ele deve ter viajado ou \"ele deve estar ocupado\", \"ele não deve estar pronto pra uma mulher madura como você nem para um relacionamento sério\" ou elas contam mil historias de alguma amiga que estava na mesma situação que você e que deu certo. Mas se o homem não corre atrás, te ignora ou a trata mal, há uma simples explicação: Ele não gosta de você! kkk :] comentem please :] ","Summary":" Ele não gosta de você! Porque mulheres sempre procuram significado em tudo ? Se o homem da uma olha"},{"Movie":"He's Just Not That Into You","Title":"Exception","Author":"Sunday Wolf Song","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5293021","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I am officially in love with He's Just Not That Into You, and head over heels in love with Alex and Gigi. They are the most amazing pair in the universe. So to cure my long endured writer's block, I decided to write a little poem dedicated to them. Enjoy my friends. You are my exception. As Alex kisses me his words echo in my head, He wraps his arms around me, Pulling me close, close enough To feel his heart beating. His lips feel amazing, Softly caressing my own as my head spins, My heart swells and it seems as if I am soaring high above the world, And I cling to him, Like he is the only thing keeping me grounded. Although there are a million things running through my head, I feel myself getting lost in this amazing kiss, Time stands still and there is nothing in this universe But us. Nothing except us. We are the exception. So, what did you think? Review my lovelies. ","Summary":" I am officially in love with He's Just Not That Into You, and head over heels in love with Alex and"},{"Movie":"He's Just Not That Into You","Title":"An Apology","Author":"thomthom830","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5640813","Passage":"[Chapter 1] An Apology My two best friends, Connor and Mary, just got married. They've been together since, well, it's kind of hard to pinpoint. I just can't believe how perfect the two of them are together. I wish I would have seen it sooner. Connor and I had our thing…it wasn't anything spectacular. That spark I always thought I needed just wasn't there. He was relentless for a couple of years. He just really wanted to be with me and I was naïve, or just simply a bitch, and never really gave the poor guy a chance. And in the middle of my off-relationship with Connor, I met this guy. Ben. Ben was perfect for me. Or so I thought. The man was married. For a while, it wasn't a problem. He was unhappy with his wife and I was so stupid to think he would leave her for me. In what reality would that happen? Without going into great detail, Ben was an asshole. But I'm not completely innocent in this story; I was having an affair with a married man. After things went down the tube with Ben, I tried to force things with Connor. It was okay for a bit, but Connor deserved better than me. Connor and Mary got together sometime after I left for a trip to India. They had met each other through me. I introduced Connor to Mary because she sold ad space in a newspaper and Connor was trying to improve his realty business here in the Baltimore area. I don't (and can't) have a problem with them being together. Who am I in the grand scheme of the world to say \"no, don't be with the person who makes you happy\" just because I sort of dated Connor a couple of times? Those rules are ridiculous anyway. And all of this background information, all of my ranting and raving, is to lead up to the events of today. Today is Connor and Mary's wedding day. The ceremony was beautiful. Weddings don't usually affect me. I can sit through them and not bat an eye. Today, I sobbed through the whole thing as Mary's maid of honor. Now, here I am, Anna Marks, sitting alone at the wedding party's table watching the two of them dance. They look so happy. I'm going to need another drink. I stood and headed for the bar. While I was waiting, someone tapped me on the shoulder. I turned around and looked. My first thought was pure horror. I couldn't believe who it was. Ben. Married Ben. The Ben I never wanted to see again. But I needed to keep calm. \"What are you doing here?\" I asked. He looked like he didn't know how to respond for a second. \"I am a friend of a friend. Baltimore isn't that big of a city. Besides, Connor sold the house for us…for me,\" he responded. \"I liked your speech.\" \"Listen, Ben…\" \"Can we go talk somewhere? Just for a minute?\" Ben asked. I took a deep breath. I didn't really want to talk to him. But I nodded, that yes, I would listen to him. I led him out of the reception hall and we walked to the back doors of the building. We stood outside underneath the coach lamps on the back of the building. \"Um…Ben, I…\" \"I just really wanted to start out by apologizing to you,\" he said. He looked so sad, but an apology was a good way to start. But I'm a grown up, too. \"I'm sorry I kept pushing myself onto you. I…\" I said. \"Anna, I wasn't happy in my marriage, which, by the way, the divorce was just finalized, but that's beside the point. If I was a better person, I wouldn't have hurt so many people in an effort just to get out of my marriage. I hurt you, I hurt Janine,\" he said. I nodded. Everything he was saying was true. \"But I shouldn't have made myself so available to you. I should have said to myself, that I didn't want to be the 'other woman'. But I was just so, into you, that I couldn't think clearly,\" I replied. \"I left for India, spent a couple months there. Got cheated on, too. Everything had come full circle. I came home, apologized to Connor, and started to treat myself a little better. And dyed my hair dark.\" \"You do deserve more than being the other woman.\" \"I know,\" I said, smiling. \"So, do you accept my apology?\" he asked, smiling his beautiful smile. I smiled back. \"I guess,\" I said. \"But you're going to have to dance with me.\" \"Oh, the new 'me' doesn't dance,\" he laughed. \"Did the 'old' you dance?\" I asked. \"Um…\" \"Come on, if you want me to actually forgive you, you're going to have to dance with me. Okay?\" I said. So, this probably wasn't the smartest plan. I didn't know if I really wanted to get involved with Ben again, but he was finally apologizing. And he was now a single man. Maybe. \"Before anything else happens between you and I, I'm going to need to see your left hand, your divorce papers and you might have to take a lie-detector test,\" I said, laughing. Ben laughed, too, as he held the door open for me so we could go back inside. \"Well, here's my left hand.\" I inspected it. \"Hm…is that a tan line?\" I joked. \"I don't have my divorce papers on me, but if you really…\" \"I was kidding, Ben.\" \"I know,\" he said as I walked into the hallway. \"By the way, I like the dark hair,\" he said as he followed me back down the hall to the party. A/N: Okay, so it was just a little stupid fluff piece. I know what it's like to be cheated on and don't condone it under any circumstance. I just think Anna and Ben were good together. Please review. Thanks! ","Summary":" An Apology My two best friends, Connor and Mary, just got married. They've been together since, wel"},{"Movie":"He's Just Not That Into You","Title":"His Exception & Her Candor","Author":"AdriDee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5413427","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CHAPTER : \" Can't Take My Eyes Off of You\" Movie : Post-\"He's Just Not That Into You\" Pairing : Alex & Gigi Note: Alright, so this is just a one-shot. I wrote it some time ago, but didn't post it up cuz there was no HJNTIY category in fan fiction. Now there is! Yay!!! ^_^ DISCLAIMER: So, I do NOT own HJNTIY! I wish I did though because I would have put more A&G; time. Not that I'm really complaining because they really DID give enough A&G; time! Yay writers! ^_^ -------- Her hair was a brighter red when the sun touched it. Her skin almost sparkled under this light. Her smile, if it was at all possible, only flourished more while she slept. Her sweet, pink lips parted a bit. Every once in a while, she would nub it. She snorted a little while she tossed and turned. And if he dared moved an inch away from her, her fingers would clutch his arm tighter, holding him to her. He noticed all of these things about her as she slept on his side. It amazed him how much more he found out about her with every minute he spent with her. And it was shocking how those little details just made him like her even more. How it made him lay there to continue to explore her. How much more he craved to learn about her. It was as if he could not get enough. And something told him that he would never get enough. She was like the 8th World Wonder. In his many years of being a bachelor, he had come across many girls like her--but not quite like her. He had his fair share of flings with clingy girls--like her. He would rudely dump girls that would call him right after the first date--like her. Hell, he hated it when girls even asked for his number! He detested it when women would come to a conclusion about a guy that fit their needs--like her. And it annoyed him when girls just laughed and giggled too much--like her. However, as much as she was the girl that he had sworn never to have a relationship with, she was very much the woman he wanted to last with. She was unlike any other woman he had ever met. Her hugs felt natural--unlik other women. He looked forward to her phone calls--unlike his past dates. Hell, he offered his phone number to her right before she left the club that first night he met her! The conclusion she had about who he was as a person was right on the money--unlike the women he had previously dated. And he loved to hear her laughter every time he stole a glance of her. She was not at all like any other girl he had ruled out. She was not at all his rule. A strand of her hair fell across her face as she tossed once again in her sleep. With the lightest of all touches, he pulled it back behind her ear, caressing her cheek as he did so. She let out a sigh of bliss and snuggled closer to him. He closed his eyes and breathed in her scent for the 100th time that night. He loved her floral smell, mixed with wild cherry. It just fit her so perfectly, this smell. She was sweet, charming, and beautiful, but carried something wild about her. He loved it. Wouldn't have it any other way. And just as he was starting to stare at her again and start analyzing the rest of her body, she began to stir again. He laid perfectly still, not wanting to break her from her deep sleep. She looked so peaceful and he did not want to destroy it. However, she continued to stir and clung onto him tighter, as if wanting to make sure he wasn't going anywhere. He wanted to speak up and let her know that leaving her right now was the furthest thing from him mind. But he kept quiet. And then, her green eyes began to flutter open. They tried to adjust to the light. And less than a minute later, she was able to fully see. He looked down at her, not saying a word. He just smiled. Once she got a glimpse of his face, she turned her full attention to him and gave him a smile of her own. \"Hi,\" she said shyly and gave a small giggle. He couldn't help but chuckle as well. \"Good morning.\" She bit her lower lip. \"Mmmm…\" She snuggled closer. \"Good it is.\" He rubbed her back. \"Have a good sleep?\" \"It was the best.\" She nuzzled her nose across his chest. He grinned as his heart grew warm. How in the world did this woman have this sort of affect on him? How could he possibly allow himself to act this way with her? Not 12 hours ago he had just confessed his feelings for her and she to him. He was sure they were now in a relationship and it baffled him. He looked down at her and found her smiling up at him, noticing her eyes getting greener. And then, he realized something that was even more shocking as he stared down at her all-too-perfect face: I love her . And instead of this frightening him, he couldn't help but feel warmth throughout his body. He must have had a weird look on his face for she was frowning now. \"What is it?\" she asked sweetly. Instead of answering her, he leaned in and placed his lips over hers. He wanted to tell her, but felt it probably might scare her off. And that was the last thing he wanted to do. He wanted her near him, right beside him…forever. She forgot her question and pushed her body closer to his, crushing her lips against his during the process. She reached up and dug her fingers in his hair, allowing the kiss to take her where she had never been before. A place where she was wanted…desired…and dare she say it? …a place where she felt truly cared for…almost... LOVED . ------------- NOTE : I MAY continue with this, but I'm not making any promises. I still have another story I have to finish up and school has started. But reviews are MORE than welcome!!! If I continue, there won't be much chapters. Less than five, more than likely. ","Summary":" CHAPTER : \" Can't Take My Eyes Off of You\" Movie : Post-\"He's Just Not That Into You\" Pairing :"},{"Movie":"He's Just Not That Into You","Title":"Poor Miserable Soul","Author":"Polluting My Soul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5260448","Passage":"[Chapter 1] *Disclaimer: In no way am I affiliated with He's Just Not That Into You. I mean really. If you were dumb enough to think I was...you're probably gullible enough to believe I own a piece of Jupiter, too. In reality, the truth is that I don't. Actually, it's the moon. ;) I've decided that it's going to be fun to use this account to explore different fandoms - to branch out. Anyhow, I hope you enjoy this. If you alert/favorite, I'm going to hope that you review. Alerts and favorites are indications of liking my work. Spare me a line if you enjoy? Thanks everyone. -PMS When you're a little kid, and I do mean little, you're taught some pretty basic principles. Finger painting your walls is a no-no. Not eating your dinner means no ice cream for dessert. Brushing your teeth is mandatory, not optional. There is a reason for making your bed in the morning; it's just that no one knows what it is. These are all things you learn from older, wiser folks you generally refer to as mommy and daddy. And then there are the things you're not taught - the things you simply do not understand. Most little kids can't help but question these things. Why aren't you allowed to ask fat ladies how much they weigh? Why is it okay for daddy to say no-no words? Why does Timothy Anderson pick on me, and why are you smiling? As little kids with incurably curious minds, we are left to make of the world what we will. We daydream about shooting off into space. We picture alternate versions of ourselves - as ballerinas, dancers, singers, actresses. We dream of fancy weddings, strong kind handsome princes, and prosperous lives. When you're five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, you don't realize that Disney's happy endings are digitalized make-believe. Pretend. Trite. Over-rated. You simply smile and say, \"Again! Again! Please, mommy!?\" It's our ideal. It's our dream. There are no little girls in the world who don't want to be Princesses. All of them, any little girl, wants to ride off with her white knight, basking in the horizon. Personally, I think the Disney executives should be sued for a sizable amount of money. Every shattered girl deserves a dollar for the heartache Disney set us up for. As children we were taught that dreams come true if you just believe . Well. I believed. And look at me now. I keep putting myself out there. I keep doing all of the wrong things. Babbling too much. Asking all the wrong questions. Moving too fast. I've purchased every self-help guide I could lay my eyes on, and nothing has helped cure my awkward tendencies. Snatching a great guy has proven too hard for Hopeless Gigi. And keeping a guy has proved even harder. Maybe I'm not meant to have what my heroines - Cinderella, Snow White, Rapunzel, Briar Rose - got. Maybe I'm simply doomed to an eternity alone. Or maybe I'm simply feeling sorry for myself. Surely there's someone out there for Gigi. Someone who can wash away my insecurities. Someone who will realize that I'm not confident or sultry. That I'm just Gigi. Awkward and jittery. I guess, in some ways at least, life is like a fairy tale. Everyone gets the 'once upon a time'. But not everyone gets the happily ever after. It's sad, it's morbid, and I hate admitting it, but maybe that's the real truth right there. Maybe some of us are simply doomed. We're not meant for love. We're destined for nine cats and heart problems. There's no such thing as The One. There's no such thing as and then they all lived happily ever after. There's simply once upon a time and The End. ","Summary":" *Disclaimer: In no way am I affiliated with He's Just Not That Into You. I mean really. If you were"},{"Movie":"Joseph: King of Dreams","Title":"Dreams Blessed and Cursed","Author":"Hathor-Aroha","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10982729","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dreams Blessed and Cursed Blessed I My father and mother always told me I had the gift of seeing the future through dreams since my birth. I don't remember my first dream, or when I first understood how profound a gift from God really is. When I was small, I didn't understand the complex and vast intricacies of my vivid, lucid dreams. When I woke up, I would lay there, eyes still closed, for a few more moments, just to cling on to the last fading vestiges of slumber's vibrant colours. Brilliant reds like the sky at dawn or dusk; vibrant yellows, browns, and oranges like the desert with its forever shifting faces. Greens so deep in hues that they could never be replicated in nature. I cannot know if this extra vibrancy in colour is in part due to their divine origins, or if normal men knew such striking hues in their own slumber. How could I know, when all dreams I wandered through at night came from God? To explain the divine nature of my dreams to an ordinary man would be like trying to describe birdsong to someone born deaf. How could it be possible? Could even God find it impossible to explain? Perhaps, but I do not pretend to know all His ways and it would be folly to pretend to do so. For all my childhood, I was blessed by dreams more beautiful than any man or woman's slumbers. There were not yet dreams that struck fear and confusion into my heart, nor anger into my brothers'. But one day, a shadow of doubt would cast long, stretched-out silhouettes, like those cast by the sun low on the horizon, over the once-vibrant world of my sleep. Cursed I The shadows of uncertainty burst into the shapes of wolves, snarling mouths baring white, sharp teeth. The wolf—that once had been a ram—snapped at me, growling deep in its throat, eyes flashing. I tore through pristine brown fields of wheat, desperate to lose the predators in the long, stiff stalks. The sun lost itself behind black clouds, dulling the colours to mere ordinariness. I didn't care, tripping and stumbling as I sprinted with wolves snapping at my heels, hot breath on flesh. I woke yelling from the dream, hearing, before seeing, my brothers as they rushed to see what had happened. They grumbled when they—and I—saw we were all safe with no wolves to be found anywhere in the tent. Only father and mother didn't dismiss my dream—after all, they came from God. It did not mean I understood them—what was the meaning of the wolves? Why did that ram change into a fearsome predator? Even my own father did not understand, and he was closer to God than I. For the first night since I could remember, I began fearing my dreams, afraid of them turning fearsome without warning. If I could have interpreted my own dreams—which I couldn't, though I could accurately read others'—I might have known what it meant, and who the wolves and ram represented. For now, I became afraid of the unforeseen, unknown, and unpredictable, scared of my own dreams bestowed by God's own mind. Blessed II I had no need to be afraid, for the night of the self-same day, a wondrous dream revealed itself in the vibrant painted blue sky, swirling white clouds, and luscious fields of wheat. I stood still, my new robes more lurid in hue than in the waking world, with my brothers in a circle around me carrying bundles of harvest. As I observed, they all set their bundles down and began bowing before me as the bundle I stood on grew at an exponential rate, far greater than the healthiest wheat's growth. My brothers became no bigger than ants, and above me, a spectacular sight arranged itself in the heavens as stars gathered around the crescent moon, shining as bright as the sun. The arrangement of the heavens echoed the sight of my brothers bowing before me on the ground far below. I need not be afraid anymore, I soothed myself on waking up, My dreams are wondrous and full of God's magnificence again. Cursed II Maybe I should have been afraid, for the dream saw me cast down into the ground by my own brothers. Now, in the chill of the desert night, I only had the company of the silent full moon far above me, hanging wordless, sightless, and deaf in the immutable black sky. I had long ago stopped calling for my brothers, who did not return. I don't know what they were going to tell father—if they fibbed, he would be angry at them for abandoning me. If they told the truth…of course they'd never tell the truth. Why would they? Father's ire would be fair to match that of a thousand wolves. The sigh of a rope snaking down the hole caught my attention, and a flicker of anger took hold of my senses. My brothers left me shivering and abandoned for dead for literally hours , forcing me to endure the merciless heat of the sun filtering down to where I sat. Then I had to endure the freezing cold of night that bit into my bones, even despite how tightly I wrapped my torn coat around my shoulders. My coat hanging in two shreds down my back, I gripped the rope with both hands and pulled myself, arm over arm, to the top of the hole, ready to confront my brothers. When I turned to cast my anger on them, I stopped short, befuddled. It wasn't my brothers who had rescued me, who looked at me now with cold, calculating eyes. Their faces leered at me in the dark, their hands clawing and manipulating me as they discussed my \"scrawniness\". Their nails dug into the flesh of my upper arms and wrists, twisting my arms this way and that. I struggled, forcing myself from their hold, a mix of fear and indignation warring in my shaking body. Despite my bold convictions that my brothers would come to save me, my words shook, exposing my inner terror. But true to my words, my brothers did come at my shouts, and I threw myself on them, relieved at their perfect timing. Silent to my pleadings, they turned away, refusing to respond or react to my touches or their names. They never met my eyes, turning faces away as if wanting to pretend I didn't exist. \"Thirty silver pieces, as promised,\" declared a trader over a faint clink ing of what sounded like metal. My blood ran cold, colder than the desert's night, as a trader threw a pouch at my eldest brothers standing next to me. It was a pouch, the kind used for carrying silver. \" No… \" I breathed, unable to take my eyes off the pouch. Not one of my brothers moved or responded to my near-tearful pleas as the slave traders tied my wrists to a rope and dragged me away to a life of slavery. Sold into slavery—by my own brothers. No loving brother would ever sell their own blood into slavery. Now I knew who the wolves in my dream were. Blessed III I could give the butler comfort, for I knew the meaning of his dream. I could give just a single spark of hope to light a despondent cell with inhabitants who long ago lost all hope. No sooner did I overhear his dream, I understood in perfection the symbolism of the grape vines and offering succulent wine to Pharaoh. Yet, even when I revealed to the butler that Pharaoh would free him in three days, the old man's face fell into despondency, lamenting if only it were true. I assured him it was all true, every word of it, he would see. Cursed III I could only give the baker grim news, for I knew the terrible mortality inherent in his dream. The pecking birds and fallen baskets of bread told of the king's still-burning ire against the baker. The king's displeasure against the man had grown into a final determination of this prisoner's fate: in just three days, he would be decapitated on order of the king himself. Three days later, just as foretold, a guard dragged the baker away to be executed, his last words echoing in the cell long after his departure. \" It's not a gift, it's a curse! \" They were words I would not forget for a long time. My dreams and my ability to reveal dreams' meanings weren't a blessing or a curse, I knew. They were a blessing and a curse. A cursed blessing. A blessed curse. How long before I could, if ever, fully embrace my gift for what it was, both good and bad? I both loathed and cherished it. My hopes of the butler remembering me and telling Pharaoh of my gift were dashed as a day turned into a week, and the weeks into three years. For the next three long years, I was forgotten to everyone, even the butler. He too had forgotten me all together, but at least he was free, unlike me. At least he was alive, unlike that poor baker. Will I ever be free? One day, when I believed all hope of release lost, Potiphar opened the cell door, announcing he had been commanded to take me to the palace before Pharaoh. Potiphar explained the king's butler had remembered I possessed the gift of interpreting dreams, as lately the Pharaoh's slumber had been disturbed by unsettling imagery. Imagery that not even the wisest of Pharaoh's magicians and dream interpreters could explain. Their final hope rested in a Canaanite slave locked away, forgotten in a cell for three years. Blessed IV As with the unfortunate baker and fortunate butler, I knew at once what Pharaoh's dreams—both identical in meaning—foretold for Egypt. Seven years of abundance and plenty to be followed by seven years of unyielding famine without a single healthy stalk of wheat to be seen. Thanks to father's scholarly teachings, I knew how to assure the king's worries at once with recommendations on properly preparing for the famine. But it was the final assurance of Potiphar's trust in me that finally assured the king that Egypt's fate was in safe hands. And it was in these seven years of bounty I became Pharaoh's vizier, married Asenath, and became a father to two sons, both healthy and bright. Each day held joy, so long as my new family was there. These years were perfect in contentment and daily delight. Egypt could rest assured in knowing the looming seven years of famine would be that much easier for the stored grain in grain stores would see us all through to its end. When the famines began their scourge all through the land of Egypt, each day was still a little easier for the presence of Asenath and our two sons, and our years of preparations in advance during the time of bounty. What I did not see, even in the most elaborate of dreams, that one day a half-forgotten dream from over ten years ago would at last reveal its meaning. Blessed II.I Like the sheaths of wheat in that half-forgotten dream, my eleven—no, twelve—brothers bowed to the floor in my presence. I had risen, as I had on my sheath of wheat—far above them in status and power. With Pharaoh's backing, I could order their execution or imprisonment. I could command them banished from Egypt, forbidden to receive a portion of surplus wheat. With the final approval of Pharaoh, I could use my power to do whatever I wished with the brothers who had sold me into slavery. But I didn't—not until I knew that they truly regretted their actions. Looking at Benjamin, I knew at once that he had not known a day of work in his life, except for looking at scrolls all day while his kin were covered in sweat. Would they allow him to be thrown into slavery, since he was the favourite one? Father had clearly used Benjamin to try and…replace me in a way. According to Benjamin, his mother— our mother—had died giving birth to him, and it was she who would reason with father when he went too far with his insistence that I be protected or within his sight at all times. Surely his brothers would revile him for being the favourite, as they had done to me. So when no one was looking, I slipped my golden cup into his sack of grain, intending on testing just how much his brothers had changed— if they had changed at all. The following morning, an outcry arose from the entrance chamber as the brothers were escorted inside by guards, all protesting in a multitude of voices. On hearing their raised words, I revealed myself, speaking with cold tones, demanding to know who stole my precious golden cup. Their surprised, protesting reactions seemed sincere enough, but I wasn't convinced—not yet. Glaring into their eyes as I tore their bags open with my dagger, I made my way deliberately from brother to brother, until I reached Benjamin. \"Benjamin,\" I growled, \"the favourite one.\" A forward stab and a jerk downwards with my knife ripped the thin fabric, grain spilling out until my golden cup exposed itself and rolled out onto the polished floor. Gasps rose from several of the brothers, including Benjamin. He staggered back a step, eyes wide with horror and confusion. \"I—I didn't take it!\" I whirled to address a guard. \"Take him.\" On command, the guards rushed to Benjamin and grabbed him by the upper arms, pulling him back behind crossed spears. \"No!\" Several brothers leaped forward, but the guards levelled the spears, threats in their eyes. \"Take me instead!\" \"No, take me!\" \"Take me!\" Their desperate pleas to go in Benjamin's place seemed sincere, but I wanted to make absolutely certain . \"Why?\" I asked, grabbing the front of Benjamin's tunic, \"Why should you care if I take him, beat him, make him a slave?\" As you did to me. Wouldn't you do it again? \"Because I will not make my father suffer… again .\" Simeon said, eyes full of regret. Now the crowd of brothers mellowed, their expressions turning sombre, even regretful. The sudden change in the brothers' mood was enough to make me release Benjamin. \"Again?\" With halting words, they explained how they had a younger brother who they'd sold into slavery, and how their father never got over the loss of his youngest son. But what truly convinced me of their sincerity was the fathomless regret inherent in Simeon's last words. \"For twenty years, we have lived with that guilt…if anyone is to be punished, it should be us.\" I knew then I forgave them for all the guilt and sorrow they had endured for twenty years, believing me to be in slavery, if not dead. And in that moment, I remembered the dream with the bowing sheaths of wheat and the ring of stars around a bright, shining crescent moon. My dreams are truly a blessing from God, for they have brought me my brothers once again. ","Summary":" Dreams Blessed and Cursed Blessed I My father and mother always told me I had the gift of seeing th"},{"Movie":"Joseph: King of Dreams","Title":"Lion and Cat","Author":"CampionSayn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10644378","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Lion and Cat Summary: Things are the same, things are different. Blood remains constant with or without pain. Post-canon, brotherly affection. Warning: This could be considered a sequel to Bear and Lamb, but it could also stand alone. You don't have to read one to understand the other, though, I assure you. Also, I don't know nearly enough about this particular biblical history, so forgive me if I make this up as I go along. Dedication: amour de amour de amour who made this grandly affectionate request for more Benjamin and Judah in this section and to Morning-Tide for poking my ego when my last J:KoD fic went up. Apparently I am a narcissist who needs to preen before anything gets done... or do narcissists even acknowledge they're one? Anyway, hope this is liked since it took some five ideas and drafts to publish. -:- The past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it, or learn from it. -The Lion King. There are birds in Canaan, beasts of large and small sizes, vermin that take advantage when they can and predators all around (eagles with their great wings that could go in and out of the large tents Jacob's family and their families were housed in; sheep to tend to for their meat and fleece with horses, cattle and asses standing tall above them to clear fields and fit them for greens and golds that would keep many fed, milk and cheese to compliment them when the season was good; rats and mice that did not find it difficult to stay out of the way and clean up grains and leavings forgotten by rabbits and shrews that had gotten somewhere before them; foxes, wild dogs and wolves that could grow impossibly large stalking everything and everyone that wandered off on their own) but it could never be said that it was supplied with everything that could staunch someone's curiosity. Joseph had actually managed to forget that he had only ever seen one cat in his life before coming to Egypt. A starving thing that had been on its last legs (its last life, his father had hummed sadly when Joseph had brought the honey colored, emaciated thing to him and given it some milk from a cow that had just given birth; milk rich with nutrients it didn't feel like giving anyone but it's first born and Rachel, whom it trusted) and died after a night being given food and shelter that he had buried and said a prayer over while his brothers were doing their final chores before bed. He had remembered that the creatures did not exist well in Canaan until his family had come to his home in Egypt and he'd spotted Judah glaring at Joseph's cat after having asked the younger man for access to his bandages. \"It seems that Benjamin is not much liked by your pet, I'm afraid.\" And he hadn't been received well, Joseph had seen, once he'd taken Judah to the items he wanted and then followed him to apologize for the assault on his younger (this would never change in that a small, softly rounded feeling that always entered him at that very idea—Rachel had been barren until Joseph and being, admittedly spoiled, he'd never dreamed of having someone younger than him; he would have to get used to that) brother. Benjamin had been just waiting for Judah in the entryway, not wanting to drip red body fluid that would stick and discolor to dark flakes on the palace floor; one hand a tight fist trying to contain the bleeding and the other hand catching the droplets that escaped. \"Open your hand,\" Judah had instructed in a tone Joseph recalled only when he had whispered a favor for forgiveness with his arms around Joseph a few months earlier and a tone the dream reader was still in awe over (in youth, Judah had stood tall and mighty in stature and voice, which cemented his role as the eldest brother and kept everyone in line, second only to their father; Joseph could easily admit that intimidation made him love, resent and fear the man) each time he addressed Benjamin with the same warmth in every word and thought towards the youngest, \"And let's see how deep the damage is.\" The fingers uncurled in a relative memory of Joseph's figure when he was Benjamin's age, but the hand was not his twin. This was what pleased Joseph more and more whenever he was around the smaller man. It proved that his father had been equally loving and devoted to Benjamin, but he did not keep him from activities that would have made him an outcast to the older brothers and make them hate him. Scratches from Joseph's cat ran deep into a palm that was not soft as silk (there was still resentment in that memory of washing courtyards in his early days as a slave—his father chose Joseph's teaching and workload so it was not all his fault that he was like a scribe or a prince in those days before being sold) and blemished with small cracks and blisters—perhaps from washing clothing or sheering the coats from the spring lambs and ewes. Benjamin seemed to like chewing his nails down to the quick, so the blood rolled easily over the tips of each finger when Judah took it gently and wiped at the deep cuts; a hand cradling Benjamin's like a desert lion comparing its size to its infant cub and the other showing more work that either younger brother would experience in their lives dabbing his own tunic sleeve over the inflicted area, cleaning it before even thinking of applying the unused bandages. Benjamin (eyes and face and figure impossibly like Joseph in all ways but that of which the sun in Egypt had colored him from years of standing in its rays for hours; feminine features from their mother making him soft and submissive to anyone not blind and voice with the hesitance and curious nature of a paintbrush before it colors a canvas with choice that would turn good or ill before another) was still getting used to Joseph; they rarely spoke when alone. But with Judah almost like a safety marker between them, he at least made the effort of becoming verbally closer, \"I'm sorry if I left a mess in your dining area. I think I must have frightened the animal or it wouldn't have reacted like that. I think I might have broken one of your vases when it struck me. Sorry.\" \"You already said that,\" Judah chided, beginning on the actual bandaging; tight but not uncomfortable, his eyes and hands soft as his voice as he glanced over to Joseph with a light smile meant, Joseph assumed, for both the brothers, \"A nervous habit he's had since he was four that he hasn't seemed to grow out of.\" \"Judah!\" Benjamin groaned, all of his embarrassment showing with how he turned the color of certain paints Joseph had used a few years ago to coat the portrait he had started in one of the main halls when his first child had been born. It was nice to know that Judah could still go into the big brother mode that didn't mind brightening the mood at the expense of one of his younger brothers. 'I still doubt it ever goes both ways, though,' Joseph considered internally, grinning with raised eyebrows at the bright laughter he felt Judah had intended to bring out of him. Benjamin still blushed, after all, but the tension was simply forgotten. ","Summary":" Title: Lion and Cat Summary: Things are the same, things are different. Blood remains constant with"},{"Movie":"Joseph: King of Dreams","Title":"assuming facts not in evidence","Author":"CampionSayn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13166331","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Notes : For the record: before anyone reads this and gets on my case about historical/biblical accuracy? I. Don't. Care. This is a work of fiction that I wrote on request and let me tell you right here and now, after going back over the movie canon and historical canon, I can say from the bottom of my heart that EVERYTHING about this family is fucked up. Honestly, as much as I messed with things here, I don't think I'll ever get over how fucked up everything about canon was, wtf... I mean, some of the characters had redeeming qualities (JUDAH JUDAH JUDAH) but if Jacob existed today I think I'd go Junior Rodeo on him. The Request Applicant: ItsJosieDuhh Let's suppose that Joseph was not the only one among his brothers that had a gift- curse -different kind of special to call his own. Being able to wade through garbled information taken from sleep and deciphering it for the waking world to see what lies ahead with fate isn't the most important thing in the world, it just…seems the most useful at any given time. Jacob would not have noticed. Jacob had four women he took to in his long life, Rachel being the youngest and–admittedly–most important and interesting to him. He had his studies and his leadership role in Canaan; he didn't often have time in the lives of his children to do more than teach them to read and write, honor the integrity he bestowed onto them, show them how to do basic work and labor. Joseph could see visions of the future, and Jacob believed this was because he came from Rachel, the love of his life. (Benjamin sometimes woke up in the middle of the night, tucked inside covers that didn't belong to his own bed, tucked under the pleasantly strong, warm arm of his elder, but not eldest contrary to popular belief, brother that might as well have been his second father or what a mother was supposed to be. Sometimes he would wake up with a sick taste in his mouth and a feeling not unlike what floating in water for hours was like; memories not his own sticking inside his head, heavy and…somehow warm? He'd wake up in those dark nights before the dawn and think, 'How I pity you, Jacob…') Rachel should never have gotten pregnant again, almost every woman they spoke to after her blood stopped and the confirmation was undeniable had agreed to this. She might have been Jacob's favorite among his wives and ( whored out servants) 'the help' but she was frail as a dove and despite her trust in the Lord, was also terribly scarred from birthing Joseph. Jacob denied that something would go wrong, they were blessed with a second chance at a son (all said within earshot of his other children, of course) and even when Rachel told him that she wanted a priest kept nearby when the time came, he still denied stubbornly that something would go wrong. Judah had taken his penance by diving in head-first to help the woman as much as he could when she started growing heavy again, not so different from the first time, but with a little more consideration to when her ankles swelled and she took herself outside the family tent each morning to heave thick yellow bile for over an hour, handing her water when he felt she was in danger of fainting and drawing up red-tinted foam. His giant hands and figure dwarfing her, but lending a thick shadow to keep the deadly sun rays from heating her too much, and keeping her out of sight from travelers that came to Canaan here and there and had a look tilted her way that made Judah's skin crawl. Reuben, Levi and Simeon hissed insults at him for the first five months, their other younger siblings (deemed even less in worth by Jacob) doing so as well near the tail end when the three eldest stopped and just gave angry, judging looks. Being the middle child had never been more apparent in these months than in the entirety of Judah's life, but he still kept to his decision, kept alongside Rachel and kept the woman's confidences when she broke down near the eighth month when she lost her favorite weaving needle. \"It's not that bad, it's not that bad, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,\" she'd choked into his shoulder, ugly rivulets of snot and tears soaking his shift and wheezing breath load as thunder and hurricanes to his ears while he rubbed along her back and tried not to allow himself to seem uncomfortable and unsure when she would probably break worse in the face of such, \"I don't know what's happening.\" Judah had gotten to a priest when the labor pains started, dragging the man to the birthing tent with specific instructions to give last rights if he thought things were going bad, even if he had to do it under his breath, \"I don't care if my father wants it or not; this is for her benefit, not his.\" When Rachel was finished screaming, begged Judah to lend her just a bit more of his strength, rather than Jacob or God or the other women spreading her legs open to help her force out the small being that would kill her, she thanked Judah for the help, asked what the child was. She couldn't manage a smile when he told her it was a boy, but just blinked slowly at the newborn in her step-son's hands; tiny digits holding to his one thumb with barely a sound echoing in the tent but his mewls and tired breathing, the smell of blood and shit in the air accenting the smell of the midnight blue-black cord still tying her and the infant together. In the years that followed, he would flinch whenever a priest came near Benjamin and reserve the urge and impulse to rend and tear, no better than the wolves that still circled the area no matter how often he and the others struck out to drive them off; the priest that stood in the tent had not been gentle when he'd blessed the water from a sitting basin and flicked it along Rachel's dead cheek, equally so when he'd done the same to Benjamin. After Jacob had been informed and hugged her corpse, screaming and crying, rocking her back and forth for two days without asking after the child, Judah took it upon himself to have her resting place dug, adding dried flowers along the bottom of the hole and had Simeon and Levi pry her away from their father. Benjamin was the name suggested, though he couldn't recall who'd made the offer, too busy looking after the baby and everything else while his father mourned; and all the while during the funeral thinking, 'Holy water is just dirty water,' keeping Benjamin dry and clean and tucked close to him. The years moved on, but Judah never really stopped being brother and parent to Benjamin, no matter how much the others eventually warmed up to him; whether through guilt over Joseph or guilt over Rachel was anyone's guess, but Judah didn't complain if it meant they didn't have to have a repeat of the previous two decades of jealousy and favoritism. More balance with one than the other, as Jacob was rendered paranoid beyond imagining when Benjamin learned to run almost as fast as he learned to walk, understanding written word by age four and actually better at some things than even Joseph had been at his age. He insisted on Benjamin being kept out of the sun and away from the fields, only allowed to tend the sheep and cattle if Judah was nearby and nobody else was available. Benjamin voiced his displeasure with this arrangement only after he started stringing sentences together when Judah felt it was time to start looking for a wife of his own and their father threw insults at him about shirking his responsibilities very loudly. He'd waited until Jacob had gone off to work speak with some of the priests on the other side of Canaan before venturing out from behind the bound up wool and tucked his hand into Judah's hanging one. \"I don't think he should yell at you for wanting something. It's not right.\" \"No, but he has his reasons,\" he'd answered, drawn and tired, but still kind to the bright boy almost two decades younger than him; young enough to be his own child. \"I know. It's because he's scared.\" Judah smiled and picked Benjamin up to carry on his back, somehow knowing they shouldn't have this conversation, but it was going to happen anyway. Though, not quite so quickly, as Benjamin remained quiet until the nightfall... He climbed into Judah's bedding, much like every night that he couldn't handle their father coming back home from time with the priests, much more affectionate with him than he (and Judah) were comfortable with; too much hugging, kissing the top of his head, telling him how much he looked like Rachel , and all the time smelling like the heavy drink the priests kept in their private stock. The moment Judah heard the tent flap open, he lifted his blanket and the small, bird-boned child would slide in beside him, curling into him like a kitten beside a fully grown lion and Judah wrapping a protective arm around him when he brought the blanket back down to keep in the warmth. This was almost routine, as any other activity they'd grown accustomed to in the decade since his birth, both of them settling in to go back to sleep; until Benjamin asked, whispering in the calm. \"Did Joseph really see the future in his dreams?\" Deep brown eyes blinked open like a flash, and Judah tried to keep his breathing from stuttering to a halt that would scare the other. \"I...I'm not really sure, Benjamin. He thought he did, and so did father. But I wouldn't know. It wasn't my place to know.\" \"Is that why the others were... so angry at him?\" Judah closed his eyes and thought for a moment, \"That was part of it, but not the whole of it.\" He felt Benjamin curl a little closer while he replied, \"I know that. Father was too proud about him and made you and the others feel bad.\" \"Who told you that?\" Benjamin remained silent. ","Summary":" Notes : For the record: before anyone reads this and gets on my case about historical/biblical accu"},{"Movie":"Joseph: King of Dreams","Title":"Dream Interpreter Slave","Author":"Hathor-Aroha","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10734634","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dream Interpreter Slave I am the Morning and Evening Star, and not one person can find the answer to my dreams. I had messengers call in the best of dream interpreters and priests to unravel the meaning of my unsettling dreams. I have lost sleep, my appetite, and now my patience wears thin. Daily, I go to the Temple of Ra where in the swirling clouds of incense, I plead for him to reveal the riddle of my dreams. Every sunrise, my heart thumps with the memories of unsettling visages that have imprinted themselves into my dreams. Each day, I look for answers—what is it that I dream of? What importance is inherent in these visions of sleep? What do the dreams of seven thin cows eating seven healthy bovine kin mean? And the dream that follows this—the seven ears of grain consumed by sickly, withered ears of wheat? I have demanded the best of dream interpreters in the land of Egypt, and all of them returned with no answers, frustrating me to no end. The dreams' nightly return taunts me, interrupting my slumber with smug arrogance, knowing I had no hope to figure them out. What deity would send a mortal—even if he is the Morning and Evening Star—dreams that mystified even the best interpreters in the land? Weeks became months, and still the dreams taunted me, becoming so insistent on returning every time I closed my eyes that I was sure they knew, somehow, that they were unsolvable. I had exhausted all the possibilities and not even the vaguest answer had appeared. Normally, I am a patient pharaoh, but this truly tires my patience! How can there be no answers for I, a professed god on earth? I am the Living Image of Horus, and yet these troubling dreams' answers are elusive to all, including the gods and their servants in the temples. I have half a mind to give up and resign myself to these night visages. They didn't seem to be leaving any time soon, and still no one knew what they meant. I have even come to dread the onset of sleep, when they would return, on a nightly routine, to my slumber. One day, my butler taps me on the shoulder, his face bright and urgent, as though he had some thought come to him that needed to be spoken now. \"What is it?\" I asked him wearily. \"I suddenly remembered something!\" the butler exclaims, breathless. I raised my eyebrows at him, questioning. \"Remembered what?\" \"I know a man who interpreted my dream back in the prison!\" I bite back an impatient sigh. Really, how many dream interpreters does he think I've been through? \"I have had enough of interpreters, thank you,\" I decline, waving him away. \"Oh, but this one was different. Does the name Joseph seem familiar?\" \"No, it does not, and I would rather not think about my dreams. Change the topic at once.\" \"No, wait,\" a new voice pleads—the voice of Potiphar, who has appeared before my throne from the crowd. \"I do know this Joseph.\" Joseph…on second thought, that name is vaguely familiar. \"Who is this Joseph you speak of?\" \"He was my slave a long time ago,\" Potiphar explains, \"But I had him jailed when my wife…\" he stops mid-sentence. His voice catches whenever he speaks of his wife, bile bitterness in his words. \"I believe he is still in jail.\" I address my butler, \"You said he interpreted your dream.\" The butler nods, \"I did, Your Majesty, and believe me when I say this—he was right!\" Now he became more excitable, hands clasping and unclasping with his fast-paced words. \"You remember that baker you executed the same day you pardoned me?\" I nod, remembering very well that baker, who has long ago become food for scavengers. \"Well, this Joseph prisoner, he heard us talking about our dreams, and told us he could interpret them!\" \"Did you believe him?\" \"Not at first,\" the butler admits, \"but he interpreted mine first—and he said I would be set free in three days. Well, guess what happened? In three days, I was free, thanks to your mercy, Your Majesty!\" the butler bows very low, still gratified for my pardon. \"Anything else you want to add?\" \"Oh yes!\" the butler nods furiously. \"He interpreted the baker's dream too, Your Majesty, and told him it meant his execution was in three days, graphic details and all!\" I scrutinise him up and down, searching for any signs that he might be telling tales. But his eyes are eager, his expression earnest. His gaze does not seem shifty nor do his hands fidget too much. Thus far, he appears honest enough. \"As I understand, this Joseph slave had interpreted your dreams three days before your fates,\" I summarise, \"And there is no way you could have known what would happen in three days.\" \"Oh no, we had no idea! We thought we would be jailed forever!\" \"He accurately interpreted yours and the baker's dreams?\" \"That he did, Your Majesty.\" I bring up my fingers to massage my temples. \"And how long ago were you freed from prison and the baker executed?\" \"Uh, three years, Your Majesty.\" \"Three years, butler,\" I confirm, \"Why did you wait three years to tellme we had such a dream interpreter in the cells?\" \"I…uh, forgot,\" he claims, \"and even if I did remember, he is still a slave, yes, Your Majesty?\" The butler has a point—I would have dismissed asking a slave to interpret my dream the instant anybody suggested it. However, sometimes a man can reach such a level of desperation that he will try anything that works. Now Potiphar clears his throat, his face a picture of guilt. \"I must add, Your Majesty, that the slave we discuss at present is also an honest man and I have never known him to tell an untruth about anyone or anything. He is an honest man, Your Majesty, and I trust that he will still be so if you give him a chance to hear and interpret your dream.\" I consider these two men's reports, reflecting on all they have claimed and told me. According to my butler, this slave had interpreted both dreams down to the last detail and the exact number of days they would come to pass. According to Potiphar, he was the most honest and trustworthy slave he had ever known. I doubt this will work, but I will allow one more try. I lock eyes with Potiphar, my words firm and commanding. \"Potiphar, bring out the slave Joseph and bring him to me.\" \"At once, Your Majesty,\" Potiphar says with a low bow. \"I will ready him for your presence and bring him before you to speak soon.\" Returning footsteps echo behind me as my attendees ready me for the formal interview with this claimed dream interpreter. I have my back to whom I guess are Potiphar and Joseph, only turning to face them once properly readied. I turn to face a slave who is clean-shaven, with a new wig and kilt, and I see the shapes of ribs sticking out from under his skin. It is clear he has had very little nourishment during his three years in an Egyptian cell. His cheeks appear hollower than would be normal, and his eyes, to my surprise, do not hold the haunted character of someone who has dwelled in a jail for years. Rather, his eyes are calm, intelligent, and honest. He does not seem to be afraid in my presence, and if he is, it is hidden very well. I focus my eyes on Potiphar. \"Is this the man you spoke of?\" \"Yes, Your Majesty.\" Confirmed that this slave is indeed Joseph, I swiftly pivot to eye him with my stern gaze. \"I am told you merely have to hear a dream and you can explain it.\" \"Your Excellency,\" Joseph addresses me, \"the explanation comes not from me, but from God.\" \"None of my gods could answer the mystery of my dreams,\" I chide him, lifting his chin up with my crook, \"who is to say your God can?\" I see the slave gulp visibly as I chide him on his claim that his \"God\" is the one who has the answers to all dreams. When I withdraw my crook from under Joseph's chin, he exhales a held breath. \"Tell me your dreams, pharaoh.\" I take a few moments to collect myself. I must appear strong in front of this slave, for he is still of low status. I will not show weakness in front of Joseph, but I will allow him to hear my dreams. Of how in my dream I stand by the Nile where seven cows graze in peace. But then their peace is disturbed by the fearsome appearance of seven more cows, clearly famished and nothing more than skin and bones. They descend on the healthy cattle and devour them whole, with one gulp and swallow. How when this fearsome apparition ends, then it cuts to another vision, this time of golden corn growing in a field. So healthy, ripe, and fresh for harvesting, only to be devoured whole by withered, black, dead grain. Neither the sickly cows nor the withered grain seem any better for their feasting. When I finish my regaling of my dreams, I find Joseph leaning a hand against the wall, deep in thought, but somehow troubled. I stride up to him, impatient for answers. I truly hope I have not wasted precious time with trusting in this slave. \"Well?\" I press him to answer. \"Pharaoh's dreams are one and the same,\" he explains, \"the healthy cattle and grain represent seven years of bounty, to be followed by seven years of famine, as foretold by the emaciated cattle and withered grain you see in your dream.\" Seven years of famine? I think, stunned by this revelation. If what he says is true…we must act, and quickly. I turn decisively to Potiphar. \"Is there anything that can be done to stop this?\" But it is Joseph, not Potiphar, who speaks up next, his voice full of conviction and authority. \"You must store a fifth of the grain in your granary during the time of plenty,\" he instructs, completely clam, \"This must be stored under guard, and when the famine begins, you must return it to the people.\" A wise and intelligent slave, I muse, annoyed the butler had taken so long in remembering Joseph, but should I trust him? I turn to Potiphar, gesturing out at the slave. \"You trust this man?\" Potiphar and the slave exchange glances, brief but obviously meaningful. \"With my life, Excellency.\" I hope he is right, for now, with my dreams answered, I will place the fate of Egypt's future in Joseph's hands. If Potiphar trusts Joseph, then I will allow myself to trust him too. Egypt will be in safe hands. Tomorrow, I will declare Joseph a vizier, for it is not a priest or magician who interpreted my dream, but a wise and intelligent slave straight from the Egyptian cells. From today, I will trust you, Joseph, my future advisor and vizier of all Egypt. Only I, the Morning and the Evening Star, will have greater power over all Upper and Lower Egypt. ","Summary":" Dream Interpreter Slave I am the Morning and Evening Star, and not one person can find the answer t"},{"Movie":"Joseph: King of Dreams","Title":"Changed Destiny","Author":"dirtykinks","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13138620","Passage":"[Chapter 1] hey everyone this is a oneshot requested by vampygurl402 and please check out my other works as well as my new long fic True Ways 00000000000 Joseph wrapped his arms around himself as his body shook with shivers. For a place that could be so hot during the day the night was freezing and his cell did little to help keep the cold out, it also didn't help that he didn't have anything to wear except for the small piece of cloth that was tied around his waist. In short, his life wasn't even a life anymore, before when he was a slave at least he was treated well, more than well, but now it was like he was dying. He wanted to blame himself, his brothers, Potiphar's wife, the only person he didn't want to blame was Potiphar. The man had shown him kindness, taken care of him, trusted him, and in the end, all he could do was act accordingly. Even if he had believed Joseph innocent he couldn't show it. As a man with great responsibilities, a leader, trusted by Pharaoh himself, it wouldn't have looked good if he had taken the word of a slave over that of his own wives. Time seemed to meld together days came and gone and time really had no meaning anymore, food wasn't given often and when it was it was either very little or rotten. There had been a pair of men that had been tossed into his cell with him, but they had come as soon as they had gone, each accused of the same thing. They had each talked to him, but very little at that. During their time together they had both had dreams which they had been talking to each other about and given that there really wasn't any other place to go Joseph had heard them. It was like getting hit by lightning hearing them talk of their dreams, and before he knew how Joseph knew the meaning of both men's dreams, but by now he knew his lesson and didn't tell the men anything. Talking about his own and what he knew of other people's dreams had cost him too much already and he wasn't about to go open his big mouth and say something that he knew would cause him more trouble than it was worth to warn one man and elevate the other. JKOD He was right again, a few days later and they were both gone, one right back to work in his old position, the other dead. There had been a lot of commotion that day, Joseph had heard lots of shouting from his cell, which was strange as his cell was isolated and he was often left with only silence. That day the air was filled with muffled cries and yelling as the man was executed before a crowd, but as soon as the man was dead the silence was back as the crowd that had gathered to see his death dispersed. After some time Joseph noticed something growing out of a crack in the stone floor and he remembered the rotten pomegranate that one of the men had thrown to the floor and realized it was a plant. Getting up he looked over the plant and saw that it was no bigger than his smallest finger, taking some of the water that gathered in a puddle in the darkest corner of the cell he took a hand full and poured it over the small plant hoping that he could live long enough to see it grow into a real tree. JKOD And grow the tree did, even without an idea of how much time was passing around him Joseph watched the tree grow and soon it had reached his chest, flowers blooming into the fruit as it continued to grow. Besides watching it grow there was little he could do but give it water when he had it, then before he knew it he was eating the fully grown fruit. By now he more or less knew it had been years since he had been sent to prison and knew how to conserve his food and ate fruit from the tree when he needed it, but he didn't let any of it rot and go to waste. Just as he picked the last piece of fruit from the tree did Joseph hear noises close to his cell, when they stopped a few minutes later he turned away and back to the fruit thinking nothing of the noises. As he finished each pod of juice and tossed the seed into the pile he was making to save them and try to plant another tree to add to the other small plants that would hopefully become trees he heard more noises though this time they were closer and seemed louder. Before he could think on it the door slammed open and three men ran in, grabbed him and rushed him from his cell. He tried asking them what was happening but they wouldn't answer him. They dragged him through many halls and Joseph had no idea where they were going, when they stopped it was in a room like one he hadn't seen since he had been bought and brought to Egypt. They stripped off the now thread worn and falling apart wrap from his waist, cut his hair, bathed him, lined his eyes, and redressed him. One push out the door and the same three men grabbed him and were dragging him away again. But this time he could tell where they were headed. Joseph now recognized where he was, despite his eyes aching from all the unaccustomed sunlight and newly kohled eyes, even though that it wasn't hard to recognize his Master's home. What I'm I doing here, he wondered to himself as they neared the grand home. I never thought I'd see this place again. Joseph had no sense of time as they dragged him closer to the house then through it, memories flashed through his mind of the life he had once had here with a clarity that was no longer impeded by time. Joseph now realized that the years had cost him, at least in memories that now were unhindered. Then like many years before he was dragged into a room before Potiphar and thrown at the man's feet. \"I've often found myself wondering \"what have I done\",\" said Potiphar from this throne-like chair, which was very much a throne, but could never really be a throne as Potiphar will never be a Pharaoh. \"I wanted to trust you. Trust that you wouldn't do that to me, but my pride wouldn't allow it. I had no choice but to trust my wife, then when it was so obvious that she had lied to me, used me to fix her mistakes... I've wanted to free you since the day I discovered her subterfuge but I couldn't, many things made that impossible. But now... now she is gone, sickness of the lungs has taken her to the next world, she is in Osiris and Anubis' hands now, and will no doubt feel both of their wraths.\" After a long silence, Joseph risked speaking,\" what now?\" \"Now… now I hope you will forgive me,\" said Potiphar as he shook his head in guilt. \"That won't be hard, I forgave you long ago,\" said Joseph saddened by the obvious guilt and subtitle self-loathing he saw in his old friend. \"Really?\" Potiphar asked surprised at how easily Joseph had forgiven him. \"Yes, it does not do to hold onto unimportant hate or anger especially when the person doesn't deserve such emotions directed at them.\" \"I have never met anyone like you... I have seen people kill for lesser fits of anger and feuds stretch decades because of unseemly words used, yet you forgive me for hurting you for years when you did nothing to deserve them. How can you be so kind-hearted?\" \"I guess I just don't have it in me to be petty or spiteful,\" said Joseph truthfully through he himself had wondered more than once in his life why he forgave people so easily instead of falling into anger. \"Hopefully you will forgive me for this as well,\" said Potiphar as he walked towards Joseph and softly kissed the younger man's chapped lips. \"Now that you are free you will no doubt want to return home to your family, I had to do that at least once before never seeing you again.\" \"They don't want me, never did,\" said Joseph as he rained in his emotions which had been sent into overdrive at the kiss. The younger man didn't know what to think, or how to feel. \"What did you do that for?\" \"I've wanted to do that from the moment I really saw you, saw you as a person, as a friend…\" \"Just a friend?\" Joseph wondered as he tried to gather some bravery. \"Friends is all I dared hope for…\" Joseph chose not to respond with words but actions and kissed Potiphar much like the man had kissed him. As their lips touched Potiphar wrapped his arms around Joseph's smaller frame and held him close, not wanting to let go. THE END ","Summary":" hey everyone this is a oneshot requested by vampygurl402 and please check out my other works as wel"},{"Movie":"Joseph: King of Dreams","Title":"Arrest This One","Author":"Hathor-Aroha","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9886365","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Arrest This One It started out like any other day, with the lines of hungry people stretching into the horizon as they waited for their rations. The wind swept up tufts of sand and burnt grass, and rippled the canopy shading myself, Joseph, Potiphar, and an assistant. I stood beside Joseph, taken in by the fascinating amalgam of hidden personalities in the queues, only hinted at in their mannerisms, clothing, and jewellery. Children clung to parents' hands, sucking their free thumbs or clutching a beloved toy to their hearts. Conversations swirled around the adults, their hands animated or staying by their sides. It was amazing how strong the civilians really were at heart—so many could have chosen to fall into depression or crime with the loss of crops and the famine, and yet thousands of human souls battled on. Now a tall, young boy, perhaps no older than eight, stepped up, his hand holding that of a little girl's. \"Ah! A responsible young man!\" Potiphar greeted him warmly, \"How many in your family?\" The boy grinned, \"Four, my Lord.\" Potiphar signalled to the volunteer, who bent down to collect the needed amount from a sack of grain. The boy cheerfully accepted the bag of grain, not seeing me pick up another small sack full of food. Once the assistant had finished filling the sack with grain, the two children then approached us. \"Hello there,\" Joseph said, \"what's your name?\" The boy told his name and introduced his sister. Joseph brandished the small sack of grain that I'd passed to him. \"Are you looking for some grain too?\" he asked the little girl, who gasped and hid behind her brother. But an eye and the sweetest of grins I've ever seen still peeked out. In no time, her tiny hand reached out and grabbed the sack from Joseph's hand. Charmed by the little girl, we couldn't help but laugh gently. \"Thank you!\" called the little boy as he led her away by the hand. Waving to us, the girl accidentally dropped her toy, falling out of her reach. Tugging on her brother's hand, she reached out for the toy. But as her hand reached for it, a larger, darker hand, belonging to that of a man, grabbed it. The child looked like she would cry, but then the man leaned forward and gave the toy back to her, smiling. \"Here you go,\" he said. \"Who's next?\" Potiphar asked. The man turned back to address the man, \"We are, my Lord.\" Potiphar frowned at them, \"You are not Egyptian.\" The foreigner agreed, \"No, my brothers and I have travelled far from Canaan. We have come for more supplies, for we are low in food, and our wives and children are hungry.\" I realised then that Joseph had left my side—where had he gone? Distracted from the foreigners, I looked around the corner to see if perhaps he had gone to fetch another sack of grain. Instead, to my alarm, he was leaning over a table, his hat gripped in one hand. His head was bent low, and I could tell he was shaking. \"Joseph!\" I cried, going to him and laying my hands on his arms. \"What's wrong?\" He stood up, turning to face me—I had never seen him look so pale, as though with some awful sickness. I touched his cheekbones with my fingertips, noting at the same time how terribly his hands shook. He was not looking well. \"You're shaking,\" I said, worried, \"what is it?\" He straightened himself up, hat still in his hands. \"It's…it's nothing,\" he insisted, replacing the hat on his head, \"It…must be the sun. I'll be fine.\" It wasn't terribly hot, for the sun had begun to cool as it slid toward the West. Nevertheless, I let him go. Back at the table, Potiphar still argued with the foreigners. \"…we don't ask for charity,\" the same foreigner insisted, reaching a hand into his belt and pulling out a small bundle tied with string, \"we'll pay you with silver. Ten of us are here, and we have our father and youngest brother at home.\" Potiphar relaxed. \"Very well. Give them—\" \" Nothing! \" Joseph shouted, striding forward with clenched fists, his arm muscles taut with anger. What's going on? Why this anger? \"Ten foreigners—no ties to Egypt—asking for charity and food!\" I had never heard him sound so angry; it took me aback, \"Are you thieves, or spies, hoping to steal our grain stores? I don't know who you are, and I don't believe your story.\" I stared at Joseph, at a loss for words. This was so unlike the understanding, compassionate man I knew. He had never done this before with other foreigners, so why these men? Surely, he must know they were only trying to feed themselves and their families. No different to any other family, here or outside of Egypt, who all felt the effects of the famine. Did he know them from somewhere? At once, the men started bowing down, their leader—I assumed he was—all conciliatory toward Joseph. \"Your Excellency, all we say is true!\" he pleaded, \"I swear upon it!\" Joseph's face twisted in suspicion and disbelief, \"Then produce this youngest brother, and you can have all the grain you want.\" \"Why?\" asked another man, \"What would that prove?\" Joseph waved his hand at them, \"That…that you're not lying. Come back with this younger brother and you can have all the grain you want. For now…\" he jabbed a finger at the leader, \"arrest this one! Take him, now!\" I gasped in horror. Joseph would never do this! What is he doing? Why? Two wigged guards grabbed the leader by the arms and dragged him away. \"Judah!\" he cried, \"Help me!\" The other men moved to help, but two guards lunged forward, crossing their spears, holding back the group of Canaanites. They stared after their leader. One of the men touched whom I assumed was Judah's shoulder. Their faces fell into disappointed dismay, knowing they were unable to rescue their peer. It didn't matter what inexplicable anger my husband felt to them, now I found myself very much sorry for these men. They seemed to me quite honest enough in their intentions and words—coming all this way to Egypt from Canaan, only for their brother to be held hostage until they brought their brother back with them. Hostage, I thought bitterly, That's what it is. Taking their brother hostage until they return with their youngest brother. Watching the men walking away, defeated and unable to help their brother, a surge of sympathy touched my heart. What Joseph was doing was wrong, wrong, wrong. I thought him a good judge of character, but not today. Today, he arrested a man, for nothing more than asking for rations. They had travelled from the distant land of Canaan for and were now returning empty-handed. They can't help their brother, arrested for simply wanting to feed their families. Tonight, their children will cry for food. This man's wife and children will ask where he is. Who will tell them he has been arrested in Egypt for nothing more than wanting to feed his beloved family? Later that evening, when the last of those seeking rations had gone home, I found Joseph at the rocky outcroppings above the royal prison cells. Hidden in the sand behind the rocks, there was a square hole with wooden framing, into which anyone could peer down into the prison. A long time ago, I had lowered food into this very window into the cell, when my beloved was imprisoned. At nights, I had sneaked out just to be with him—even if it was just to sit with him in silence. Enough reminiscing, I scolded myself, time to confront your husband. I walked up to my love, ready to make him tell me his reasons for arresting this man. \"Joseph?\" I addressed him, not hiding my indignation, \"What are you doing? They're trying to feed their families!\" Joseph turned to me, exhaustion in his very frame, \"They're thieves, trying to steal our grain.\" \"They needed food,\" I argued, \"and they were prepared to pay for it! How can you say they're thieves? They've done nothing to you!\" Joseph looked at me, bitterness in his eyes, and something even deeper, hidden deep in his soul. \"Nothing?\" he echoed, words thick with bitterness, as he heaved a great sigh. \"They're my brothers.\" What? Shouldn't he then be happy? \"What?\" I asked, confused. Then—in that moment between Joseph's next words and mine, I realised: he had never spoken of his brothers. He had spoken of his mother and father, but never his brothers. In the ten plus years I had loved him, I had never thought to wonder why, or ask him why he never talked of them. \"They sold me,\" Joseph revealed, his eyes gazing into mine, \"they sold me…into slavery.\" He walked away, back turned to me, \"I never got to say goodbye to my mother,\" he turned again so his grieved eyes searched mine, \"I never got to see my father grow old.\" Oh gods, how much I wanted to embrace him and never let him go! To be sold into slavery by your own brothers! I reached out for him, touching his face tenderly with a hand. \"I never knew,\" I murmured, \"But you're here now. You have a wife who loves you, children, a home, everything you could ask for.\" He shook his head, parting from my embrace, strolling to the hole into the cell. \"No, not everything.\" He still has a family! He has me, he has his sons! Egypt is his home. I joined his side, reaching out my hand to intertwine my fingers with his, feeling his soft palm against mine. Our wrists touched; I felt a quick pulse beating in his. We watched without speaking as a guard shoved a package of food into the brother's chest and stalked back out again. The door clanged as the guard slammed it. I rubbed my thumb along Joseph's. \"Remember when I would bring you food too?\" I asked him gently. \"Yes,\" he whispered, \"it kept me going.\" Letting go of my hand, he pulled me to him and embraced me tenderly. I wound my arms around his waist, leaning my head against his warm shoulder. Even despite his anger against his brothers, I could feel protection and tender love in his warmth. I didn't want to let him go, wanting to hold him forever. My husband needed me in this moment of turmoil. Then—the brother's voice shouted up to us, though I could not see him, for I faced away from the prison hole. \"Hey!\" the man shouted, \"You won't keep me here! My brothers will come for me!\" Joseph's arms tensed against mine, before abruptly pulling out of my embrace and stalking off, leaving me alone with the brother imprisoned far, far below. I stood for seconds, my hand reaching to my husband as he stalked off. I want to help you, my love, I called in my heart, Help me to help you, Joseph. Help me understand all this anger, please, my Joseph… My hand dropped to my side, heart sinking. I didn't want to tell Joseph, but I had heard something in their voices today, something I could not put my finger on. I could see something in their faces, their eyes, and the way their leader spoke. I saw honesty, but something haunted at the same time, in their eyes. Help me to help you, Joseph…they may have changed for the better. They may feel regret, and yet you believe not. I stared back into the cell, but I could not see the prisoner; perhaps he had moved off to a hidden corner to enjoy his stale bread and three-days-old pomegranate. \"I'm sorry,\" I whispered, knowing he wouldn't hear me, \"I'm sorry for you and your family. I don't want this any more than you do…and…I'm sure Joseph doesn't either.\" Somehow, Joseph would see their honesty that he did not see today, but I had. No thief would ever offer silver in return for grain, and no brother would allow their kin to be arrested. Help me to help you… ","Summary":" Arrest This One It started out like any other day, with the lines of hungry people stretching into "},{"Movie":"Joseph: King of Dreams","Title":"Rouge, Aqua and Shroud","Author":"CampionSayn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9323616","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Rouge, Aqua and Shroud Summary: Illuminating, glorious or terrible; speak of a hundred different things. Brotherly Judah & Benjamin. Disclaimer: Duh. Warning: The end drabble is dark and the first drabble has images of an uncomfortable subject. Dedication: To the people who made the movie, of course. See, now, I said I would come back to this section; I just needed inspiration to do it. And a plot-bunny found itself in my head the other day, so here I am. -:- Prompt: List the top ten experiences of life—top meaning significant. Wondrous. Glorious. Terrible. Illuminating. Demoralizing. -The Idea Book. -:- Find yourself a cup of tea; the teapot is behind you. Now tell me about hundreds of things. ~Saki. Red . The screaming was different up close. Back when Rachel had Joseph, none of the boys had been allowed in with the mother and the midwife, but they were granted this opportunity because the elderly woman was having trouble helping Jacob's second wife through her second birthing procedure. Outside the tent, years ago, it was just like it had been for over a thousand years and a thousand years before that; a vague idea in the back of the mind that this event that happened all over the world must really hurt to make sounds like that every few seconds. Up close and in the thick of it, his hands tight on the back and front of one of Rachel's knees to keep it suspended near her head while the midwife actually reached in ( he isn't ashamed to admit that he threw up his dinner from earlier at the sight of so much blood and clear fluid and something that smelled like a mixture of bile and shit coming out of Rachel through one hole he was aware existed and another that was being stretched horribly by what must have been the baby trying to get out; it looked a bit like a fuzzy ball moving through the mouth of a cat with nothing but gums ) her hand to reposition and move the baby's head, Judah realized that he was never so thankful that he was a man. Blue . \"You know… Joseph did that when he was a little older than you are now.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah,\" Judah sighed for reasons Benjamin knew not to question by the time he was five, he certainly wouldn't ask about it now that he was seven and knew how to read Judah's moods more and better than the rest of their brothers; he just focused his eyes upwards at the way Judah bent over him to get a good look at the long line Benjamin had etched into the ground from the side of their water well and over to the grain field, \"You see these older treads right there? Those were Joseph's idea. It hurt father to see them after… So we had to cover them up and do it the old fashioned way.\" \"He won't make me cover these up, will he?\" Judah was quiet, thinking the answer over, before bowing further down towards his little brother before bumping their foreheads together, a light smile showing through his usual responsible and solemn manner, \"If he tries then I'll convince him not to. And if he does cover them up, I'll come back the next hour and uncover them. If God wants this to happen with you—sooner than it happened with Joseph—then it's meant to be.\" \"Really?\" To answer his little brother in as much the positive as possible, Judah leaned over the well and pulled up a rather large boulder from the top of what kept the water held back. The fluid rushed out like a living entity released from eternal confines, through the path Benjamin had carved in the land, and then into the field within the timing of five seconds. Benjamin stepped back as Judah set the stone down, but then came closer and hugged his brother's ( the tallest man he had ever met, as well as the most compassionate and loyal and loving; even more than their father ) leg with such force that it sent a tiny tremor up Judah's spine and basically forced the giant of a man to bend and pat the boy on the top of the head. His fingers spread through hair that was slightly damp from sweat. Black . The family of Jacob was well known and well respected and, foolishly, that knowledge made most of the boys believe that they would be safe through most things in their lives. Even if Jacob's sons had done a terrible thing to their youngest brother a long time ago, the title of being the sons of one of the oldest and wisest men of Canaan made them feel safe. Judah had known, when he was still a teenager and only taking care of a few younger siblings, that a title did not dictate protection. He'd once been attacked by brigands that wanted to steal the family's sheep and he'd been wounded in the shoulder; it could have been even worse if their father hadn't come and saved him when it happened. Experiencing what he had when he was so young, he should have been more vigilant with Benjamin. (Blood was soaked into the ebony cloak he'd torn off of the slave trader-bandit-brigand, whatever he had been Judah hadn't cared, because of the knife he'd slammed in to the man that had forced him off of Benjamin and fleeing into the night on the camel he'd had tied up outside of the small cave in the canyon Judah never went to and told Benjamin not to go anywhere near either. Judah didn't care about that, though; he only cared about his brother in his arms, weeping into the clothing of his brother, shaking hard and fast as Judah tried to run with Benjamin's weight without falling down and hurting the small teen more than he already was hurting.) ","Summary":" Title: Rouge, Aqua and Shroud Summary: Illuminating, glorious or terrible; speak of a hundred diffe"},{"Movie":"Joseph: King of Dreams","Title":"Bear and Lamb","Author":"CampionSayn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8777018","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Warning: Angsty, fluffy, Judah and Benjamin and a lot of plot based on theory. -:- Dear, It took so long just to feel alright Remember how to put back the light in my eyes - Jar Of Hearts H e kept a close eye on Benjamin from almost the moment he came into the world. It was the closest thing he felt he could get at a shot at redemption . With Rachel exhausted after the birthing ( that had taken the length of time from the sun coming up to setting in the sky to show off every visible star in the heavens ) and their father worrying over his wife, it fell directly to Judah to clean up the tiny little thing and hold him pressed gently to his chest ( secure and safe and much smaller, he felt, than Joseph had been when he was born; at least four pounds lighter and not crying exactly ). It took about four hours or so before Rachel was awake enough to nurse the infant, but Benjamin hadn't complained ( certainly, he had made the usual uncomfortable noises that babies made when they first entered the world and were confronted by chill and open space, but those were mostly gurgles and a noise a dog might make when it couldn't find a bone it had buried ) to Judah until he had been moved from the sturdy, muscled chest and unto his mother's soft curves and unclothed arms so he could nurse. At that point, Benjamin had cried out like he had been confronted by a burning flame and wouldn't stop screaming until Judah rubbed the back of his head and the infant discovered the warm milk of life that would make him strong enough ( he needed as much help there as he could get; he was a replacement, after all—even if, in his life, neither Jacob nor Rachel would ever say so ). All of the others—Reuben, Levi, Simeon, all the rest—made sure that Benjamin was safe and sound and wanted for nothing ( guilt, guilt, guilt, but trying to atone for the worst mistake in the world they'd ever made alleviated the thoughts every one of them had of killing themselves ), but Judah was the one that he kept to. Their father commented, when Benjamin was seven and started following Judah everywhere in the fields and almost ignored his schooling altogether to help tend the sheep and carry things around, that Benjamin was just a moon following what he felt must have been the sun. Rachel said that, no, it was more like a lamb that knew it was safer near a bear. Judah didn't say anything about either thought, but he did make sure, when Benjamin did come out to the fields with them, that he was behind him ( it was wise to do so; taking away the extra weight Benjamin tended to pick up to lessen his brother's load ) and, three times, he'd had to kill and drive wolves away from his brother when they thought he would be an easier meal than the sheep ( there had been so much blood on Judah's hands the second time—a wolf that had gotten lucky and bit Benjamin's ankle and brought him to the ground had been met with Judah picking up a large rock and bashing it all over its body until Benjamin pulled him off, \"It's alright, Judah! The wolf is dead, it's dead—you'll hurt yourself!\"). When all ten of Benjamin's older brothers had families of their own, children and wives and in-laws to look after, he still kept close to Judah and Judah made time for him almost every day. That didn't change. Then the famine came. Canaan had done well the previous years and had stored some grain and such to keep them going ( odd, Benjamin had raised a fuss over not wasting the good fortune the first year that their crop came up three times better than the last and had convinced everyone to store up what they could and not just sell and eat the excess; Judah hadn't needed that much convincing—the boy was fragile as that had been the year that Rachel had died, he would have agreed with the teenager if Benjamin thought they should only eat every four days and drink every five at that point ) but when the crop grew too thin to sustain all of their families and their stores dwindled, they decided to go to Egypt where they had heard that Pharaoh had a servant that had predicted seven years of plenty and seven years of famine. As it appeared that, if what that man predicted was true, then the sons of Jacob would not be able to get by the remaining two years without help. So they gathered up the silver they'd received for selling their brother ( only Simeon had spent any of his share—one piece to buy the best alcohol he could find, drink all of it in one go and would have gone to jump off a very large ridge near the date when Joseph had been handed to the slave traders had Levi not caught him and took him to his own home to cry in shame for a couple days ) and told Jacob that they would go and beseech for enough grain to last the remaining years. Benjamin had not liked all of his brothers leaving (\" Why cannot I go with you?\") but had stood with their father and a teary good-luck, goodbye when Judah had hugged him and whispered, \"You are a man, Benjamin, so I'm trusting you to be strong for yourself and be stronger for father. We will be back.\" The youngest of all the brothers, Judah knew and felt with everything in his soul and bones, had cried when the older brothers had disappeared from sight, but not near Jacob and had done so in private. It must have been awful for Benjamin when they all ( but one ) came back with weary steps and Judah had hugged him as though he would die, to whisper, \"Now you need to come with us.\" Enforced by the burning desire to get back and help Simeon out of prison ( he wasn't angry that his brother had been thrown in jail, but then he, unlike his older brothers, could see it from to Egyptians' point of view; foreigners asking for grain and thought to be spies made sense—he was just worried for his brother ) he had helped Judah to convince their father to let him go. He might never have done it if Judah hadn't been there ( warm standing beside him, strength that was both firm and comforting ) but soon the brothers managed to leave with the promise to Jacob that they would look after Benjamin and would be back ( yes on both counts, all of them promised with the resolve of mountains that stood the test of time and the Nile River full of bounty and danger ). Benjamin was pleasantly surprised by the man that had put Simeon in a cell. Not only because he seemed kind and compassionate almost immediately, but also because he seemed familiar in some way that Benjamin couldn't explain. Even when he'd brought all the brothers back, cut into their bags of grain, and threatened Benjamin with slavery for discovering the cup, it didn't seem as though his anger was directed at him—more like at some silent force circling around him and Benjamin's brothers He only truly disliked the man when Judah begged—as did all the brothers, but Judah was the loudest—him to let him go. Then he had insulted Benjamin in calling him \"a half-brother who was spoiled by their father\" and Judah looked like he wanted to either cry or…something worse that involved grave bodily harm. Benjamin had wanted to do something but all thoughts had ceased to be when Judah told of exactly why they couldn't let him be put into slavery. (\" If if anyone should be punished, it should be us .\") Benjamin had thought in the few moments before the man (threatening, confused, grave…sad) had revealed himself as Joseph ( the favorite one, the miracle child, the shame all of the elder brothers had carried around like their own private stigma, ) of the scars Reuben had on his wrists, of the way that Issachar held himself rigid and didn't seem to feel anything, the times Simeon had gone out drinking to make himself into a complete fool and worked through the day after despite the agonizing headaches ( or because of them, really ), the way Asher seemed happy to make food for everyone but rarely seemed to eat food to delight himself, how none of the brothers ever seemed happy. He had looked at Judah and thought, ' You have already been punished, you have already been hurt .' Their families had been rounded up and made the way to Egypt in supreme joy. Benjamin had helped their father every step of the way, but every night when Jacob fell asleep ( he didn't seem to have nightmares since he'd heard indeed that Joseph was alive and better still in some ways ) he snuck out of their tent and went into the tent Judah slept in. He didn't have to worry about his brother's children as they and all the brothers' wives tended to sleep in the same tent to be wary of wolves and brigands and such. \"Judah?\" As usual, because he didn't sleep well, because even if they were on their way to better lives he was still the oldest brother and had the responsibility to watch out for everyone, he woke up at the slightest nudge and looked up at Benjamin with expectancy for him to get to the point of why he had come as he had so often since he was old enough to walk, \"Yes?\" It was immature and not proper, but the dizziness of elation for everything had worn off that evening, a day from entering back into Egypt and all Benjamin was feeling was uncertainty and want for something he couldn't pin-point unless he went to Judah, \"…Everything is going to be okay, right?\" \"…What?\" \"Joseph is alive, so you and our other brothers can be happy now. It's going to be okay.\" The skin around Judah's eyes stretched as they widened and blinked back little tears. He didn't ever cry (not before they'd found Joseph and not after) and Benjamin found both his hands wiping them away before they made the journey over his cheekbones. The tears fell even more once Benjamin touched him and soon, without preamble and without invitation, Judah raised his covers and brought his little ( so little, so tiny, and yet stronger than any of their brothers had thought when he had been born underweight and got sick so often when he was little it was often thought that he might not survive to adulthood ) brother into the bed with him. Big arms wrapped around a much smaller midsection, small head tucked into the skin of a tanned neck that smelled vaguely of musk and sweat and the sands of the desert, tears slid into locks of hair much finer than just dark brown and three times softer. Judah fell asleep wrapped around Benjamin like the protective bear and sun everyone said he was, but Benjamin was that night the comforting moon and lamb that he had wanted to be since as long as he could remember. ","Summary":" Warning: Angsty, fluffy, Judah and Benjamin and a lot of plot based on theory. -:- Dear, It took so"},{"Movie":"He's Just Not That Into You","Title":"A collection of Alex and Gigi drabbles","Author":"emeraldgirl93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11311289","Passage":"[Chapter 1] An interesting Situation Summary: My idea of what made Alex ask Gigi to stay when they met. Her excuse to come back was a commercial pen? Alex thought in disbelief as he slowly took the pen from the girl sitting at the bar. Just how desperate is this girl? He watched her face go from bubbly to solemn, making him curious. He leaned in to hear her clearly, wondering why she began to talk so quietly. \"My name is Gigi, I went out with Connor last week. I just thought that if I ran into him, I-\" A stab of pity hit him as he realized that his train of thought was right on the money. \"... I don't know. I'm going to go go now.\" For a strange reason, he felt compassion for her. \" Wait, let me buy you a drink.\" Her face was transparent, you could see every thought flicker across her face. It showed nothing but hesitancy and a bit of distrust. \" Just two minutes.\" To the slight surprise of Alex, she stayed. As he talked with her, he found that her naivety and animated way of speech was a little refreshing to him. She didn't try to act cool, or sexy, or charming. She was genuine. Comparing her to his experienced women, she seemed innocent. That innocent stuck out like a sore thumb. Even though Alex usually ran from her type of aura, he couldn't help but be drawn in. He wondered about why he was drawn to her as he refilled customer's empty glasses, always coming back to her to talk. Finally, the bar was empty, and there was just the two of them, still talking. Even though he only asked for two minutes of her time, they talked for hours. To be technical, those two minutes were actually his time. But, he gave much more than he usually does, all for this one naive girl. She intrigued him, made him both laugh and think. She drew him in, and all she had to do was be herself. Most of all, she made Alex want to give. That, in itself, was an interesting situation all on its own.[Chapter 2] Alex will not Summary: Gigi's thoughts after her fight with Alex. It is no surprise to Gigi that she is having a hard time sleeping, considering the night she just had. Starting the night with high hopes and expectations, it ultimately lead to humiliation and crossing another guy off her list. However, she did gain two new friends. A lovely couple, those two were. Staring at the ceiling, she can't help but feel the sharp pain of disappointment, Alex had even said he likes her. In a sad, pathetic way, but still! Groaning, Gigi feels her cheeks turn red as she recalls the night. She played the host, waited until they were alone… Throwing an arm over her eyes, she sighed. The only thing wrong in that situation was her. Reading pity, compassion, and friendship as romantic signs was foolish of her. Alex is right, she reads too much into things. With that thought, hot tears spilled from her eyes and down her cheeks. In all honesty, she has never wanted someone as badly as she wants Alex. So, who can blame her for going a little overboard, for taking things into her own hands? Alex's words come back, making Gigi's head pound. If a man wants her, he will make it happen. It's very clear now to Gigi, he doesn't want to make it happen. However, at least she tried. She has no regrets. Angrily wiping her tears away, she storms into the bathroom to wash her face. She will not cry over Alex. No, he is not worth her tears. He does not want her, so she will make herself not want him. Wanting someone who doesn't want her back is pointless, impossible. Alex made that clear. She is determined to make this let down different. No calling, no \"accidental\" run-ins, no contact at all. Cold turkey, she can do that, right? Looking at her red and puffy eyes, she nods. Yes, she can. No one affects her like Alex does. However, Alex is straightforward, and he made it known that she has no chance with him. Unlike a nagging suspicion, this fact came straight from him. That, in some weird way, gives her strength. Even though he turned her down, he likes her enough to not beat around the bush. Gigi is much stronger than she seems. After all, putting yourself out there isn't exactly the easiest thing to do. She has been humiliated, hurt, and torn down. However, she is always able to pull herself together and go into work with a bright smile and a new date lined up for the next night. Finding \"the one\" is more like war than anything, when a soldier goes down, you can't just leave an empty spot. You must fill it. That's exactly what Gigi is going to do with Bill, the not-so-imaginary guy. She will let him do what Alex will not, she will let him make it happen.[Chapter 3] Infatuation Summary: Alex is having trouble sleeping. Takes place after the fight scene with Gigi. Alex is tired, but sleep eludes him. Staring at the ceiling, he's unable to shake off Gigi's words. No, not really her words, but how he feels about them. Or, maybe it's the fact that he feels anything at all about them that's distressing to him. Her words hit hard, and he can't help but to replay her animated face as she proclaimed that she's a lot closer to finding love than he is. So what if she is closer to finding love, he is not the type of guy who needs love. He has never been that type of guy. A successful business, parties, any girl he wants, all of this makes Alex happy. He doesn't need Gigi's fairytale vision of an one true love. If that's the truth, then why is Gigi's words making such a big impact? Why is Gigi, of all people, the one that makes him think that maybe he is wrong? Something about her makes him want to believe in happy endings, in the fairy tale life, in true love. Maybe it's because she's so gullible, or maybe it's her confident attitude about finding someone. Even though she was rejected so many times in the past, she still has faith. Stretching out his limbs as far as they would go, he gets into a comfortable position in his bed. Instead of comforting him, or making him want to sleep, he realizes just how big his bed is. It's too big for one person. \"You're alone, Alex!\" Gigi's words bounce in his head, striking him again and again in the chest. He groans and rolls over onto his back. He has never lost sleep for a woman. At least, he has not lost sleeping because of thinking about a woman before. Sunlight streams through the bedroom window, giving Alex a clue to how late, or early, it is. Glancing at the clock, he groans. Work in a few hours, and he didn't get one hour of sleep. He realizes at that moment that he is facing a very unusual problem: Gigi slowly transformed from a charity case to his very own infatuation. He is infatuated with Gigi, and he isn't sure that he likes that.[Chapter 4] Clueless Summary: Alex's thoughts after his voicemail to Gigi. \"Dude!\" Alex would have chuckled, if it wasn't for the hopeless situation he was in. \"Yeah, I know.\" Not even five seconds ago, he was pacing back and forth across his office, desperate to hear her voice. Desperate to hear Gigi's beautiful, reassuring, bubbly voice. He couldn't get her out of his mind. That phone call was actually his first attempt. With all the other calls, he hung up the phone before it had even begun to ring. For the first time in Alex's life, he felt scared. Yes, he was finally admitting it: he was terrified that he lost Gigi. A girl he didn't look twice at, a girl who was so romantic that his whole being shuddered when she talked about love. But he found himself buying into every word she said. Every. Single. Word. As he thought about their argument, he realized that she was right. She was right about the signs. She was right that he helped her because he wanted to be around her. To be with her. He was into her, he was captivated by her. She was everything that he was not, and he needed that. He needed her. She saw signs because there were signs. Signs that he didn't even know that he was signaling. He didn't notice the jealousy before because he lived to hear her gratitude filled voice. He didn't notice the love, because he refused to acknowledge that he even believed in love. Reality slapped him in the face. He was strung out, and paranoid. He had fallen for the girl that stood for all the things he thought he didn't need. The truth was, he wanted those things with his whole heart. But, he only wanted those things if they were with Gigi. He wanted her by his side, to constantly give him those things. Shit. Who knew that he could be so clueless. ","Summary":" An interesting Situation Summary: My idea of what made Alex ask Gigi to stay when they met. Her exc"},{"Movie":"Freaky Friday, 2003","Title":"Tricky Tuesday","Author":"OceanDreamer101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13101847","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kayla Roberts walked into class ready for the test. She had studied all night and gotten a 100 on her practice quiz that she created herself. As she walked into class, she saw that most of the popular people were there. Oh great... Kayla thought to herself. \"Hey look who it is? The NERD!\" Justin Thompson, the captain of the football team yelled loud enough for everyone to hear. The teacher wasn't in the room of course, for Justin would have gotten in a lot of trouble. \"Hahaha!\" The class laughed. \"Dork!\" One of the boys punched Kayla in the shoulder as she went to sit down in her seat in the back row. \"Hey Kayla, what did you make on your practice quiz last night for the science test today?\" One of the popular girls, Jordan, asked. \"A 100.\" Kayla said softly. Everyone laughed at her. How she wished she wouldn't get such good grades! She could be this popular girl with the most awesome boyfriend. But that was in her dreams. None of the popular people even went near her. Except to make fun of her and her grades of course. But just then the bell rang. Everyone went to their seats and were talking amongst themselves. The teacher walked in and started passing out the test. Kayla knew she would ace this test. Just like all the other ones. \"You may begin.\" He said as he went to his seat in the front of the room. Just then, the door swung open. It was the most popular girl in the school, Rachel Rivera. Figures. This was the third time this week she had been late for class. \"Sorry I'm late Mr. Smith! The line for Starbucks was SUPER long today.\" Rachel said, taking a sip of her latte. \"This is the third time this week Ms. Rivera. You will be serving an hour of detention after school on Thursday.\" Mr. Smith said with a frown handing Rachel her test. Rachel almost choked on her drink. \"The test was TODAY?!\" Rachel said, eyes wide because she obviously had not studied at all. \"I can't fail this class Mr. Smith! Give me an extra day to study PLEASE!\" Rachel said, practically begging now. \"I'm sorry Rachel. We are starting a project today and-\" \"UGH! This is SO unfair!\" Rachel stomped to her desk and started crying just for attention. \"Babe, its ok.\" Josh Masters, Rachel's boyfriend said putting his hand on her shoulder. \"NO ITS NOT! STOP TRYING TO COMFORT ME! ITS NOT GOING TO WORK!\" Rachel said still sobbing. And that, was the start of a normal Tuesday, or so they thought... ","Summary":" Kayla Roberts walked into class ready for the test. She had studied all night and gotten a 100 on h"},{"Movie":"Freaky Friday, 2003","Title":"Anna Coleman and the Golden Ring","Author":"Michael Vinas","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13086351","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Date: May 31, 2003 It was Saturday and Anna was sleeping in her bedroom when, Tess, her mother, walks in. \"Anna, honey, wake up,\" she said. Tess opens the blinds to make her bedroom brighter. \"Anna, don't make me ask again!\" she blurted. A few minutes later, Harry uses an airhorn to wake up Anna. Anna screams in anger and chases him out of her room and slams the door. She changes her \"Pink Slip\" pajamas and puts on her black shirt with a guitar with long red sleeves. Her shirt was a Bella 2000 Raglan T-shirt. Anna arrives in the kitchen where Harry and his grandpa are having breakfast. \"I'm up now, mom. What are we doing today?\" Anna said. \"We are going to the mall to buy you a golden ring,\" Tess said. Harry bursted with laughter then he falls off his chair laughing. \"What?! A golden ring? Mom, I do not want to wear a golden ring,\" she shouted. Ryan walks in holding his morning newspaper. \"What's going on here, honey?\" \"I am buying a golden ring for Anna,\" Tess said to Ryan. \"Oooh, Anna, aren't you a lucky girl,\" Ryan said, happily. Anna groaned in disgust. Anna and her mother got in their car and went to the mall. At the mall, Anna hadn't said a word and her mother was still looking. While looking the rings, the cashier came. \"Can I help you, lady?\" he said. \"Yes, I'd like to buy a golden ring for my daughter, Anna,\" Tess said. \"Okay, that will be $1,000,\" the cashier said. Tess takes out her wallet, gives the $1,000 to the cashier and her credit card. \"Anna, come here honey!\" she called. Anna walks to her mother. Anna felt so disgusted. \"Hold out your hand,\" Tess said to Anna. Tess puts on Anna's golden ring on her daughter's ring finger with the left hand. \"Anna, honey, how do you like your golden ring?\" Tess said happily. Anna is angrily looking at her golden ring on her left hand where her mother put on for her. \"Mom, I'm 15 years old! I'm in high school! I can't wear a golden ring!\" she screamed. \"Oh, Anna, yes you can. Isn't your friend Maddie going to be thrilled?\" Tess said to Anna. \"Take care, girls,\" the cashier said. Anna and her mother went home. Anna stormed upstairs to her room. She was angrily looking at her golden ring on her ring finger. A couple minutes later, there was a knock at the door. Tess answered the door and it was Maddie. \"Hi, Mrs. Coleman, is Anna here?\" Maddie said. \"Yes, she is, she's in her room,\" Tess said. \"We have to sing our song 'Take Me Away' at the House of Blues,\" Maddie said. \"Okay, Maddie, I'll call her down here,\" Tess said. \"Anna! Your friend Maddie is here!\" Tess shouted. Anna went downstairs and sees Maddie. \"Anna, you ready for the audition?\" Maddie said. \"Yeah,\" Anna said to her. \"Nice golden ring, Anna,\" Maddie said. \"Thanks,\" Anna said, depressed. Maddie and Anna left the house and went to the House of Blues. The End ","Summary":" Date: May 31, 2003 It was Saturday and Anna was sleeping in her bedroom when, Tess, her mother, wal"},{"Movie":"Freaky Friday, 2003","Title":"A Freaky Friday Poem","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12982996","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Freaky Friday Poem We may never get along Or even see eye to eye Or so we both thought But we get a rude awakening when a fortune cookie Fortune goes horribly wrong Now we're in each other's bodies living the other's life Now we see the hardships of each other's life ","Summary":" A Freaky Friday Poem We may never get along Or even see eye to eye Or so we both thought But we get"},{"Movie":"Freaky Friday, 2003","Title":"Freaky Friday 2","Author":"chooper2000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8464093","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Freaky Friday Chapter 1 'BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!' Another day, another argument, another telling-off. \"Harry, HARRY, wake up!\" Anna shouted in my ear. 'Yawn' \"What's all this commotion, its half six in the morning!\" Grandpa said rubbing his eyes. \"We have to collect mum and Ryan from the airport\" I said in a sulkiest tone. \"I'll call a cab then shall I?\" Anna said. \"I'M READY KNOW!\" I shout to Grandpa. \"Good, good my son, the cab will be here any minute,\" \"Cab's here!\" Anna is wearing the SHORTEST dress ever! I look ahead and see a long queue of cars. As we drive to the airport the emergency news on the radio comes on, \"There has been a car accident at junction 13, heading towards the airport,\" \"Damn, we are heading that way,\" said the guy driving. \"Is there any other way to get there, Mum and Ryan are landing at nine,\" Anna said sadly \"Don't worry darling, I'm meant to be somewhere at nine,\" Grandpa said. \"Yeah Grandpa, with us!\" I said. As I look out the spanking clean window, I see an Ambulance whizz past so quickly it makes the cab shake! All you can hear is cars beeping, people shouting and Grandpa yawning! Once again another Ambulance zooms past making me jump. We have been sat in traffic for 45 minutes know; eventually I see a huge delivery lorry on its side and a car been sprayed with water, that obviously caught fire. There are three ambulances, two police cars and a Fire engine. I looked down to see a person being carried on a stretcher with a blanket over them. Anna has her eyes closed not wanting to look at the devastating accident on the motor way. The cab guys beeping and Grandpas sleeping. Anna starts to text. \"Anna, who are you texting?\" I ask. \"Mum, we are clearly gonna be late,\" ","Summary":" Freaky Friday Chapter 1 'BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!' Another day, another argument, another telling-off. \"H"},{"Movie":"Freaky Friday, 2003","Title":"Wacky Wednesday","Author":"laurenkylie97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8572737","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Davidson 6 ","Summary":" Davidson 6"},{"Movie":"Freaky Friday, 2003","Title":"Wild Girl","Author":"tlehcsg","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5485398","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I feel blessed that I can christen this new category with femslash. I really really like this story, which is hardly modest I suppose since I wrote it, but oh well. I hope the thought process isn't too hard to understand. Please review review review. (I own nothing). She asks if your mother is home, innocently enough, softly enough, but as you back into the countertop your tongue trips over the denial. N-no , she isn't home, and that's a lie. This girl doesn't know that that's who she's speaking to. Who she smiles at conspiratorially (oh this can't be good), who she sidles nearer to, dark eyes unfathomable. You have a bad feeling about this. Your knuckles are white as you clench the countertop, breath coming harsher than you want it to, praying that she can't hear your low pulse reverberating in your bones. You have a bad feeling about this, and isn't it irrational? Maybe. But this girl, this \"friend of yours\", is too silent. All you know of her is her vocals bouncing around in your garage for two hours every weeknight, and now you can see her dark eyes and her thick, serious lashes; and she's very still and very silent and not the familiar racket in the garage. These unfamiliar freckles crawl on your skin, all over, and you breathe loudly again. You can't help it. Back when you went to high school – the first time around, not this current stint wearing a teenager's body – girls weren't like this girl. They were blonde, mousy-haired maybe, and they ironed their blouses and smiled often and chose between cheerleading and tennis. Blue-eyed girls, some with braces, modestly applying their mascara in the girls' room at lunch. Things have changed though, because this girl isn't anything like them. Her body looks like the warmest body you've ever seen that you've never touched; from the dark tank top and jeans fitting to her curves, from some kind of frictional spark you think. It's curious, looking at the denim on her hips because you can't help it (girls back then weren't like that, their bodies were not quite shapeless but instead subtle and bland); you think, when did girls get to looking so wild? Not like wild animals, but like thunderstorms or something volatile like that. Since when were girls something to look at, something to wonder about? Since when did girls start rock bands and sing and sing and sing until their throats were raw ? Since when did girls have dark eyes and lips that curled knowingly? You don't know. She mentions that you've been acting weird today, softly enough, enigmatically enough, but you forget the words entirely when you catch her lick her lips very delicately. It makes you jump, and sweat condenses on your forehead and you know that yes, you're acting very odd. But you can't explain this jittery unease, your fascination with why on earth this girl is so calm and cool when your alien, foreign heart is hammering from a murky sense of foreboding. The foreboding is from her composure, probably, the vibe you get that she knows something you don't. Or from the way she edges closer, and the flesh of your back presses the square tiles of the counter. Hard formica grooves. She says now where did we leave off yesterday , softly enough, but she doesn't wait for the answer you don't have and takes your waist in her hands. She keeps her eyes (dark, dark eyes) on someplace around your chin, and positions her body (wild, wild body) very slowly so that it's a fraction of an inch from yours, head to toe. It's like when you put your fingers over your skin, though, as close as you can get without touching, and you can still feel your skin gliding over skin because of the tiny hairs and the still, curious concentration of the action. It's like that, and as she breathes very close to your own mouth (but it's not your own mouth, is it), evenly but almost as heavily as you, you might just snap in half over that countertop, you're pressing so hard. She puts her lips on yours and you've never been so very tense in your life. Your body stiffens unbearably like a thick wire. The foreboding, it's reached a sort of climax where it cracks , it's gotten so strong. But present too is the thought that yes, you were right. Something was going to happen, something did happen; by god, something is happening right now. Her lips close upon yours but that hardly even registers for some reason, it's when they open upon yours that a jolt of danger licks up your spine. Your foreboding's come to its fruition, so now it's… what is it, fear? Horror? Shock? Hunger ? Whatever is, this girl is kissing you; she does this thing, she's doing this thing where her tongue… it's a strange sort of rhythm as you stand stiff and stunned, unsure what to do but so unbearably scattered because she's very good at this. You don't even notice that your hand has snaked its way into her tangled hair, as an anchor for your confusion, maybe, but she notices because she moans into your mouth low and guttural. It's nothing like the singing you've heard from her and nothing like the three sentences she's uttered in this kitchen. And something stirs in your throat too. Just your throat? You know this is so fucking wrong but your immense shock still hasn't waned, and you're still caught off guard, and your brain still hasn't kicked into gear, and well, you're running off instinct and you can't possibly think about that foreboding that's still drenching your gut. It's too late for that. You make a noise like you make when you taste something good (which you are), that muffled sort of exclamation, and before you can dispel the fear of what's happening here (because that fear is certainly there, it's crushing you against the edge of the counter), you make that sound and furrow your brow like you're not entirely sure just what you're doing and you move your hungry mouth against hers. And why… In your mind you're begging for her to stop, you're begging yourself to stop her, you'd give anything to have it end. But you can't, you can't stop yourself from letting her and letting her in. Four eyes are closed and the sound of silence has never been so loud. Girls were certainly never like this when you were in high school. They never dreamed of kissing like this – fierce, unapologetic, urgent – and certainly never with other girls. But this girl, she doesn't care. And why should she? No one's going to back down from her with her tongue doing these acrobatics, taking yours in hers and plunging through the air, in a spotlight, about to fall and crash and break every single bone in your – yeah, something like that. She is good , and bearing down on you like that, breathing so loud (it makes it so fucking hard to think) and teasing your neck and jaw with several slender fingers. You're helpless. You love it. You hate it. You love it. No, you really think you're going to be sick. No, you really… you really don't know. You surely do want it to stop and you surely are terrified but she's surely the best kisser ever upon your lips and the sensation is very surely delicious. You make a sound, a hushed sort of moan from either pleasure or desperate, frustrated anxiety or probably both. She takes that as a signal and sucks on your lower lip and you squirm. You breathe the word that you hope makes it stop, extracting your mouth from hers. Body still upon body, with your hesitant eyes just inches from hers, it's the strangest proximity you've ever known. Even stranger, this closeness as you catch your breath, than your mouths having met in a wild embrace. You tell her to wait, or maybe yourself to wait, and for some reason you say that instead of to stop right this instant, which you really meant. Maybe wait more perfectly fuses stop right this instant and why can't I just come right out and tell you to stop. Your mind is racing, only knowing that you need to stop and claw your way back to sanity. Your eyes, however, are glued to the impossibly smooth surface of the sloping valley of her chest. Damn the fact that you haven't anywhere else to look but into her eyes. She asks you what's wrong, concerned enough, gently enough, beautiful dark eyes curious and trying to snare yours, but all you can do is shake your head like that's a fulfilling enough answer at all. What's wrong is you've been cornered and kissed by your daughter's best friend, what's wrong is you didn't like it and what's wrong is your stomach growls for more. You want the floor to open and swallow you up, you're trapped still between the countertop and this ridiculously warm body. It looked like the warmest body you'd never touched and now it's the warmest thing to press you like memory foam. You love the hot proximity, the awkward closeness of her breath still on your neck and the pressure of her on you all over like a hot blush on all of your unfamiliar skin. What's wrong? You bow your head and your mind tells you that you have a lot on your mind, that's what's wrong, so just say it stupid, don't just stand there. You croak out the right excuse. One hand takes yours, limp down at your side, and the other goes back to the cinnamon freckles on your jaw. She tells you she understands, more than gently enough, and even though she truly doesn't and never could, you know she does. You nod and turn pink, feeling the scorching color rush to your cheeks and sting you, still unable to find anywhere else to look but at her smooth, tan chest. There's a heart beating under there, you muse vaguely, and wonder at the pulse driving this unpredictable creature. Surely, when you were yourself a teenager, girls' heartbeats were much more feeble. Your own must have been, but that same heart doesn't beat in you right now. Now you have a different, younger heart pushing blood through you, and you feel that this one's beating a robust tattoo too. It makes you sigh that it, and its courage, is not even yours. You don't even have it in you to face your fear, this girl; or perhaps your fear is being a girl like that yourself. Or perhaps, perhaps you can't even manage to put your finger on why you feel so vitally ill. You push past her, letting the sensation of her fingers linger just for one sweet moment, and mutter some excuse about the wedding rehearsal. You feel her dark, dark eyes on your back, feel her taking an unconscious step forward in detached concentration after you, and feel as well a flood of relief that when this body has its rightful owner back it can properly slake the thirst of this wild, wild girl. ","Summary":" Author's Note: I feel blessed that I can christen this new category with femslash. I really really "},{"Movie":"Freaky Friday, 2003","Title":"Como madre e hija","Author":"DIL NEVILLE","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5054972","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Como madre e hija Aclaración: Los personajes de la película Un Viernes de locos no me pertenecen le pertenecen a Mary Rodgers, quien escribió la historia en que se basaron o los productores de la misma, esto lo hago sin fines de lucro. Nota del autor: Esta historia la escribí antes de que existiera una categoria para los fics de esta película y me alegra haber sido el primero en escribir uno en español La miro fijamente, al fin la entendían, al fin la comprendía, como siempre debió haber sido. Ana al fin entendió que si su madre no la comprendía no era porque no lo intentara, ni mucho menos porque no la amara, sino porque el estrés por el trabajo y las demás preocupaciones que tiene una mujer adulta que trata de sacar adelante a sus dos hijos, la habían hecho olvidarse de lo difícil que podía ser la vida para una adolecente, al fin entendió que si su madre se casaba de nuevo no era porque hayan dejado de importarles lo que pensaran sus hijos y mucho menos porque se hubiera olvido de su padre. Era simplemente porque quería otra oportunidad de ser feliz a lado de una persona a quien amaba tanto como él a ella. - Te quiero mucho mamá – le dijo Ana mientras abrazaba a su madre afectuosamente. - También yo – le dijo ella cariñosamente correspondiendo a su abrazo con el mismo afecto. Nota del autor: Si les gusto dejen Reviews.[Chapter 2] Como madre e hija Aclaración: Los personajes de la película Un Viernes de locos no me pertenecen le pertenecen a Mary Rodgers, quien escribió la historia en que se basaron para hacer la película o los productores de la misma, esto lo hago sin fines de lucro. Capitulo 2: Lo que Tess entendió La miro fijamente, al fin la entendían, al fin la comprendía, como siempre debió haber sido. Tess al fin que entendió que si su hija repetía continuamente que le arruinaban la vida no era por simples exageraciones de una adolecente. Era el resultado de tener una ex amiga que siempre la molestaba, un maestro que estaba en su contra para vengarse por haberlo rechazado cuando estaban en la segundaria y por ultimo de su incomprensión pues aunque ella hiciera lo posible por entenderla tenia que admitir que a veces no lograba hacerlo, pues el estrés de su trabajos y todas sus demás preocupaciones, la habían hecho olvidarse de lo complicado que podía ser la vida para una adolecente. Al fin comprendía que el ruido que hacia su hija con sus amigos cada semana en la cochera de su casa. Era en realidad una bella música que nunca se había molestado en escuchar. Tuvo que verse obligada a escucharla para darse cuenta de ello. Al fin comprendió que si a su hija no le gustaba el hecho de que se volviera casar no era porque le callera mal su nuevo novio sino porque tenia miedo de que ella y su hermano hubieran dejado de importarle y por temor a que su padre quedara en el olvido. - Gracias por todo - dijo Tess mientras abrazaba a su hija afectuosamente - Te quiero mucho mamá – dijo Ana mientras correspondía al abrazo con el mismo afecto. -También yo – dijo ella mientras continuaban el abrazo Al fin se amaban y se comprendía mutuamente y así seria por siempre Fin Nota del autor: Esta es una idea que se me ocurrio el dìa de la madre, cuando vì el especial de Disney en el que dieron esta pelicula y ya saben si les gusto el fic dejen Reviw. ","Summary":" Como madre e hija Aclaración: Los personajes de la película Un Viernes de locos no me pertenecen le"},{"Movie":"Freaky Friday, 2003","Title":"New York Minute in a Freaky Friday","Author":"Cecil Jacobson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3990990","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is a fanficncombining the 2 fantastic movies, Freaky Friday and New York Minute.nIt is not a mysterious weird mind-swapping incident like whatnhappened in Freaky Friday, but rather, concentrates on crossoverninteraction among some of the best and most memorable characters ofnthese 2 movies. Disclaimer : I do notnown these 2 movies, or any of their characters. Roxy Ryan unpacked hernbag and examined the items she had brought along to her relatives'nhouse. Among the items which she brought from her home in NassaunCounty Long Island were her spare clothes which mostly consisted ofnband t-shirts and jeans, were her iPod, a copy of her band Zen Riot'snCD, as well as a pair of drumsticks. She twirled the drumsticks innthe air with adept skill and played on imaginary drums. Then shenrealized that there were no actual drums in this house for her tonpractice on. Oh well, she thought, and placed the drumsticks backninto her bag. It was the summernbreak, and Roxy had grudgingly accompanied her father to SantanMonica, California. He had to attend an important medical conventionnfor approximately slightly more than a week. Her sister, Jane, wasnaway in England, attending a 4-year scholarship course in OxfordnUniversity. Roxy recalled their peculiar and intriguing adventures anfew weeks ago, which deviated from their usual monotonous routine ofnattending school (or rather, for her, added interesting variations tonher class-skipping activities). On that particularly wacky day, shenand her sister were literally running and driving circles aroundnManhattan, dodging their old and new adversaries and encounteringnnumerous comical situations. But most important, she had gainednunderstanding and won substantial respect from even her perfectionistnsister when she filled in for her during first few minutes of speechnat the scholarship competition at Columbia University while Jane wasnscrambling there to make it on time like her future depended on it.n\"Yea it was one freaking awesome day!\" Roxy declared. After a while, theninevitable feeling of boredom crept in. Her father was out in thencity for his conference as usual and would only be back earliest innthe evening. Maybe she should call Trey Lipton, but he was probablyntoo busy at a Congress after-party with his mom. How about Jane? Nopenshe was possibly and thought she should go for a stroll round thenneighborhood. Although she was quite familiar with bigger cities likenLA, she had seldom been to smaller suburban towns like Santa Monicanbefore, and thus was still somewhat hazy on their layouts. Roxy got off the couchnand put on her red cap, which supplemented her usual rocker outfit ofnblack Metallica t-shirt, and tattered blue jeans. She stuffed hernmobile phone and iPod into her pocket, before heading for thendoor. After stepping out ofnthe main door into the porch, Roxy peered at the street ahead. Beingnthe holidays, most people were either at home or on vacation, and thenroad was generally empty. A breeze of refreshing cool air slightlynruffled her wavy dirty-blonde hair, which was kept mostly in place bynher red cap, as she walked towards the gate. She decided some musicnfrom her iPod would complement her neighborhood exploration. No sooner had she putnon the earplugs of the iPod, when an unfamiliar tune began to tinglenher ears. Roxy thought her iPod must have developed an artificialnintelligence of its own and composed its own special breed of newnmusic, when she realized that it was not even switched on. She tooknoff the earplugs and observed the sounds from the surroundings. Thenmusic seemed to be made up of electric guitar melodies and bassnnotes, and fast drumming. It sounded like a garage band was activennearby. She followed the music until she arrived at a house two unitsnaway, which she deduced was its likeliest source. True enough, theninfectious tunes were streaming out of its closed garage. Roxynstopped and listened. It sounded like sort of the same kind of songnher own band would play back home in New York. In fact, the guitarnstrumming not only rivaled, but perhaps, sounded way better than thatnof her own band.[Chapter 2] Roxy stood just outside the gate carefully observing the music in silent awe. Just then, a voice interrupted her concentration. \"Hello!\" Roxy spun to her right and saw a woman who looked to be in her late 40's walking on the pavement towards the gate. The woman had neat, short-cropped hair and wore a black coat and pants, and carried a suitcase, signifying that she had probably returned from work. Roxy assessed that she must be a professional. The woman smiled pleasantly. \"Are you looking for Anna? They are in the garage. Sorry if she can't hear you. It's too loud,\" the woman said. \"Er..well, I just happened to pass by,\" Roxy answered in contemplation. \"You want to come on in then?\" asked the woman. \"Uh nevermind I have to go home for dinner,\" Roxy replied after some hesitation. \"Feel free to drop by anytime you like,\" stated the woman as Roxy started to walk back home. As she casually strolled back in the direction of her relatives' house, Roxy wondered which band was rocking out in the garage just now. Was it publicly well known? It certainly sounded like they could have easily produced a number of hit albums through their skill and enthusiasm. Or perhaps, it was not a live band at all, but rather, someone had left the home stereo system on with its volume tuned up to concentration-breaking heights, using the strategy of noise annoyance as an asymmetric tactic in a neighborhood dispute, as one of the means of retaliation against some nasty neighbors. These and other thoughts fleeted through Roxy's mind as she approached her house. As she stepped passed the front gate, Roxy noticed that Aunt Jenny's car was parked in the porch, \"Is dad back?\" Roxy enquired as her aunt was checking out a new pair of binoculars she had just bought. \" He's upstairs, hun,\" Aunt Jenny gestured while peering through the lens out of the window. Roxy decided not to enquire about her aunt's new sight range enhancement device, and trodded up the stairs and found her father unpacking his bag in the spare room. \"Dad, can we go out for dinner?\" \"Sure, I'm literally starving to know what's going on around this town,\" her dad replied, and then he lowered his voice to virtually a whisper, \"Besides, your aunt hardly ever cooks, and when she does, it can keep the hungriest mongrel satisfied with just one bite.\" \"How's your day at the convention?\" Roxy inquired, seeing her father looked somewhat lethargic or exhausted. \"Oh its nothing. At least I don't have to see those morons in my office back in New York, who think they can boss and push me around and think they are smarter than me. They don't have even half of the brain I have\" Her dad answered with a laugh as he placed his laptop computer on the desk. \"Yea dad we know you literally own them when it comes to cerebral power.\" Roxy rolled her eyes as she replied. She and Jane (and their mum) had heard her dad's self-declaration in mental capability as often as he stirred his cup of morning coffee. Roxy followed her father downstairs. \"It's time for dinner. You wanna bring that along?\" Her dad asked Aunt Jenny. \"Err, nope,\" replied her aunt as she appeared to muse for a while before placing the binoculars on the coffee table. \"Good gosh, coz we are not touring Niagara Falls anyway,\" Roxy muttered with a shrug. As their car reversed out of the porch and rolled off along the street, Roxy looked in wonder at the house she had stopped at earlier. It looked calm and quiet, as though its occupants had also gone out. Roxy tapped the seat and pondered for a while. Was Anna the woman's daughter? And were the infectious and catchy tunes attributed to her? The more Roxy thought, the more she became fascinated. She then made up her mind to pay them a visit the next day.[Chapter 3] The next day, Roxy stomped out of the gate of her relatives' house to take a stroll around the neighbourhood another time. It was only the second day, and she was already starting to feel the familiar air of monotony creeping in. She and her dad only had the company of her aunt, as her uncle was overseas, and her cousins happened to be away on a school-sponsored foreign study trip. Her relatives' house was a double storey detached bungalow about the same size as hers, but with a cramped attic, dank and dusty basement, and a sizeable garage that could park two cars. However, it lacked all the necessary avenues of entertainment according to Roxy, such as a desktop computer or gaming console. In addition, her aunt's sound stereo system had strangely malfunctioned the day she arrived, thus leaving her unable to rock out to her band's CD, although her aunt insisted it had worked flawlessly the day before. Hence, Roxy decided she had better resume her neighbourhood exploration before the boredom drove her bonkers. She headed down the same street she plodded along the day before, soaking in the fresh morning air and lukewarm sunshine, her floppy red beret cap perched in a slight slant on her head. As Roxy walked by the house where the funky stream of music emanated from the day before, the door opened and out marched a teenage girl approximately the same age as her. Roxy observed that she had straight reddish brown hair highlighted with blond streaks, and a lightly freckled face. She wore a black t-shirt with long red sleeves, olive green pants that seemed to be cut off at the ankles, a studded belt, and black converse sneakers with blue shoelaces. In addition, she also had on a black dog collar style choker, and numerous wristbands. Roxy also noticed she had black nail polish, just like hers. Roxy stopped and stared in awe as the girl strode casually down the garden path, nonchalant and seemingly oblivious of Roxy's presence. From her attire, Roxy guessed that she must be a skateboarder, or a rocker just like herself. As the girl neared and turned her head slightly in Roxy's direction, Roxy, at a loss for words, managed a nervous grin and stuttered, \"H…hello.\" The girl smiled with friendliness and replied,\" Hi!\" Roxy, feeling more at ease now, said,\" My name's Roxy. How are you?\" \"I'm Anna. Nice to meet you\" the girl answered coolly and casually. \"Have you just moved here? By the way, nice cap,\" Anna added. \"Thanks. Well, actually I'm just visiting my relatives for the time being,\" said Roxy,\" I live on Long Island.\" \"You love Simple Plan too? That's great!\" Anna remarked. \"Oh yea they are awesome. In fact, they are my favourite band,\" Roxy replied after taking a glance at her own t-shirt. \"I also like Lash, Green Day, The Hives, Fall Out Boy, Halo Friendlies, and Lillix,\" Anna quipped. \"Yea they are awesome, especially Lillix, wish there were more girl bands like that,\" Roxy replied in earnest. Roxy, wanting to put at ease the uncertainty that had been plaguing her since the day before, then let loose the question that had been floating around the inner recesses of her mind. \"Anna, are you in a band?\" \"Why yes. How did you guess?\" \"Well, yesterday, I heard this great music coming from your garage. It was really fabulous. I really loved the guitar chords the most,\" Roxy remarked with unflinching enthusiasm. \"Thanks,\" Anna replied with a smile. \" By the way, are you in a band too?\" \"Yup, but I'm only the drummer. It's the only instrument I've learnt to play so far,\" Roxy spoke with a small sigh. \"That's cool too. I mostly play the electric guitar, and I'm somewhat a novice at bass. So what's the name of your band?\" Anna asked. \"It's called Zen Riot. We felt it would be a really cool name for an unknown upstart band like ours. And by the way, I'm the only girl in the band,\" Roxy answered. \"Mine's named Pink Slip. We have 3 girls, including me, and 2 guys,\" Anna quipped. \"We usually play on weekdays after school in my garage.\" \"That's great! How did the name come about?\" Roxy quizzed. \"It's simply refers to the pink paper for layoffs, in other words, means they're fired from work,\" Anna explained. \"Oh I did not really know that, partly coz I've not really done a full time job yet,\" Roxy said. \"I guess neither have I for as long as I can remember,\" Anna replied. \"Anyways, which house are you staying in for your vacation?\" \"Well, it's number 30.\" \"Nice, it's just down the road. You can drop by at my house anytime. Or I could go to yours. My exams are over too, so school's out for the time being. By the way, do u have any siblings?\" \"Well, I only have a sister. And she's totally different from me. She thinks of my drumming as simply noise,\" Roxy said with mock exhaustion. \"I have a little brother, who drives me nuts with his bratty ways,\" Anna said. \"By the way, are you free now? You can come in and have a seat if you like.\" \"Sure, thanks,\" Roxy replied as she walked in past the open gate and followed Anna up the path and into the house. ","Summary":" A/N: This is a fanficncombining the 2 fantastic movies, Freaky Friday and New York Minute.nIt is no"}]