[{"Movie":"Felidae","Title":"Why did you leave?","Author":"icesodameow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10987894","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The torturous, heart-wrenching memories of the events that had taken place earlier in the week had started to become amusement toys for the subconscious of my mind. Especially adding to effect was the incredibly non-feline lifestyle I had started take, which included extreme lack of sleep and a non-fussy, stringent diet; and the flow of existence of the world outside my mind was finally beginning to creep its way into my brain. Especially into my dreams; the way pungent smoke can fill a closed room by slowly dragging its filthy body under the door. Was my pathetic little body a dating site for snow or something? Because it felt like every single hair on my body was being hugged by an icy parasite, and I came to conclusions that I should probably stay off the main roads to avoid being ridiculed like an abominable snow-cat like I happened to unfortunately resemble. The snow continued to whirl down excitedly until the streets were bathed in a smooth white, looking much like ginger-bread houses at a bakery that had been offered a little too much sweetness by their enthusiastic icing-sugar makers. Did I mention that it's Christmas? And behind all those little snow-induced hubs of perfection, probably lies your typical human family enjoying the happiness of the holiday with a small house pet doing a splendid job to clean up the Christmas leftovers. You may ask, why is an animal like me out on the streets like a helpless wandering buffoon? Shouldn't I be receiving special treatment too, like I had just envisioned for you; nibbling at a leg of roast chicken or sleeping away the heavy inductions of fruit log by the hearth of the fire? You've forgotten to look at the humans in that picture. And that is what I lack. I've lost my only companion to a hostile, cat-despising nymphet who has eyes that literally drool over my human's wallet. Of course, I should have used that lump in my head to decipher his behavior rather easily when he was around her, and would've been able to deduce the coming future for me. It's because I took for granted that he would baby my fat, furry behind until I was gasping out my last breath; I thought that since I was the only creature in his miserable life that saw him in any kind of god-like way possible and relied on his existence as a part of my sustenance, it would go vice versa. I never wanted to come to such conclusions, but, I'm beginning to believe that all humans are the same. They have such an odd need to sate, once one thing has been satisfied, they look for another thing. And if there isn't enough room to fit it in, they can always have the ill-minded choice to remove whatever things in their life that are already satisfied. My paws feel like they've been knotted down into the ground by rope below the snow because by now, I can barely move without feeling like I'm a living transport for metal. Taking a few more sore steps, I almost collapse before my eyes are maneuvered to a sign by bright, neon light, and my mind decrypts the words to be a veterinary clinic sign. Approximately one animal is put down every eleven seconds in the United States. It'll only take me about five seconds to walk in there. I don't have anywhere to go anyway. ","Summary":" The torturous, heart-wrenching memories of the events that had taken place earlier in the week had "},{"Movie":"Felidae","Title":"Felicity's Death","Author":"DarkerThanEvanescence","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8063962","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Felicity's Death I sit on my windowsill, feeling the sun's touch warming my grey fur. It's a pleasant sensation, the heat. I'm sure that if I could see it, the sunrise would be beautiful. It's been a while since I heard the last death cry. There are only five victims so far, all tomcats. The first victim is young, free, un-castrated, and went by the name of Atlas. The second, Tomtom, was paranoid; always thinking the world was out to get him. Ironically, that assumption wasn't far off. He died with his throat slashed open. The third happened to be an un-named brother, a loner that just wandered into the neighborhood. His scent and voice were foreign, an accent I couldn't identify. Poor Sascha was the fourth, barely out of kitten-hood himself. The most recent is good old Deep Purple. A familiar face, despite thinking every garden belonged to him, will be sorely missed. Francis thinks they were murdered, but even so, the motive that caused their death is still likely to be sex. I've heard it before, the excited growls, the smell of a female in heat. It's really nothing new. My ears prick as I hear the hinge in my skylight creak. \"Francis!\" I call, turning over my shoulder, expecting to hear the sonorous timbre of his voice greet me, but it never comes. Strange, he told me he'd be back very soon. \"Francis?\" I stand and face the dark expanse of nothingness that is my home. I don't hear a thing. Without my eyesight, my hearing has grown much more acute over the years, which is how I am able to hear the screams so clearly. But now, nothing, not the soft hush of paw pads on the rug, not the faint whisper of fur brushing against the leather furniture, not even the slow, rasping in-and-out of breath being drawn and released. A sense of dread pulls at my heart, a feeling I am accustomed to, but haven't felt in a long while. \"Francis…\" my voice is little more than a whisper. Whoever is here is not a friend. A hiss escapes from my bared fangs and my claws slide from their sheathes. The fur along spine stands on end, and my tail thrashes and coils like a serpent with its head cut off. From the shadows, another voice mingles with mine. An excited growl, persuasive, urgent, the same I hear when the killings occur. \"Who are you?\" I gasp, my sightless eyes search for what I know I cannot see. Oh, if there was any time I wished my vision would return, it was this instant, so I could see this monstrous threat. \"I should've never let you live.\" The voice belongs to a tom, deep and throaty, old even. What does he mean? I hear the thunder of paws on the ground and a bony shoulder throws me from my perch. I roll, feeling the soft weave of the rug on my whiskers. I crouch low, burying my claws into the fabric for stability, my equilibrium gone. I let out a furious hiss. Stay away! I hear the heavy thud of body weight hitting hardwood. Paw steps get closer; the sour breath of my attacker stings my nose. He screeches manically, claws puncture my flesh and I'm forced onto my side, helpless. He pins me down. I try to push him off, but I'm not strong enough, not nearly strong enough. His fangs nuzzle my throat, searching for a pulsing artery. Jaws clench and tear, my body contorts in ways it shouldn't go. And the pain, it's more intense than anything I've felt before, gashing, shredding, and rending. Wait. This is vaguely familiar, this agony. Then the images come, the 'pictures in my mind.' It's all blurry. There are many people around me, big, tall, and somehow bright. White, a blinding white emanates from them. They talk in unison and laugh, my head rings from their voices. I'm scared. I'm small. I'm young. I want my mother. One leans closer and smiles. The smile is fake. His eyes terrify me. Cat-like, they shift, as if gauging my reaction. I don't trust them. Something glistens in his hands. He moves quickly, oh so very quickly. I feel the pain deep within my skull, but it fades very quickly. I sleep. This is no normal sleep. The darkness is darker than black, if that's even possible. I can't move. I can't wake up. I try. The voices start to filter through. They're angry at each other, blaming, screaming. I feel like an eternity has passed while I was asleep. Something bad happens. I can't remember what. I don't want to remember what. The darkness remains, but then there's no cold, biting metal table beneath me. I'm home. I'm safe from those evil men. Then I feel the maw dig deeper in my neck. I know. I leave one nightmare and enter another. Why, why is this happening to me? What have I done? I can't scream. My blood soaks through the fur of my chest. I know it has to be red. Is that what that color is called? It's the same color that's on the scalpel. The pain in almost completely gone, only a dull ache, like a pulled muscle. I'm grateful for that. I don't want to die in anguish. My attacker's smell lingers. He's still here. Why not leave me for the maggots? There's no hope anyway. I've given up. He's waiting for something. What? Do I know him? Yes. The memory, he's there with the bright men. They do this to him too. I know his name. If only I could tell Francis… The one who must be sealed… Claudandus… ","Summary":" Felicity's Death I sit on my windowsill, feeling the sun's touch warming my grey fur. It's a pleasa"},{"Movie":"Free Fall Freier Fall","Title":"No more running","Author":"Missekatten","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10221428","Passage":"[Chapter 1] No more running \"I always tried to catch up with you, you know.\" Kay turned in the bed, looking at the man that lay next to him. It was late and they had turned out the lights and said their goodnights long ago, but Kay had been unable to fall asleep and Marc did not seem particularly sleepy either. It still felt unfamiliar, this… regularity of going to bed together and knowing that when morning came, they would still be there, the two of them. There was no longer a third person, in another bed, waiting. Only them. \"What are you talking about?\" \"At the academy… I hated you. Excellent runner, arrogant, self-confident.\" \"You forgot sexy as hell.\" Marc chuckled softly but Kay continued: \"But if you take away the running part, that's a pretty accurate description of you .\" \"I guess.\" \"So what did you want to do, once you caught up with me?\" The answer came simple and unaffected: \"I wanted to best you.\" It was Kay's time to laugh now, effortlessly recalling their activities earlier during the evening. He had been bested alright, and more than once. \"You have to set up a new goal, I'm afraid\" he said, his hand finding its way to Marc's cheek where he caressed the soft skin, the faint hint of stubble that would be shaved away come morning. Marc smiled under his hand, the corner of his mouth touching Kay's thumb. \"No, I'm still running. You're always one step ahead of me.\" Kay leaned closer and they kissed, that strange new sort of kiss that was so different from their usual ones, and yet so terrifyingly comforting. He wanted to tell Marc that run was what you did when there was no going back or when you did not have the strength to fight anymore, that run was what he had done when Marc had rejected him, that it was what he had done for such a long time and that he was dead tired of it. But to say those things were to make them real, and maybe Marc had realized them on his own: that there were many ways to run, and not all of them something to admire. \"Nah, not anymore\" he said, touching the full lips gently with his thumb. \"Then, you would always stop before you got past the finish line. Now you're right where I want you.\" Marc pulled him closer, letting the kiss deepen before he momentarily let go and whispered. \"And here's where I want to be.\" They settled down then, Marc's arm around Kay's waist and his body a solid form to lean against. As Kay felt Marc drift off to sleep, he sighed and closed his eyes, thinking that this was where he wanted to be, too. No more running. And he fell asleep. ","Summary":" No more running \"I always tried to catch up with you, you know.\" Kay turned in the bed, looking a"},{"Movie":"Free Fall Freier Fall","Title":"With a help","Author":"MichelleHuddy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12188996","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kay was walking in the grocery store, picking up some items into his cart, he just finished an extra shift and all he wanted to do, was just to relax in front of the TV with a glass of wine and a dinner, still deciding between German and Italian. Maybe tomorrow when he's less tired, he might stop by a club for dance or two. Finally standing in the line of the cash register, he dropped couple boxes of condoms in his cart, when he heard a disgusted snort at his action. He frowned, wondering why someone would be disgusted at his choice to buy condoms; it wasn't like he had written gay across his forehead. But he didn't have to wonder for long, because raising his head, he saw a familiar face standing right in front of him, someone he didn't saw for five months and actually wished to never see again- Bettina Bischoff. \"-Bettina\", Kay acknowledged, trying to sound friendly and don't give her more reason to dislike him, \"-Kay\", she said, sounding less friendly, with a fake half lip smile, \"-How are you?\", Kay asked out of politeness, since they stood in the same line and there was no way to avoid each other. But when she glared at him with hate and disgust, he understood that it was probably a wrong question. So she knew then. She knew about their affair. But considering that he left just like Marc wanted, she should be a bit grateful even. \"-Is that how you spend your Friday night? With wine, unhealthy food and a box of condoms?\", Bettina for some reason decided to ask, instead of answering his question. Kay glanced inside his cart one more time, thinking he probably should've brought more food, but he wasn't really into cooking, \"-I don't normally cook, so I'll just order something on the way\", Kay said deciding not to comment her cart, full of baby food and wine, Kay thought she would feed the baby naturally for a lot longer. \"-So it's just for you then\", Bettina said sounding even more angry and disgusted, and Kay couldn't really understand where it was coming from. He always lived alone, \"-Well, I live alone\", Kay said not sure why he had to explain and defend himself, \"-Of course you do\", Bettina snorted in disgust and Kay just gaped at her. What a hell? \"-Bettina..\", Kay said softly, wanting to ask why she was acting and talking this way. He understood her disliking him, if she knew about Marc and him, but he left, leaving them alone and didn't tried to contact them not even once. But her anger and disgust was on the deeper lever and he deserved an explanation. \"-Don't\", but Bettina cut him off, raising her hand up and shaking her head. \"-I don't even want to know\", she said angrily and Kay wondered what she meant. \"-It's freaking ironic that after all this drama, you and Marc still decided to broke up\", Bettina said angrily and Kay just gaped at her speechless, \"-But August is just a baby and I hope that he's being well taken cared for, eating much better than this shit\", Bettina added disgusted with one more look at his cart and quickly walking away to a suddenly opened cash register. Kay was left standing there frozen and speechless. Why would Bettina think that he and Marc were still together? It was a shock hearing that she knew in the first place; of course she wasn't blind so she had to find out at some point. But if Marc told her, didn't he tell her that they broke up? Marc was quite clear to him, about what he wanted- to get back his old life and be a family man, living in the lie. It hurt, badly, till to this day. Fuck, it was just four months ago. His chest was till ripped open and bleeding. Why Marc would break his heart, if he was going to leave Bettina anyway? It couldn't be that Marc asked him to leave, just because of Limpinski. Maybe Marc needed more time. But why wouldn't he contact him after he left Bettina, or maybe Bettina was the one to kick him out? Kay needed answers; he needed it to hear from Marc. Maybe he was risking getting his heart broken all over again, but he needed to know. Maybe they could give it another shot. Maybe Marc was just worried to contact him, thinking he wouldn't take him back, and who knows maybe if Marc would've showed up at his doors, yet again, like he did over and over again, maybe Kay would've kicked his ass and refused to listen to anything he had to say. But it wasn't like that, Marc didn't show up at his doors and Kay almost wanted to kick his ass for it. Not sure if Marc still lived in his house, Kay decided to check it out first in the database. He didn't wanted risking meeting Bettina yet again, or worse- Marc's parents. If lovely Bettina was this angry and ready to scalp him, he could only image the reaction he would get out of Marc's parents. And thank you very much, but he still wanted to be healthy and in one piece. Marc in dead had a new place in the city, a regular flat in one of many grey apartment buildings. Kay set in his car for at least fifteen minutes, just staring at the building and thinking what he might find, when he knocks on the doors. Since Kay saw Bettina alone in the grocery store, maybe it means that Marc is with a baby right now. He wasn't sure if Marc would like him to see him, or if Marc wanted to see him at all. Calling himself a pussy, Kay quickly got out of the car and getting in the building, ran the stairs up to the fifth floor. With a deep breath he knocked on the doors couple of times, to be heard perfectly. \"-Just a minute\", Marc's voice from the other side, caused his heart to hammer in his chest so fast and so loud, he thought that he might lose conscious. Doors opened a minute alter and Marc, dressed in a simple back t-shirt and grey sweatpants, stepped out with a mouth open to say something, but his words died on his lips, as soon as he saw Kay. \"-Hay Marc\", Kay said, guessing it might take a while till Marc gets back a gift of speaking, \"-Can we talk?\", he asks trying to fight his curiosity and not to glance inside the apartment, \"-Kay, what are you doing here?\", Marc asks instead, not sounding irritated at seeing him, just surprised, \"-I wanted to talk\", Kay says, admitting to himself, how freaking much he had missed Marc, those four months did nothing to lessen his feelings. \"-What about?\", Marc asks, sounding very surprised and confused. Kay can understand that, he too didn't think he would be showing up at his apartment, but he also didn't expect it be an apartment. \"-Can we talk inside?\", Kay asks and Marc furrows his eyebrows, obviously surprised by his request. But Kay didn't wanted to talk in the hallway, and just partly because someone might hear them. \"-Sure, come on in\", Marc finally offers standing back from the doors, after a long pause of silence. Kay quickly examines the small apartment, with the open kitchen joined together with the living room, white doors to a bathroom, slightly open doors to a bedroom and glass doors to a small balcony. The furniture is simple and old, probably rented out together with the apartment. Kay doesn't need to look hard for signs of the baby. There's a blue stroller standing by the couch, even with a baby inside, currently awake and playing with the toys hanging above his head. \"-Do you want anything to drink?\", Marc's voice brings him to the present and Kay turns to face him, founding him already in the kitchen area, putting away recently washed dishes with baby bottles among them. It's obvious he's avoiding him and Kay feels disappointed. \"-Just water\", Kay says, hoping that Marc would come closer for their talk. He watched Marc's every move, the way his arms moves and muscles flex, the way his sweatpants hangs low on his hips and his bare feet moves on the wooden parquetry, Walking back to Kay, Mark hands him a bottle of water and gestures to the couches to sit, choosing a place by the stroller for himself. Kay watches as Marc checks on his son and makes him laugh, he has to admit that fatherhood suits him well, adding one more reason to admire him and even making him that much sexier. \"-It suits you\", Kay says with a smile and Marc just looks at him perplexed, Kay is not sure if Marc appreciates the compliment. \"-You seem surprised to see me\", Kay says and Marc just stares at him shocked, for the obvious reasons. But Kay is interested to hear Marc's opinion. \"-Well, yeah…\" Marc trails of not finding the right words. \"-I thought you left\", Marc says not looking him in the eye and Kay founds difficult to read his mood. \"-I did. For a while\", Kay says and Marc finally looks up at him, \"-I was in the training camp\", Kay explains and for some reason Marc looks even more surprised. \"-I went by your apartment. It was empty\", Marc says silently, yet again avoiding looking anywhere close to him. Kay blinks at the information, wondering how long it too for Marc until he came back over, maybe even regretting for giving the key back. He wonders how Marc knew that the apartment was empty, the idea that maybe Marc kicked the doors out, he finds kind of romantic. \"-What for? You told me himself that I should move out, transfer to another job\", Kay says not really wanting to pour salt on the wound, but he has to know. Marc looks away quickly, but Kay was able to see a flash of guilt, a hint of regret and maybe even pain. Marc is silent for a long time and it angers Kay. \"-To apologies for what I said. The way I treated you\", Marc says very quietly, but the apartment is dead silent, accept for an occasional sound from a baby. \"-It was wrong to you and Bettina\", Marc adds looking up at his son. The mention of her name, reminds Kay why he came here. \"-Is that why you two broke up?\", Kay asks trying not to sound bitter, but simply curious, believing he has a right to know it. \"-How do you know that?\", Marc asks surprised and it angers Kay that Marc reacts so simply and emotionless, when he himself boils with emotions. \"-I've met her yesterday in the grocery store\", Kay explains searching Marc's face for reaction, \"-Is that why you're here?\", Marc asks curiously and Kay notices the quick flashes of guilt, hurt and disappointment, \"-She was shocked and even angry at the fact that we are not together\", Kay says noticing how hurt and guilt flashed strongly over Marc's features. Kay is not surprised seeing it, knowing that Marc never wanted to hurt Bettina, but it was unavoidable. \"-We never discussed it. I only told her, that we had a brief affair. Maybe she just thinks that you're reason why I moved out of the house\", Marc says looking at somewhere. And Kay agrees that it's a good guess, considering that Marc was building a life with Bettina in that house, with his parents as neighbors, but still, they are not together. \"-Why did you sold the house?\", Kay wonders, even if he can guess it well, \"-Didn't seem like a home anymore. I don't need that much of a place, since I only have August for every other weekend\", Marc says sadly as he glances at his son. Kay could image that it still hurt losing his family, even if he wasn't that happy in it. Kay just watches Marc, searching for what to say, not sure if mentioning them is a very good idea at the moment, but he also didn't wanted to leave just yet. The baby breaks the silent with a cry and Marc is fast to check on him, taking the baby in his arms and after checking the diaper, rocking in his arms. \"-I think he's hungry\", Marc says not looking at him and just walking to the kitchen. Kay watches from afar, before he decides to join the duo. Marc is warming up the mixture in the pot over the low heat with one hand, still holding the baby with the other, close to his chest. Kay's chest warms up with more feelings for Marc. \"-Do you need any help?\", Kay asks suddenly wishing to be a part of their lives. Marc looked up at him surprised and Kay hopes that Marc doesn't consider him a shallow club dancer. \"-I don't mind\", Kay reassures him and after a long look in tensed silent, Marc finally nods. \"-Would you rather heat the milk or hold the baby?\", Marc question warms Kay's heart at the realization that Marc would trust him with his son, \"-I'm not much of a cook\", Kay says the truth, since he secretly loved the kids. Marc smirks at his answer and stepping closer places the baby in his arms, \"-Don't forget to hold the head\", Marc reminds him, physically moving Kay's hands slowly to the positions that he wants them. \"-He likes to be rocket\", Marc adds when Kay securely holds the baby on his own, and slowly starts to sway. \"-It won't take long\", Marc adds, focusing back on the warming milk. Kay nods, hiding his wide smile behind the baby, slowly swaying to the imaginary music. He knows that baby takes a lot of time, cutting into your usual routine, but Kay wouldn't mind being August's third parent. The realization takes him by surprise and scares him a little, but he also can imagine that it would make him so much happier. He isn't sure how Marc would react to that, but he just has to risk and see. When the milk is warmed up, Marc takes back the baby and holding in his hands, he feeds him. Kay is sitting nearby on the couch watching the perfect image, deciding that he should wait with the conversation until the baby is fed and Marc didn't seem to mind, both enjoying, the comfortable moment of silence. It took only ten minutes until the baby was yet again dozing off in his stroller, with Marc gently rocking it back and forth. \"-I love kids\", Kay decided to say this fact about himself, in case Marc was wondering. He looked up Kay surprised, not by his statement, but that he decided to tell him. \"-Why are you telling me this?\", Marc asked quietly and they both looked each other in the eye. Kay recognized emotions running in those grey eyes and knew it was not easy for him, but Kay wasn't going to help him. This step was all up to Marc. \"-Kay...\", Marc started but trailed of, looking away. Kay recognized the struggle, with pursing lips, twitching cheeks and blinking eyes, it was Marc, trying not to cry. Kay saw it before, when Marc thought that he was sleeping with other people. It was the moment when Kay realized that Marc loved him, cause it never hurts this much without love. \"-Are… you saying…. that you would… take me back?\", Marc asked quietly and unsecure, even afraid to ask louder, not allowing himself to believe that it was possible. Kay waited until Marc looked him in the eye again, before saying anything, \"-I could consider giving you a chance\", Kay said, watching how Marc's eyes sparkled with hope. \"-If you wouldn't waist it and didn't expect me to always take you back\", Kay said seriously, really meaning it, he couldn't go thru that pain over and over again. Marc was nodding in understanding with tears threatening to split, \"-And you'd treat it like a real relationship. I'm not asking you to tell the whole town, but I'm done with the secret dates and loads of lying\", Kay added seriously, with Marc still nodding and biting his lips to prevent crying. \"-I'm not promising anything. But I'll try if you will\", Kay added one more time and smiled at Marc's quick nodding and happy tears. Raising his hand, Kay wiped away Marc's tears and pulled him in for a hug, which Marc met gratefully, with face pushed in Kay's neck and hands gripping tightly around Kay, like he was going to change his mind and leave him. Marc kept on crying, but Kay wasn't minding it at all, just glad to have him back. \"-If you would be able to stay quiet, maybe we could have some make up fun, before the baby wakes up\", Kay jokes up, even if Marc wasn't crying loudly, but it still makes the man to laugh and pull him even closer in, if that's even possible. They didn't have sex then, with the baby so close and easy to wake. But they did have a full make out session that left them fully satisfied, breathless, and deliriously happy. And as couple hours later Kay was dozing off for a rest in Marc's arms, he considered buying Bettina a good bottle of wine, but he doubted that she would be happy to find out that they got back together yet again. ","Summary":" Kay was walking in the grocery store, picking up some items into his cart, he just finished an extr"},{"Movie":"Free Fall Freier Fall","Title":"Protect and Serve","Author":"Missekatten","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10218094","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As usual, Kay stood waiting by his car when Marc pulled up, and as usual, he looked up and smiled. They had decided to go jogging before engaging in physical activities of another kind and the weather, which had been awful for weeks, was today in the best of spirits: high blue sky, warm sunlight and a faint breeze in the trees. Despite the weather though, and despite Kay's welcoming smile, Marc could not smile in return. \"What's happened to you?\" he asked as he stepped out of the car and locked it with a click, the happy prospect of going running with Kay wiped away with one look on the other man's face. \"And don't you dare say it's nothing.\" \"Aw, you care\" Kay said mockingly and warded off Marc's hand from touching the bruises that colored his cheekbone and jaw in nasty shades of black and blue. \"Of course I care\" Marc growled and tried once again to examine the injury. This time, Kay let him, wincing slightly as Marc traced the bruises with his fingertips. \"Who did this to you?\" \"Does it matter?\" Kay asked wryly. \"Anyway, you should see the other guy first, before you want to kick his ass.\" \"Oh really?\" Kay was quite the pacifist: he took beatings rather than handing them out. While he occasionally hit on people, Marc included, it was a rare thing to see him actually hit anyone – if he had indeed fought back, it was surprising. \"What does he look like then?\" Kay's smile grew big and wolfish. \"Fucking fantastic.\" One half second of silence, then Marc laughed. He shook his head, looked at Kay for some kind of affirmation and then shook his head again, chuckling. \"You're unbelievable\" he said. \"What? I'd say my credibility is unusually high, I've even got the bruises to prove it.\" Kay easily dodged the playful smack Marc aimed at the back of his head and dropped the cigarette butt to the ground where he crushed its smoldering embers with his sneaker. \"Don't worry\" he said and leaned off of his car. \"He was no match for you.\" He made as if to start jogging, but Marc caught his wrist and pulled him slightly back. \"Kay…\" He swallowed, trying words out in his mind but, failing to find good ones, settled for those that would at least still make sense. \"Don't get beaten up. Not from flirting with them. Please.\" \"Blaming the victim?\" Kay said, his voice light but the smile bleak. \"No. Just… be careful.\" Kay leaned in then and kissed him, a quick kiss, but lingering tenderly on Marc's lips. \"I'll try. Ready to go?\" \"Yeah.\" And off they went, speaking no more about the bruises or the reason behind them, but not forgetting them either. It was not the first time, nor the last, but Marc knew that if he ever saw someone attack Kay he would not be able to stand idly by – no matter the other guy's looks. After all, he did care. After all, protecting people from getting hurt was what he did, was the reason why he had joined the police in the first place. After all… He looked at Kay, one step ahead as usual, the bruised jaw clearly visible but the movements swift, strong, confident, as if unmoved, unbothered, by the hurt. \"You know who else looks fucking fantastic?\" he asked, and Kay turned around and ran backwards, wide grin all over his face. \"No\" he said, \"but I know someone who looks fantastic while fucking.\" They didn't make it back to the apartment. ","Summary":" As usual, Kay stood waiting by his car when Marc pulled up, and as usual, he looked up and smiled. "},{"Movie":"Free Fall Freier Fall","Title":"Over the threshold","Author":"Missekatten","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10212860","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" Now that Engel's gone... You haven't heard, have you?\" \" Engel's gone?\" \" He cleared out his locker and resigned. Personally I'm happy about it.\" Cleared out his locker – and not only that. To see the empty apartment had been like taking a hit to the stomach, hard and solid and reverberating throughout his body to the core of his soul. Kay was gone. Gone from the unit, gone from the department; he had removed himself from Marc and the absence was like a raw wound that refused to heal. There were, however, a number of advantages to being one of the boys in blue, and access to information was certainly one of them. All it took was some time and hardly any effort, and within minutes Marc had Kay's new address scribbled on a piece of paper. Easy as pie, but something he handled with as much care as if he had been entrusted with live explosives. He could not stay away, not for ever, not even for long. Even had he wanted to, there were amends to make and things to set right, and he did not want to stay away at all. He owed Kay an explanation, and an answer. It was a thirty minute drive and it had taken him over a month to follow through on it. Not even to himself could he blame Bettina and the baby, or even the work, but it was not until now that he had summoned up the willpower to actually take the steering wheel and begin what felt like the longest drive in Marc's entire life. As the suburban landscape changed beside the highway, thoughts and memories mingled in his mind and played themselves out, as if only a small part of him still sat in the car, switching lanes and at long last taking the right exit. The other, major part of him, was with Kay, in bed, watching as the early sun caressed the other man's pale skin, breathing the deep smell of musk and sweat and soap and remembering the small grimaces of equal amounts pain and ecstasy and utter surrender during the night. They were small things, such small things, and yet after having known them for less than a half year, they were achingly familiar and sorely lost. The neighborhood consisted mostly of apartment buildings, grey and square and almost entirely indistinguishable from one another. It took some time before Marc found the right building, but only minutes to find a parking spot and walk into the building complex. Kay's apartment was on the sixth floor, but Marc decided on the stairs rather than the elevator, wanting perhaps the possibility to turn around and walk away. He trod on however, step by step by step, hearing in memory Kay taunting him – Breathe evenly! Come on, keep up! Pussy! – until he reached the top floor and stepped onto the landing. There were four doors, three of them with labels that read Schneider, Kaufmann and Gruber . The fourth door sported the telltale edges of a label ripped away, announcing a recent shift in residency. Perhaps Kay did not want to be found. Too bad Marc needed to find him. He rang the doorbell without further thought, without giving himself time to question his actions once again. There would be no more turning back. Apparently, there would be no answering of the door, either. Everything was silent from the other side of the door. Marc pressed the doorbell again. It was Saturday, well past noon. There was no reason for Kay to be anywhere else, and to Marc's knowledge few other places where he might be. Muffled sounds of footsteps could be discerned from beyond the door and Marc's stomach knotted itself tight as the door was opened and Kay appeared. Kay. Hair still cropped short, a bristly stubble on his cheeks. He must have just gotten out of bed because there were still the soft imprints of bed-sheet creases on his skin and he looked annoyed – an expression which did not change overmuch as he saw Marc. He was clearly not very happy to see Marc standing there and while it was quite understandable, it was regrettable. It was also quite clear that Marc would not be invited to come inside. Marc had always been aware of the power and symbolism of doorsteps. They were the difference between polite and intimate, public and private. Standing in the stairwell, he was on the wrong side of the border, and if he ever wanted to cross it again, he had better give the best explanation he could possibly articulate. He had never received good grades in Rhetoric. \"What do you want Marc?\" Kay's voice was deep and raw from sleep, not angry or vicious thankfully, but tired, and that, Marc feared, not from sleep at all. He bit back on the automatic response, the \" what do you think I'm doing here?\", a response born from years of inquisition at family dinners or coming home later than agreed upon. That was not how this would play out. \"I wanted to see you\" he said, feeling – not for the first time during their acquaintance – rather pathetic. He had always thought of himself as confident until he met Kay. \"And apologize.\" \"I don't want to hear your excuses.\" \"But I need to say them.\" Kay's eyes met his then, for the first time really met them, as he leaned there on the doorframe, using his body to block the small opening into the new life he had created without Marc. Was that a fading bruise on his cheek or just a trick of the light, a reimagined memory? He wanted to reach out his hand and find out. \"I'm sorry, Kay. For how I behaved, for what I said and what I did. All of it. I was confused and scared and I hurt a lot of people. And I think, mostly, I hurt you. I didn't want to do that.\" These were not words meant to be spoken in a stairwell, but if he did not say them now, they would never be spoken at all. \"You turned my world upside down, Kay. And you put up with me, though I don't know how you did it.\" \"You should go back to her Marc.\" \"Wha-\" \"To Bettina.\" The pale blue eyes were calm. \"She's at home, waiting for you, isn't she? She and your kid. Go back to her.\" Kay took a step back and closed the door, but not fast enough. \"Marc, take your foot away.\" Anger in his voice now, or was it frustration? There was no way in hell Marc would let him close that door now. \"No. No, Kay, please listen to me. What I did to you and Bettina was wrong and I'm not asking you to take me back, but I need to tell you that I couldn't go back. It didn't work.\" That attracted some attention at least, and the pull on the door stopped. \"What?\" \"It didn't work, for her or me. We weren't happy. We split up.\" Silence now, aside from the whirr of the elevator, working slowly upward through the building. \"You're shitting me.\" \"No.\" Marc did not dare hope that what he saw in Kay's eyes then was hope or even sadness, but they were searching him all the same. It seemed like forever until Kay spoke again, his voice softer now but still hesitant. \"What are you saying then? What do you want?\" \"First, I wanted to tell you how sorry I am. Then, I wanted to see you. See that you were okay. Third… If I could go back and do it all over again, I would never return your key. But I can't go back, I can only tell you about it. And now I have.\" \"Now you have.\" The whirring of the elevator was closer now, probably headed for this floor. Time to back away and leave then – this was not a public spectacle after all. \"It was… good, seeing you again.\" He took a step backwards as he spoke and turned to the stairs then. He had taken two steps down when he felt a hand on his shoulder and stopped, turned halfway back again. There was still not the slightest clue in Kay's face what he thought or felt, and his hand fell from Marc's shoulder almost immediately, but he said: \"I'm not taking you back. I'm giving you another chance. Come inside.\" \"You'll let me?\" He was surprised, but also tentative, but Kay had turned around and walked back to the apartment door. \"Yes. Now come on or stay there.\" \"Really?\" \" Yes . Pussy.\" Marc smiled. \"Thank you.\" ","Summary":" \" Now that Engel's gone... You haven't heard, have you?\" \" Engel's gone?\" \" He cleared out his"},{"Movie":"Free Fall Freier Fall","Title":"Perfect Friday Nights","Author":"Missekatten","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10232486","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Perfect Friday Nights \"I'm sorry, I'll probably be stuck here for another hour at least.\" \"And the new shift can't take care of it?\" \"You know they can't. Do you want me to call Bettina and-\" \"No\" Kay sighed and rubbed his forehead with his thumb and forefinger, then lowered the hand to his mouth and took another pull off the cigarette before putting it out and flicking the butt over the edge of the balcony railing. \"No, it's okay.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah, just hang up the phone, get the work done and get back here.\" \"Copy that.\" Obviously they both knew that police work was no ordinary nine-to-five-gig, but there were certainly times when Kay wished it was. Now was one of those times. He fished out his packet of cigarettes to light a new one, but the doorbell rang. Punctual as ever. The packet went into the pocket again. \"Hello Bettina\" he greeted the woman as he opened the apartment door, \"hi there, August. Your daddy isn't home yet.\" \"Where is he?\" \"On his way. He was delayed at work.\" She eyed him suspiciously and seemed reluctant to put her one-year-old down on the floor, despite his sprawling and kicking in her arms. Kay could understand that reluctance to a certain extent, and did not blame her for it. It was a mother's privilege to decide whom to trust her offspring with, and to leave August with the man his father had left his mother for… Even so, it was Friday night and she was all made up and in nice clothes. \"You have a date?\" he asked, and was happy for her. \"Yes.\" The reply was instant, not a hint of surprise but not of defensiveness either. See, this was why he rather liked Bettina, despite their differences. Straightforward, she was. \"We're going to the movies and then to Dreiberg's.\" \"That's nice.\" \"I could make rearrangements\" she said, still holding on the wrapped up child in her arms who had momentarily given up the struggle to get down. \"I'm sure you could, but there's no need. Honestly, Bettina. Your date awaits. August and I will be alright until Marc gets back, won't we August?\" The boy nodded, though Kay suspected it was more due to his tone of voice rather than from understanding the question. \"Okay then\" she said and set her son on the floor. \"Bye darling, be nice.\" Finally released, the boy tottered off into the apartment and Kay took the overnight bag from Bettina's hand. \"Is it really okay?\" she asked then. \"Yeah.\" \"Well, I'll see you Sunday then.\" \"Yeah. Good luck with the date.\" \"Thanks. Good luck with the rug rat.\" They smiled at each other, nodded, and then Kay closed the door. Leaning back against it, he closed his eyes momentarily. That had gone far better than he had imagined. He and Marc had been back together for about half a year and lived together only half that time. Marc had custody of August three days per week, though usually not weekends, and while Kay had spent quite a lot of meals and mornings with the kid, he had never during those three months been alone in receiving him. Marc took care of that. But meeting and talking with Bettina had not been so awkward after all. That was a relief. He opened his eyes and caught sight of the child who sat on the floor and examined a shoe from the shoe rail. \"Okay kid\" he said, squaring his shoulders at the task, \"let's get you out of those burly clothes.\" The \"one hour at least\" proved to be a good two hours and Marc felt sufficiently drained when he turned his key in the lock of the door and entered the apartment that he had shared with Kay for the past three months. He entered as quietly as he could, shucked of his jacket and unlaced his shoes. The living room area was to the left of the hallway and sneaking to the doorway he could look in on the scene. The TV was on, but no one was watching the show, the muffled sound merely background noise to the reading of a bedtime-story. Kay's voice was soft and low and he caught Marc's glance without breaking off on the reading for even a moment. August did not notice his father's homecoming though, sleep-heavy eyes trying to focus on the illustrated pages in front of him. He was in his pajamas, teddy hugged close to his body and nestled in the crook of Kay's arm. Just another minute and he would definitely be asleep. Marc went to the kitchen and took a beer from the refrigerator. It had been a long day and the attempted robbery with its following aftermath of questioning and report-writing had been thoroughly exhausting. Out in the living room, Kay stopped reading, and Marc took another bottle from the refrigerator. August was asleep, as predicted, chubby cheeks rosy and mouth slightly open. He looked comfortable enough where he was, so Marc sat down on Kay's other side and gave him the beer and a kiss. \"Hey\" he said, \"how's it been?\" \"Full action nonstop\" Kay replied and smiled before taking a sip of his beer. \"We had some sandwiches after the building blocks and then he nodded off pretty soon.\" \"Thank you.\" \"It was nothing.\" \"Yes, it was. Babysitting isn't something you signed up for and I know this isn't your idea of a good Friday night, so yeah, it was something.\" Kay gave Marc a queer look and then shook his head as he took another healthy swig from the bottle. Then he glanced at the toddler still nested in the crook of his arm. \"I did sign up for it\" he said, his eyes now on Marc again. \"That was why we moved here, right?\" They had started talking about living together a few months into their rekindled relationship. The only problem was that while he and Kay could live in Kay's new apartment with one room and a kitchenette, he and Kay and sometimes August could not. Marc's house was never an option, both because of his previously living there with Bettina and because of his parents living next door. Finding a good place to live had taken some time and effort, but never, never, had Kay said anything about not wanting August there. Not that he had really said anything about particularly wanting him there, either. \"You know what I mean.\" \"No, I don't. Marc, August isn't a burden you've laid on me. I chose this myself.\" But had he really had a choice? If Kay had ever voiced feelings of being against August's presence, their relationship would have definitely been over. Was it really that foolish of Marc to feel that he had somehow pressed Kay into an all but normal family life? It was only a year ago he had left Bettina as that sort of life began to form, and now he was here with Kay, whose life without strings attached had been so tempting then? \"And as for my idea of a good Friday night\" Kay continued, perhaps imagining the thoughts crossing Marc's mind, because his voice was a bit softer now, \"I like this. I've had a good evening with August and now that you're here it's even better. There are other nights for clubbing.\" \"Oh, don't talk about clubs, please\" Marc said, grimacing. \"Can you imagine trying to rob a club at five in the afternoon?\" \"They really did that?\" Kay laughed. \"Either they were extremely stupid or extremely desperate.\" \"Both, I think. Worst part was that the staff hadn't even brought out the change to the cashier, so there wasn't a single euro to be had.\" \"Crime of the year, right there.\" \"Yeah…\" Marc felt positively deflated, but instead of sinking deeper into the sofa like he wanted to, he braced himself and got up. \"I'll… put him to bed.\" \"Go ahead.\" So Marc got up and lifted his son from the couch, the small form warm and soft against his chest as he carried him into the small bedroom. There, he kissed the boy's head and put him into the bed, tucked the blanket over him and put the teddy within reach in one of the corners. He stood there for some time, perhaps only a minute, perhaps longer, and watched the child in the bed. Then, shaking his head as if to clear it, he went out of the room and, leaving its door ajar, returned to the living room. Kay was still in the sofa and the sound of the TV was turned up a bit, but he did not seem to be very involved with the show. Marc stopped in the doorway, leaning against its frame. Tired as he was, he felt also content and at peace, and very, very thankful. Kay looked up at him with a smile and patted the sofa cushion, and Marc obediently went over. \"Thank you\" he said again as he sat down, and as Kay raised his eyebrows enquiringly, added: \"For what you said.\" Kay smiled and shook his head dismissively. \"Don't worry about it. Now…\" He sat up and then climbed onto Marc's lap, the heat and weight of his body suddenly very close and his kiss hot and tender all at once. \"Now, do you feel like having some grown-up fun before I put you to bed?\" \"Yes, please. The TV was still on, the volume still set low but it felt strangely loud – perhaps because of the lack of heavy breathing and other sounds of pleasure which had only just ceased to fill the room. Kay's breath was warm and humid and his wolf grin audible as he leaned forward and nibble on Marc's earlobe. \"See?\" he said, voice rich with satisfaction, as a cat who had feasted on cream, \"this is my idea of a perfect Friday night.\" ","Summary":" Perfect Friday Nights \"I'm sorry, I'll probably be stuck here for another hour at least.\" \"And t"},{"Movie":"Free Fall Freier Fall","Title":"Second chance","Author":"MichelleHuddy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12188924","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Two years. It's already been two years and Marc still found himself remembering Kay Engel, it's just recently he finally found peace with the idea that he won't forget him that easily. After the first few months, since Kay left, he was thinking about him constantly, no matter what he was doing, his whole life reminded him about the beautiful man with the big blue eyes, who turned his life upside down. With time, he found himself, thinking about Kay, less and less, but never gone completely. Marc asked himself why he couldn't forget about him or the time they spend together and decided on couple of reasons. One, being that Kay was the first man; he had kissed or experienced new undiscovered emotions and pleasures. They say you always remember your first. Second, because of Kay, his world was turned upside down, he wasn't living the life he thought he would, and the image of his perfect family life in the suburbs was destroyed. And what's more, he was ok with that, not regretting it or wishing to get that life back. Of course he wished it could've been less painful, less destructive, less confusing and without all those hurtful lies. Third, he is feeling terrible guilty about how he hurt Kay, the way he talked to him and treated him, how terribly selfish he was with him. Most of all he wished to tell him how terribly sorry he is. Thinking that the third reason is the most important, Marc made peace that he'll always remember Kay and think of him constantly, at least, until he'll finally apologies and the guilt lessens. He thought about contacting Kay many times, with the police resources he had easily found Kay's new workplace and the address of his apartment. But when he finally had that information he didn't found courage to actually use that. Many times he had wanted to just call ort just drive up here, but he had always chickened out, thinking that Kay wouldn't like to see him or hear his apology. And he was also too nervous to see him, not sure what he would do, say or react, when they're finally meet face to face. He didn't want to see the anger, hate or hurt in Kay's eyes. He was scared to see the love vanished from his eyes, but even more than that, he was afraid of the opposite. He was terrified to find Kay still loving him, still caring for him, lusting for him. Then guilt would eat him alive. Cause he didn't deserve that. He deserved to be hated and forgotten, just like Kay deserved to move on and found someone who would love him and cherish him, like Marc failed to do. Marc sighed as he continued driving his car towards the unknown town. He needed a fresh start. New life in the new town, new workplace with the new coworkers, new neighbors, new bars and the new relationships. He wasn't sure if he was ready for a new relationship or even to date. But it had been two years. Two years, since Kay left and since he broke up with the Bettina. He obviously sucked at the relationships, being a selfish liar. But Bettina managed to move on, finally going on the serious dates, and Marc was sure that Kay wasn't single either. Even if he didn't have a serious boyfriend, he probably still found company from time to time, someone to dance with, someone to warm his bed, and eventually someone to warm his heart. Marc didn't want to think about it, but it was the reality. He needed to finally move on. He couldn't stay living in the same house or even stay working in the same place. New training programs helped a lot, selling a house too, but he still felt stuck and suffocating. Having a son, he couldn't move away that far, even if wasn't allowed to see his son that very often, he still needed to be in a reaching distance. A new job offer was like a blessing from the sky. He didn't hesitate, quickly making the arrangement, not caring if his parents, friends or Bettina didn't understand. There was no guarantee that he could finally breathe in his new apartment or in his new job, no guarantee that he wouldn't want to drink himself unconscious every night or throw himself into work to make himself too busy to think. No guarantee that he would forget Kay or feel ready to date someone new. But he finally felt something that he hasn't felt in a long time- Hope. With the bag over his shoulder Marc was led down the corridor, buy his new commander, to meet his new coworkers. The memory of Kay being introduced to his team, involuntarily crossed his mind and Marc closed his eyes tightly for a second, trying to forget it. But the memory wasn't fading, he was shaken with the shock he felt, when he suddenly saw Kay entering their meeting. Feeling fear, confusion and excitement at seeing Kay, so strongly that he was breathless just remembering it. Marc shook his head trying to focus as he was finally led thru the doors to meet the new team. He was still recovering from the memory as he raised his head and quickly looked around the guys in the room, while his commander introduced him as the new member. Suddenly he froze, desperately trying to keep on breathing as his eyes landed on none other but Kay Engel himself. He couldn't help but stare, too shocked to care if he was being too obvious. But his mind just couldn't focus, his eyes danced over the familiar features, the same big blue eyes, full raspberry lips, light stubble and the blond, shortly cut hair. Marc tried to breathe evenly, but it just raised yet another memory to the surface. Breathe evenly pussy. Was it really him? Was it really Kay Engel, sitting in the class among ten other police officers of his new team, staring right back at him, with the same shocked expression as his own? Marc finally had to snap out of his trance as his commander led him out of the room to the locker room, where he could put down his stuff. He could feel himself shaking as he unpacked his bag. Had it really just happened? Was he really working yet again in the same team as Kay? He didn't know what to think, he didn't knew how he can handle it. All this time, he thought about contacting Kay to apologies, thinking he might never see Kay ever again. And then this happens. Marc wondered what Kay was thinking, was he really just as shocked and shaken up to see him after all this time as he was? Does Kay thinks, he did it on purpose? Acting on the same move to be closer to Kay, like he did almost three years ago? Marc focused on the task at hand, thinking only about the work, that he couldn't have any free time to think about Kay or what he's going to say to him, when they finally have a chance to speak privately. No, he couldn't think about that. So he focused on work, barely looking at or even acknowledging the other guys. He couldn't even look at the side where Kay was, even if he felt en urge to do it. All of his instincts, senses and brain cells were screaming at him to look at Kay, to talk to him or just be closer. But Marc was good at denying himself what he wanted. He did it for years, avoiding any man, avoiding Kay, forcing himself to be with Bettina, talking himself into that it's what he wanted. He spent days at nights with Bettina, while wishing to be with Kay, so it was easy to ignore his senses and not to glance at Kay, not even once. But as they finished working and were getting ready to leave in their locker room, Marc finally allowed himself to look at Kay. He didn't allow his eyes to wander and travel over his magnificent body or beautiful face, cause he had no right and he also didn't deserve it, not just to touch but also to admire with his look. Marc looked over the room, noticing that other guys are leaving faster and it present a time to stay alone with Kay. So he slows down getting ready and keeps glancing at Kay, hoping he would sense it and would chose to stay behind. It crossed Marc's mind that Kay might not want to stay alone with him, talk to him or listen what he's got to say. But if they're going to work together, they had to do it, rather sooner than later. Glancing at him yet again, Marc noticed Kay just standing there and staring inside his locker, maybe deciding to stay or not. He holds his breath while waiting for the Kay's mental verdict. \"-Kay, you're going?\", a tall brunet suddenly asks and Marc quickly looks over him with the different eyes, trying to see if maybe he's more than just Kay's friend. But he has no gaydar and the unexpected jealousy starts gnawing at his insides. \"-Yeah, I'll be in a minute\", Marc breathes out as Kay dismisses the guy, until they're finally left alone, and he yet again has to focus on his breathing. Finally they face each other across the room, staring at the familiar face, familiar eyes, trying to read each other's moods and emotions. Marc is terrified to analyze Kay deeper, afraid what he might or might not see. \"-What are you doing here Marc?\", Kay is first to break the silence, sounding irritated and not happy at all to see his ex-lover and fellow officer. \"-I'm not here because of you, if that's what you are asking\", Marc feels like he had to explain, but as it left his mouth, it sounded all wrong. \"-I mean I thought you were working in Ludwigsburg\", Marc quickly adds but for some reason it doesn't really help. \"-I was, left it three months ago. What are You doing here?\", Kay says, sounding annoyed and Marc tries not to flinch, he had never seen or heard Kay being so cold, \"-I needed a change. Limpinski was even more of an ass, and my parents always intruding\", Marc explained with a smirk, for some reason hoping to get a smile out of Kyle too, but he just stared at him with the same cold unaffected expression which felt like punch to a stomach. \"-I actually wanted to contact you, but I just wasn't sure if you would like to hear from me\", Marc said after Kyle said nothing and the awkward silence crept in. \"-What for?\", Kyle asked still sounding irritated and Marc almost gasped how much it hurt, \"-To apologies. For the way I acted, the way I treated you. It was selfish of me. Neither you nor Bettina deserved that\", Marc explained trying to show how sincere he was. He wasn't sure what reaction he expected out of Kay, but he was still disappointed. Kay just nodded at him, showing he heard him, but not necessarily understood or accepted his apology. Marc wanted to ask how he can earn his apology, but he was afraid of the answer, believing that Kay would ask him to leave and never show his face again or something equally painful. Maybe Marc didn't planned their meeting to go like this or to work in the same place, but since they do now, Marc didn't wanted to leave and never see Kay ever again. \"-I hope we can work together\", Marc asked, not risking to ask for his friendship, cause honestly, he wasn't sure if he would be able to be only Kay's friend. \"-I'll see you around then\", Kay finally said, the same emotionless, before picking up his bag and leaving without a second glance. Marc just watched him leaving, not sure how to read him. Maybe Kay just moved on, forgetting about him and not having any lingering feelings left. Or maybe he was still hurting and Marc's sudden appearance opened the wounds. Working with Kay seemed to be more stressful and difficult than Marc had expected. Back then, in the past, Marc had managed to focus on his work and almost pretend that Kay wasn't there, but now it appeared to be way harder. He still cared about his job and he tried to do it as best as possible, he still cared what other's thought, not wanting to appear weak and came out as gay. But for some reason, just Kay's present in the same room, caused troubles in his focus, making it hard to think clearly and just breathe evenly. The fact that breathing always brought back the memory of Kay ( Breathe evenly, pussy ) didn't help at all. So he started drinking again. Only after work and in his days of, so he wouldn't show up drunk or hangover at work. But day after day it was getting worse. He tried getting some extra work, covering for his coworkers if needed, but the new team didn't know him or trusted him enough. So he spend his free time by driving back home to see his son, even if Bettina didn't allow him to show up on the days they haven't agreed upon, but Marc hoped to see them in the park or in the backyard, feeling like some creep stalker. Kay's cold shoulder and acting like he didn't know Marc, or he didn't even exist, made it all worse. He wasn't sure what he expected, he knew it was a slim chance of them becoming friends, since Marc didn't wanted that either. But he expected something. At least the acknowledge that they knew each other. Other team mates didn't help either. They were all friends with Kay and since he ignored Marc, the guys decided to do it too. Marc doubted that Kay told them anything, not the truth for sure, but maybe only his cold blank look was enough. One night, deciding that he needed some kind of distraction, or at least to leave his small cold apartment, Marc found a gay bar, not far away. He wasn't sure why he decided to drive up there; he wasn't looking for a company, still not being able to handle man's touch that wasn't Kay's. Surely not to dance, he was never into that dancing and he also wasn't in the mood for that. The place was small and dark, with the bar area, small dance floor and a spacious bathroom, since it was a main reason why the guys showed up there- seeking some action. Marc was not one of them. After a quick look around, he settled on the bar stool not even glancing at the dancing men. After his second scotch Marc was thinking about leaving, since he was still not in the mood for dancing or seeking company, when suddenly someone bumped into him, quite roughly. \"-Hey, look were you're going…\",Marc said turning to face the guy, but his words suddenly died on his lips when he saw a man standing next to him- Kay. \"-I'm sorry man\", the guy with long blond hair in his twenties told him and Marc tried not to think, who he was, and if he's more than just a friend or a dance partner to Kay, \"-Marc. What are you doing here?\", Kay suddenly asked and his friend glanced between them, \"-You two know each other?\", the guy asked and it showed that he was not just a stranger for a night, \"-We work together\", Kay decided to explain and Marc felt jealousy burning painfully in his chest. It didn't occur to him that Kay might be in the bar or that he might have a boyfriend. \"-Hay, I'm Sam\", the guy extended his hand smiling friendly and Marc tried to remember how to breath, totally ignoring the extended hand at him. Any other day he would recognize that he was being rude and it just showed how affected he was, but in that moment he couldn't even care. \"-I was just having a drink. But I was already leaving. I'll see you at work\", Marc murmured under his breath, suddenly avoiding to look at Kay or his friend. He needed air. He needed to escape. Grabbing his jacket he quickly hurried out, trying not to run like a coward and jealous ex, which he totally was. That night Marc got totally drunk back at his place and even got to call in sick, since he would be too hangover to work. He knew it would be an obvious sign to Kay, how affected Marc was, that he couldn't even come into work. But since Kay had ignored him all this time, he might not even notice. And it actually hurt even more. Lying across his mattress with the splitting headache, Marc finally admitted to himself how much he missed Kay, how much he still cared for him and wanted him. Two years later Marc was yet again reminded of that excruciating pain, when he found Kay's apartment cleared out. He thought he could do it, be around him, work with him, and see him every day, without a permission to touch, to kiss, and to see his smile. But it seems like wasn't strong enough. Now at work Marc was too avoiding Kay. And it was almost too easy to do it. He volunteered for extra work, to work with different teams and different tasks. If needed he left early or stayed behind, just to avoid Kay, just to be as far as possible. The team didn't ask questions, maybe Kay gave them some kind of explanation, or maybe guys just decided not to get involved in some silent war. It still hurt, even more than before, it was still hard to focus and hard to breath, his heart still hammered in his chest and he still got totally drunk when he came back home. After a very successful mission the whole team decided to go out for a celebration. Of course marc wasn't in them mood but he could at least try to get to know the guys and become a part of their group. Besides there will be a bar and he could at least spend a couple of hours nursing some drinks. They decided on a bowling bar, where would be plenty of other people and Marc might even try to ignore Kay. They split in two teams since there were too many of them to sit around together and play in the same alley. Of course Marc accidentally happened to play on the different team than Kay. But they were still close enough and Marc was too aware of Kay's voice as he chatted with teammates or laughed together on some jokes. It didn't help that Kay happened to be perfect in bowling, shooting strike after strike, receiving applause and compliments for his skills. And Marc saw only one option- to numb himself with alcohol. Starting with beer and eventually switching it with scotch. It started to affect his game, not that he was that good to begin with. After his first scotch, when his hands started to shake and he barely could walk in straight, the guys asked him to step aside and vacate his chair for a better player. He didn't mind, actually quite glad to have a reason and excuse to leave. He decided to finish his second scotch at the bar, before leaving. He didn't have anything to drink at home, and no one would sell alcohol to a drunkard. Marc was paying for his drinks and trying to put on his jacket when one of his coworkers show up by his side. \"-Easy man\", Oliver grabbed on his shoulders, helping him to stand still, \"-I'm fine\", Marc growled pushing him away and stepping from a bar, \"-You can barely stand, let me help you\", Oliver insisted holding him around his waist and leading him outside. Being a bit taller and bulkier than Marc, he was basically carrying him outside. \"-Why did you decided to drink this much in the first place?\", Oliver asked as they finally exited outside, of course Marc wasn't going to answer him, being this drunk he couldn't make up a proper lie. \"-Is this because of Kay?\", Marc quickly looked up at Oliver, trying to read if he knew anything, or if he was just guessing. \"-Look, I'm not blind. There's obviously a black cat that crossed between you two\", Marc stayed silent while Oliver set him on a nearby bench, that he could call a cab for him. \"-I know about what Kay is\", suddenly Oliver said and his voice made Marc to stare at him curiously. There was no need to explain; even drunk Marc understood what he meant. \"-Is that what this is?\", Oliver asked and Marc almost laughed, if he would decide to came out as gay, it wouldn't be like this. \"-Are you homophobic?\", Oliver suddenly asked and Marc almost choked in shock. That was the last thing he needed, to be mistaken up with someone like Limpinski. \"-No\", he just said firmly, but he wasn't going to explain. Even if Oliver was ok with homosexuals, Marc wasn't going to tell him his tragic love story. \"-Well, whatever it is, you need to cut it out and make truce. We are on the same team and we need to depend on each other\", Oliver said seriously and Marc knew he was right. \"-Just be a man and do what you have to\", Oliver added before helping him to get in a cab and waved goodbye. Marc sighed resting his head on the seats and wishing it would be this easy. Marc tried to become more social and friendly, he started to chat with his teammates and even spend some of his free time together. He was still not a part of their group like others, but he tried to become a part of their conversations and jokes and even drink less, at least in their present. Of course he still avoided Kay, kind of like those two years ago, but he did his best. One Friday the guys were celebrating the fact that one of their teammates becomes a father, just like he had celebrated the birth of his own son. \"-Marc, do you have kids?\", one guy asked, since Marc avoided sharing the facts about his personal life, \"-Yeah, I have a son August. He had recently turned two\", Marc admitted without any enthusiasm, hoping that they won't ask any more questions. Explaining why he had never married Bettina always turned out to be tricky and awkward. Maybe because he was always trying to make up a lie. \"-So you have to come with us then\", the guys decided not taking no for an answer as they planned a trip to a local bar. Marc just nodded with a tight smile. If he wanted to become a part of their group he had to put more effort in it. Couple hours in a local bar, where he could allow himself a bottle of beer didn't sound that horrible. He was seated between couple of guys around the big table, nursing a bottle of cheap beer, listening to a very manly conversation about woman, cars, sports and their police work. It was worse than it sounded. He had promised to stay for at least couple of hours, but he was going crazy after the first half an hour and he couldn't even join a darts game, since Kay was there with Oliver and couple other guys. \"-So Marc, do you have a woman?\", the guys asked as they chatted about their wives and girlfriends, \"-No, not at the moment\", Marc said, hoping they would hear his unwillingness to talk, \"-And what about the mother of your child?\", but unfortunately they didn't. \"-Seems like having a child together is not a big reason enough for a marriage\", Marc said dryly, finishing up his beer. He promised not to drink too much, but if they would continue to these subjects he might not fulfill his promise. \"-So you are enjoying your single life then? Picking up different chicks?\", the guys laughed, since some of them had a lot more to drink, \"-Not really my style\", Marc commented under his breath, his thoughts drifting up to Kay, how he probably spend his free time in the clubs dancing, getting high and picking up the guys. Unless he had a boyfriend, like that guy Sam, spending their time together, dancing, getting high, fucking like animals. The image gripped painfully on Marc's chest. \"-Don't be so modest. Single, young, good looking, a police officer. Chicks dig into that. You'd be a full not to use that\", the guys joke around, since all of them were taken and could only dream to be like Marc. Accept Marc himself wouldn't mind to be in a relationship, preferably with Kay. \"-Yeah, I guess so\", Marc nodded, not really in the mood to disagree and destroy the guy's perfect image of him. For some reason he decided to glance up at the darts area, wanting to see Kay, but as he raised his head, he was shocked to see Kay standing right by their table, listening to their conversation, and even looking at Marc. His heart hammered in his chest quickly, sounding too loud in his ears. \"-So who wants another drink? The next round is on me\", Marc offered cheerfully and the guys agreed enthusiastically, clapping on his back and raising their glasses in salute. Marc was just looking for an excuse to get away, especially from Kay. He was hoping he won't decide to follow him, even if it was not very likely, since Kay liked to avoid Marc as much as he did. Getting to the bar, he ordered drinks for his teammates and got himself a glass of scotch, needing to numb himself before he could came back to the table. He hoped not to meet Kay's eyes yet again, and not to see him at all, cause then Marc would have to get more than one drink or even find and excuse for leaving. \"-Maybe you should slow down\", Marc didn't have to face him to know it was Kay, even in the loud bar he could hear his voice loud and clear. Afraid that he might snap at Kay for no reason, accept that he's existing, Marc decided to stay silent. \"-So will you just keep ignoring me?\", Kay asked and Marc couldn't understand his sudden change of heart. He couldn't think about it, he couldn't handle analyzing it and make any kind of conclusions, \"-You were doing the great job of pretending I don't exist yourself\", Marc snapped while paying for the drinks and trying to get away from him as fast as possible, \"-Look, we are working together. We could try to be frie…\", Marc angrily snarled at Kay, before he could even finish his sentence. His blood was boiling in anger, hurt, jealousy and earning, \"-Friends? Did you really just offered us to be friends?\", Marc sneered darkly as he stepped closer to Kay, wanting to be intimidating and threatening, but it just caused Marc's heart to beat faster and his breathing to hitch. There in the middle of dimly lit bar, wearing dark t-shirt and a brown leather jacket, standing so close that Marc could count his long blond eyelashes, Kay looked impossibly beautiful. He was suddenly so overwhelmed by Kay's closeness and how attractive he looked; he couldn't decide what he wanted to do more- to hit him or to kiss him. \"-I don't want to be friends\", Marc said trying to sound cold, angry and irritated as much as possible, but he was almost sure that he failed. Grabbing a tray from the bar, he quickly took the drinks to his teammates, and stammering an excuse that he needed a cigarette he quickly stepped outside. But as he light his cigarette he didn't stopped by the trashcan, but kept on walking and walking, trying to calm his nerves and forget Kay, his big blue eyes, his full raspberry lips, his short blond hair, his light stubble and his hard body. Marc was going crazy. His head was dizzy and his chest hurt thinking of Kay, he didn't wanted to but he was drowning how much he missed him, his touches, his kisses, his lips, hands and body. It hurt how much he wanted him but knew full well that he can't and probably never will. Tears welled up in his eyes as he dialed a number of an escort company, ordering a girl for a night. He knew well that she won't satisfy the need that he felt and won't give him a pleasure that he seeks. But she might stop him from thinking of Kay and it was good enough. The girl was great, young and beautiful, with almond eyes, luscious blond hair, curvy body and sexy voice. Three years ago he would've been blown away by her beauty and skills, now it was kind of sad and disappointing. Because as Marc finally fall onto his bed, totally wasted and still breathless after fucking, Kay was still the only one he could see, when he closed his eyes. A day later, when Marc showed up work, he was fighting a slight hangover, not that big to be obvious or cutting into his work. He had stopped at the pharmacy before coming into work to buy some pills, but his headache wasn't going away and his eyes were still sensitive to the light. If it would've happened couple months or weeks ago, he would've worked as usually and no one would've told the difference. But now the guys were surrounding him, asking for his excuse why he disappeared so suddenly the other night, and noticing his not full heath, asking him about it, being concerned and worried. On top of that Kay decided to forget his usual ignoring tactic and stared at him the whole day, wherever it be across the room or across the town square. Marc needed space away from Kay, now more than ever, since he was so suddenly reminded how much he missed the other man, and how much he still wanted him. He didn't wanted to hurt Kay any more, but if he'll have to be rough and cruel to get rid of his staring look and sudden wish to be friends, he won't have any other choice. He deliberately stayed behind, wanting everyone to leave early, especially Kay. Dallying getting ready, he was on purpose the last one to get into showers, seeing Kay naked, was the last thing he needed right now. And besides with his weaken state, he didn't really trust himself not to get a boner even for his other teammates, even if he wasn't attracted to them sexually. Marc was seriously considering transferring back to his old job or start looking for a new one. Beings as fucked up as he was, he probably would regret it very quickly, missing Kay, wanting to see him, even if right now he was doing everything to avoid him. His hair was still damp from the shower, as he was dressing in the locker room, looking forward to come back home and get drunk yet again. Usually he would be driving home today to see his son, but since the last time he was slightly hangover, Bettina decided to cut down this one visit, hoping it would be a good enough punishment for him to stop drinking this much. Unfortunately Marc didn't have that much faith in himself, even if his son was the only one he had on this earth. \"-Did you finally sober up?\", a sudden voice took him by surprise, but Marc had enough will power not to turn around and face Kay's disappointed and angry expression, that he knew he wore. Marc grid his teeth, holding himself back from an angry comeback. \"-You're not gonna say anything?\", Kay asked yet again and Marc tried really hard to ignore him, \"-Oh, that's right. We're not friends\", Kay said sarcastically and Marc yet again wished to hit him, that he would just leave him alone. He picked up his jacket, locked up his locker and left, ignoring Kay and not once glancing back. \"-Where are you going? Some filthy bar to get drunk or maybe you'll just drink at home?\", Kay unfortunately decided to follow him, like some voice of conscious. Marc just grid his teeth, fasting his steps. \"-Is that kind of father August deserves?\", Kay asked stepping over the line, \"-Don't talk about my son\", Marc yelled turning around and glaring at him angrily, \"-You know nothing. Go back to your life, full of dancing, men and drugs\", he kept on yelling, stepping closer to Kay, wanting to just beat him up, \"-Go back to pretending that I don't exist\", he yelled one more time as he raised his hand to punch Kay, but Kay's face expression, without a hint of fear or anger stopped him. So Marc just turned around and started walking away across the silent parking lot. \"-Come on Marc, where are you going? Come and hit me, if you think it would help. Or better get totally wasted. But it wouldn't change the fact that you're gay\", Kay kept on shouting at him, walking behind him, not caring if anyone might hear their conversation in the police parking lot. \"-Shut up\", Marc yelled turning around right beside his car, \"-Why the fuck do you still care? I hurt you, used you and even hit you\", Marc yelled, fighting back the tears that he felt welling up in his eyes, \"-Just go back to your fucking boyfriend\", Marc yelled one last time, feeling how he's losing it, he wasn't sure if he could handle the conversation any longer, so he just quickly got into his car and drove away, ignoring Kay shouting his name. Marc couldn't stop the tears, running down his face, as he kept on drinking inside his living room. He hated him. He hated Kay, for being right, for still caring. He didn't deserve it, he deserved to be hated and lose his son, for being such a shitty father. Fuck, he needed to get it together; he couldn't lose his boy, when he was the only one left that mattered. He had nothing else. He lost Bettina, he lost Kay, he lost his friends, with drinking he might even lose he job, but he couldn't lose his son. Glancing down at the bottle in his hand, Marc yelled and threw it across the room, making the bottle to shatter against the wall across. The remaining liquid and glass scattered in the large radius and Marc covered his face with both hands, crying into his palms. Marc woke up disoriented, not sure what woke him, or even where he was. Hearing a loud noise he blinked several times, trying to clear his head and focus. Craning his neck, he set up, noticing he fall asleep right there against the wall, literally crying himself to sleep. His body was stiff and the smell made him nauseous. Looking around the room, he saw the shattered glass still covering his floor and the liquid dry out, leaving a sticky spot. The loud noise shook him and looking around his apartment, he finally realized it was the door. Someone was banging on it loudly and even yelling from the other side. Groaning he slowly got up and holding by the walls he finally made his way to the door, wishing the sound to stop which made his head to throb painfully. \"-I'm coming\", Marc shouted in a raspy voice as he finally reached the lock and tried to make it work, \"-What?\", Marc asked irritated as he finally opened the doors and blinked slowly, trying to focus on who was standing in front of him. \"-Marc, are you ok? What happened?\", Marc groaned as he finally recognized Kay's blue eyes and his worried voice, \"-I'm fine, what do you want?\", Marc tried to sound angry, but he was too tired to fight right now, \"-What took you so long to answer the doors? I was knocking for the last fifteen minutes. I was even considering about kicking the doors\", Kay said sounding too worried and concerned for Marc likening, \"-I was sleeping\", Marc groaned wishing he would have more energy to kick Kay out, \"-Now you can go and leave me the fuck alone\", Marc said trying to close the doors, but Kay pushed against it with his hand, stepping closer, \"-The fuck I will\", Kay said grabbing on Marc's chin and forcing him to meet his eyes, \"-Have you been drinking?\", Kay asked more worried than judging, \"-None of your business\", Marc groaned stepping back and shaking Kay's hand away, but Kay wasn't listening, he pushed Marc aside and stepped inside his apartment, stinking of the spilled scotch. \"-What happened here?\", Kay asked obviously indicating the shattered glass, \"-Nothing of your concern. Say what you came here to say and leave\", Marc said leaning against the wall to support his heavy body. \"-I'm not going anywhere. You're mess, got wasted in just couple of hours. You need help\", Kay said stepping closer, holding him by the waist and dragging him to the bathroom, totally ignoring Marc's protest. Marc was too weak to fight stronger and determined Kay; he could only fight with words, while Kay undressed him and pushed him inside the shower. \"-Jesus Marc\", Kay cursed as he held Marc in the shower, so much skinnier than he remembered, \"-Is that why you avoided me in the showers?\", Kay asked and Marc snorted, he wished it would be the only reason he couldn't handle seeing Kay naked. \"-Or you just couldn't handle seeing my perfect body?\", Kay asked in a joking matter like they were just old buds, but Marc didn't felt like laughing, more like the opposite. He tilted his head towards, allowing the water to hit directly on his face. \"-Come on, let's get you dry out\", Kay said, shutting of the water and helping him to step out, starting drying him with a big fluffy towel, like some kid. Marc wanted to cry or hit something that Kay saw it so easy to be this close and even while being naked, when he was fighting back on his every cell not to jump on Kay and ravish him right there in his bathroom. Dressed in a big bathrobe Marc was led to the living room and set on the couch, while Kay went to the kitchen and brought him a glass of water and some pills. \"-You should eat, but your kitchen is empty, so we should order something up\", Kay said as he watched Marc swallowing the pills, \"-You don't have to do that. None of it. Just go home and leave me alone\", Marc said, not wanting to be close to Kay, when he couldn't have him. He was telling the truth, he doesn't want them to be friends. \"-To whom? My boyfriend?\", Kay asked curiously and Marc hoped that his flinch at the word wasn't visible. \"-I don't care. Just get out\", Marc said a bit louder, needing for Kay to leave as soon as possible, \"-Marc, please tell me that you're not drinking because you're jealous?\", Kay asked louder, sounding almost angry and Marc almost breathed out in relief, he could deal with anger, but not with caring. \"-I'm not. You're not the center of my universe. Just leave, leave me alone. It's your entire fault\", Marc started yelling again, feeling how tears yet again welled in his eyes, but he wasn't strong enough to stop them. \"-You ruined everything. I had a great life. I had Bettina, a baby on a way, my friends, and my job. But you had to show up and ruin everything\", Mac kept on yelling with tears starting to roll down his face, but Kay just set there listening, \"-And then you just left, leaving me with nothing\", Marc yelled one last time before he started crying harder. \"-Shhh…I'm here\", Kay said, gathering him in his arms and allowing Marc to cry on his shoulder, holding onto him for support. \"-I'm right here and I'm not going anywhere\", Kay whispered softly into his ear, holding him tightly and running his palm over Marc's hand in soothing circles. \"-Why, why are you here?\", Marc asked in a raspy voice as he ran out of tears, he finally risked raising his head and looking Kay in the eye, he was shocked by the warmth he saw there, \"-Because I care Marc. I care so much. Please let me to be there for you. Don't shut me out\", Kay pleaded, sitting just inches apart, with his hand still running up and down on Marc's arm. Marc looked away, searching for words; he was shocked that Kay still cared for him, after all this time. \"-How can you care after what I did. After what I said?\", Marc asked not daring to look up, \"-It was my fault too. I pushed you too much. You weren't ready it was all new to you and I asked you to give it all away for me. I should have been more patient and understanding\", Kay said \"-No, you were right. I was selfish. I wanted my old life and I wanted you. I couldn't have it all\", Marc said sadly remembering how naïve he was, hoping he could have Kay but still protect others from hurting. \"-I know it's scary. But it's not a reason to drink it away. Don't ruin your life. You deserve to be happy\", Kay said but Marc just shook his head. He couldn't image being happy anytime soon. \"-It's late, you should leave\", Marc said dryly, he couldn't keep on talking about happiness with Kay, who found his in the arms of some guy named Sam, when Marc only wished for Kay. \"-Marc?\", Kay asked, probably surprised at the coldness of Marc's voice, \"-Just leave. It's Sunday, I'm sure you would rather spend it in the clubs, getting high with Sam\", Marc shouted, angrily and cold, not being able to hide his feelings, \"-Oh my God, you're jealous\", Kay suddenly said in awe and Marc clenched his fists wanting to throw Kay out, his patients running out, feeling like an animal locked in a cage. \"-Yeah, happy? I'm finally admitting that I'm gay. Now get out\", Marc yelled before he could even register the words leaving his mouth. All he cared was to make Kay to leave \"-Marc, I don't have a boyfriend\", Kay quickly said, noticing Marc's sudden violent mood. \"-Sam is my sponsor, I'm trying to quit drugs and get clean\", Kay explained softly, Marc just shook his head. \"-Don't care. Just leave\", Marc shouted, refusing to believe and avoiding looking Kay in the eye, \"-The hell you don't care\", Kay shouted back stepping closer and grabbing on Marc's shoulders, \"-You care, just like I care about you too\", Kay said trying to force Mar's eyes to stay on his, \"-I forgive you\", Kay said softly after a long time of silence and Marc finally stopped struggling and looked him in the eye. \"-I forgive you\", Kay repeated sincerely, allowing Marc too see the emotions in his eyes, \"-Can you forgive me?\", Kay asked softly and Marc felt like crying all over again. It probably means he is after all gay, being so overly emotional like some girl. \"-Marc?\", Kay asked wondering what he was thinking, while bringing up his hands and caressing Marc's cheek softly. Marc being too emotional to talk just fisted on Kay's shirts and pulled him in for a kiss. Hot and fast, wanting to taste as much as he can, afraid that Kay might pull away and he might never taste him ever again. But Kay didn't even think about stopping, opening his mouth he welcomed Marc's tongue, deepening the kiss and angling his head for a better reach. As the moan of pleasure suddenly left someone's mouth, it was the point of no returning, they pulled each other closer, hands traveling all over and ripping off each other's clothes. The need to touch, to feel, and to taste was over powering everything else, they didn't care of preparing or finding a comfortable position, as soon as the condom was put on, they quickly started fucking, pulling on one another, hands roaming the skin, mouth searching mouth. Needing each other more, than ever before. They didn't stop for hours, never getting enough of each other's body, the taste and the feeling of the other so close, limb by limb, skin by skin. They were lying in bed, to where they migrated after the round three, or maybe it was the round four, dozing off to a much needed sleep, still holding on one another, sweat and cum gluing their skins together, when Marc suddenly spoke up, \"-I love you\", he wasn't sure why he decided to say it, maybe he was too overwhelmed by emotions, feeling it so strongly he couldn't stay silent, maybe because he thought Kay was already asleep, maybe because he never told him before, or maybe for entirely different reason. But Marc didn't regret it, especially after Kay turned in his arms and gave him a passionate loving kiss, murmuring the words right back at him, \"-I love you too\". ","Summary":" Two years. It's already been two years and Marc still found himself remembering Kay Engel, it's jus"},{"Movie":"Felidae","Title":"Felicity","Author":"FelidaeFan1121","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13198608","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello this is just a quick author note I'm making this story to offer a happier end to the character Felicity from Felidae as her death was just uncalled for and I think she deserved to live anyway i hope you enjoy email me your thoughts after meeting pascal now known as claudandus Francis rushed to Felicity's home he looked down seeing a beaten and bloody Felicity. \"Felicity!\" Francis shouted as he jumped down from the skylight and ran over to her. Her chest moved slowly up and down and her eyes opened a bit and she spoke in a hushed weak tone. \"Francis is that you?\". Francis helped her up and walked her over to a chair and laid her down on it and he asked. \"Whos the bastard that did this to you,\" Francis asked felicity with an anger in his voice. \"I don't know he didn't speak he only hissed and growled\" Felicity answered weakly. Francis helped Felicity tend to her wounds and asked her \"do you have any broken bones?\". \"No just cuts and scratches\" Felicity answered with more life in her voice. Francis cuddled up to Felicity \"I'm happy you're alive\" he said with a fearful purr. \"I worried for your safety more than my own\". Francis had stayed the night at Felicity's house to make sure she was safe he decided to watch over her until the murders were solved after that he didn't know he didn't want to move again and be forced away from his friends and Felicity he dreaded that thought. Felicity was just waking up \"Francis are you okay?\" she asked whilst yawning. \"Yeah I'm fine Felicity\" he answered while looking around cautiously. \"What time is it Francis?\" she asked him whilst stretching. \"About nine in the morning why?\" he answered with a question. \"I just want to know how long until breakfast it's about that time come one let's eat together\" she got up and walked to her food bowl. Francis followed her to the food bowl and waited for her to finish eating before he ate. After they were done eating they sat on the windowsill for a while.[Chapter 2] Chapter two The kiss Francis watched over Felicity whilst she slept making sure she was safe. \"Francis are you still awake. Come to sleep\" she said with tiredness in her voice. \"Yeah I'll come to bed in a minute but you should move up to the window with me so you're safe,\" he said cautiously. \"I suppose that's possible\" she yawned jumping up to the windowsill and waved him over as she was wanting to sit up and listen to the ambient noises with him. He jumped up and sat with her they could hear crickets and birds chirping away. \"Its nice isn't it,\" Francis asked with a sincerity in his voice. \"Yes it is you sound like you have something to get off of your chest,\" she said. \"Yeah I do Felicity, since the moment I met you I felt a connection and I just want to be with you forever,\" he said quietly. \"But you probably don't like me-\" he said gloomily before being pulled into a kiss by Felicity \"I love you too Francis!\" she kissed him deeply. He kissed back and blushed a bit. \"Let's sleep now it's late,\" he said with a yawn as he curled around felicity to keep her warm. The next day Francis woke up to find the hum of Felicity's purring \"shes so precious im never letting her go again even if it means leaving Gustav alone to fend for himself\" he said to nobody. Her eyes slowly opened \"Francis is it light out yet,\" she asked whilst yawning \"yes my love,\" he said while blushing. \"Maybe today we could go outside so I can feel the wind for the first time in well ever,\" she said while stretching. \"Yeah that sounds like a wonderful idea\"[Chapter 3] Felicity Chapter 3 The Visit After that night they managed to get out of the house without Felicity getting hurt or maimed. \"Francis I've been looking for you everywhere smartass where have you been?\" Bluebeard said as he approached \"Pascal wanted to talk to you\". Francis replied \"good I want to show him felicity is alive and well\".\"I would just be a bother getting there you should go without me\" she said gloomily with her head down. He used his paw to pick her head back up \"no you are coming with me I want him to take you off the dead list\" he said. \"okay \" she said cheering up. At Pascal's house, Francis and Bluebeard walked into the room shortly followed by Felicity. \"Ah, Francis, Bluebeard, and… Felicity?!\" he said with a shocked tone. Francis' brows furrowed \"Pascal why do you sound so shocked?\" he asked suspiciously. \"Yea Pascal you don't sound too thrilled that Francis' little lady friend survived her ordeal with the killer,\" Bluebeard asked curiously. \"Yes I'm alive and well Pascal,\" she said licking her paw almost with condescending in her voice.\" no no I just was surprised to see her I shall get to work on taking her off of the death list,\" he said trying to get them off his back. \"You do that\" Francis said. While they were at the computer felicity laid in a chair and started to nod off into sleep. Francis noticed this and went over to cover her up so she could sleep as they had a lot of work to do and it would be a while until they could leave. \"Alright so do we have any new victims,\" Francis asked. \"Yes one a shorthair tabby named sissy shes not important the killer may come after you and Felicity again,\" he said while typing something on the computer. \"I see\" Francis replied with a sigh. \"Then let him come I won't let him hurt Felicity,\" Francis said looking over to her \"I love her too much to let that happen\". ","Summary":" Hello this is just a quick author note I'm making this story to offer a happier end to the characte"},{"Movie":"Free Fall Freier Fall","Title":"Breathe Evenly","Author":"h1421286","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12533522","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 This just shows, it's impossible to plan life, nor love. Marc Borgmman was never one for taking chances. Being the only child of a traditional German family in the small town of Ludwigsburg, he has always followed the path that his parents set for him. He decided to become a police officer partly because of the well structured career it entails. Police academy, candidate, constable, master, maybe even inspector or councilor one day. After all, his father was a served the police force until the day he retired, what other choice does he have? Pregnancy with Bettina, however, was not planned. Not to say it was not welcomed. Marc knew he would become a father one day, but he's not ready. Despite being 28 years old, despite being with Bettina for 5 years, Marc feels he is still not ready for the responsibility of a husband and father. That is why he still hasn't proposed to Bettina even with all the hints his parents and Bettina have been throwing at him. It's hunch Marc cannot describe himself. There is something missing, he feels he is not complete. Moving himself and Bettina to be close to his parents, Frank and Claudia in preparation of the upcoming child was not Marc's favorite idea, but he felt it was the right thing to do. It would definitely make his and Bettina's lives' easier, though he felt so suffocated that he can hardly breath. No wonder he almost failed jogging at the police academy. How could you run when you couldn't even take a breath, let alone breathe evenly like Kay always told him. Acquaintance with Kay Engel was definitely not according to Marc's life plans. With dirty blond hair, clear blue eyes and that cocky smile that never left his lips, he was like an angel and devil in one. He showed Marc a wild side that Marc never knew existed. Smoking pot, breaking in the pool after hours, clubbing, Ecstasy, sex in the bathroom stall, Marc never thought he would be the one doing any of those. Sex with Kay was a whole new experience all together. The sensual pleasure that Marc never felt with Bettina, or any other women for that matter. That first time in the rain, Marc felt as if 28 years worth of bottled up pressure was released at once. No wonder Kay was walking with a limp for 3 days after that. The secrecy of forbidden relationship was fun and exciting. Kay's apartment and their running trail in the woods became Marc's sanctorum, an escape from the suffocating life at home. Only with Kay Marc could be careless and free, be himself without thinking about everyone's expectations. After all, Kay had no expectations for him, or did he? Marc knew things were getting serious when he felt a pang of jealousy as he learnt Kay was going to the gay clubs without him. You don't feel jealousy if it was just casual sex. That night Kay told Marc that he loved him, Marc knew he was in trouble. Because even though he didn't realize it then, Marc fell just as hard for Kay. He felts that his 2 incompatible worlds are colliding together, and things are getting out of control. Marc was never good at handling things under pressure, in the end, he did what he always had done, escape to his comfort zone. Boy was that the wrong choice. Nothing had been right after that. His relationship with Bettina, like broken glass, cannot be rekindle not matter how hard he tried to glue the pieces back together. He thought he loved Bettina, and in a way, he did. Only after he had Kay and lost Kay did Marc learn that was not real love. It's more like a care you feel for family or good friend. Real love was the brink of ecstasy when you are together, and the heart wrenching emptiness when you are apart. The emptiness that Marc felt every single moment after Kay has left almost a year ago. Is he gay? Marc didn't know how to answer when Bettina asked him. He didn't think so. Because he never felt attracted to another man other than Kay. Is he bisexual? Maybe. To Marc though, sexuality was beside the point. He loved and wanted Kay, only Kay, as a person. If Kay was a woman, Marc would have fell in love just the same. It's just Kay was a man. So he loves Kay. Marc realizes that now, loud and clear. Since the day Marc broke the door and gone into Kay's empty apartment, his world had ended. He had let his life gone into free fall. After all, he fell in love before he knew what love was. When something blinds you like that, it's hard to see anything clearly. He traced the trail that he and Kay used to run, he gone to the same club he and he used to go. He had even tried Ecstasy himself and tried to pick up other guys. It was never the same. Nothing, no one could fill the void that Kay had left. When he finally grew out of his cowardice and became a man that is ready to love Kay the way he deserved, the Kay that loved him was no-where to be found. Bettina, being the level-headed girl she is, has left Marc for her own benefit. She was able to make a life for herself and their son Sebastian. In a year's time, she also met a man that treats her right. Marc was sincerely happy for her, even though he missed his son miserably. His parents, Marc hadn't really talked with them for a year. He had sold his house he lived with Bettina, and moved into Kay's old studio apartment. Which, as Marc cursed, was the worst idea possible. Interestingly, the 2 people that helped him to gain some normalcy in his life as Frank and Britt from the same unit. Frank is a true friend. He did not approve Marc's lifestyle or choices, but he accepted Marc for who he is. Britt showed surprising understanding for Marc's situation, as she was coming in terms with her own sexuality. Of course, what else helped was Bettina's threat to refuse letting Marc see Sebastian if he didn't get his life back on track. So he did, for his son's sake, and for himself. He has been clean from drugs for 4 months, and only drink on social occasions. He still smoked like a chimney. Oh well, something cannot be helped. This nice summer day when Marc and Britt are having a drink after their shifts ended. Britt suddenly asked Marc a question he didn't know how to answer. \"So Marc, why haven't you thought about finding Kay?\" Marc startled and almost choked on his beer. He stared at Britt's large eyes, \"why would he want to see me?\" Britt shrugged her shoulders, \"well, you are clearly still hang up about the guy. I don't see why you won't just take a chance and go find him. Who knows, maybe he is still hang up about you.\" That thought made Marc's heart skip a beat. God did he wish that was true. But after what he had put Kay through, he highly doubt God would be so kind. Marc shook his head,\" he would never forgive me. I put him through hell.\" \"Yes you did.\" Britt said with a bit of disgust. \"But it doesn't hurt to ask. Marc, you do realize this step is completely up to you. You will never see Kay again unless you reach out to him. You made it pretty clear to him a year ago that he wasn't wanted in your life.\" Marc put his head in his hands and nodded. \"Running on the same trail you guys use to meet, living in his old apartment. This is beyond pathetic.\" Britt shook her head. \"It's not healthy. I didn't suggest this to you earlier because your life was shit. But now since you have sobered up a bit. I think you should give it a try. Come on, what's the worst that can happen? He rejects you. How can you be worse than you are now?\" Marc has never been the one to pursue after anything or anyone. Bettina first pursued him, so did Kay. However, now he is seriously considering Britt's suggestion. This is the only chance that he could see Kay again. Yes, Marc admits how pathetic he is becoming. There hadn't been a day that passed that he did not think about Kay. -Have you thought about just ditching it all and go somewhere far away?- Marc thought about that afternoon the most. A ray of sunset shone on his face that made Kay almost golden, smiling with such affection that Marc knew was only reserved for him. It seemed such a ridiculous suggestion at the time. But now, less than 18 months after, he would do anything to go somewhere, anywhere, just to be with Kay. \"What about Sebstian? I will miss him.\" Marc is still unsure. \"Marc, you see your son once every other week. And you know he is in good hands. \" That was a lame excuse, Marc knew. Sebstian just turned a year old, he does not need Marc as much as he needs his mom. Besides, the agreement Marc had with Bettina was one afternoon every 2 weeks. He can't see his son other time even if he wanted to. \"How would I be able to find him?\" Now comes the real question. \"Hahaha, \" Britt laughed and reached over to swat his head, \"you have finally decided to man up. Don't worry, I have a friend in the informatics bureau. I will find Kay's whereabouts in no time.\" Marc thanked her and closed his eyes. The mere possibly of seeing Kay again made his heart race like a rabbit. Does he still wear the same cocky smile, the same swagger in his walks? Does he still jog, still club? Most of all, does Kay still think of him? Or does he have someone else.[Chapter 2] Breathe Evenly- Chapter 2 It turns out finding Kay was not as easy as Britt portrayed. After 3 weeks without any update, Marc starts to curse himself and Britt for getting his hopes up. On this day after work, he decided to wait for Britt at the female locker room door. \"So has your friend at the informatics bureau give you any updates?\" Marc didn't want to appear too hopeful when Britt walks through the door, freshly showered. \"Getting desperate are we?\" Britt playfully pushed at Marc's shoulder, but then turned serious. \"It turns out your lover is more elusive than we thought. During the past year he has transferred 3 times, from Ludwigsburg to Stuttgart to Augsburg now to Munich, which he just arrived less than 2 weeks ago. I know what unit he is at now, but cannot tell you his address. His current address on file is still one at Stuttgart, obviously out of date.\" Marc is puzzled. Why on earth would Kay transfer so many times? What is he running away from? With a pang of guilt, Marc realized how little he knew of Kay's, his family, or his life. \"What does that mean?\" \"What that means. Is that if you want to find your lover and talk sense into him, you will have to transfer to his unit or at least in the same building his unit is at. \" Britt continued. \"Of course, you can creepily wait in front of the building hoping to catch him as he is coming and leaving from work. But stalking in front of police station cannot end up well.\" Marc shook his head, \" you want to get me fired?\" Britt shrugged her shoulders. \"The other option is to wait for the address to be updated on the record. My friend said that could take up to 6 months. By then, Kay might have moved again already. \" Marc scratched his head. No, he did not want to wait for another 6 months risking Kay running away from him again. But transferring to another unit was not what he had in plan. \"Transferring to another unit and moving to Munich though? That's a big step. What about Sebastian?\" Marc was not sure. \"Marc, Munich is two and half hours from here by train, even faster driving. You can make a trip once every 2 weeks.\" What Britt said was true. Trips to Munich was definitely not taxing at all. However, for someone who resists change and adventure as much as he can, Marc was still reluctant to entertain that idea. \" But transferring units cannot be that easy. \" Nevertheless, the thought of never seeing Kay again is eating him slowly. Britt winked at him, \"you are in luck, mate. My friend said that particular riot control unit serves the most dangerous area of Munich. They have lost 6 people over the past 3 months due to various reasons. They are desperately in need of people. Transferring there would be a piece of cake.\" Hearing about the danger of Kay's unit automatically arose the protectiveness in Marc. He became worried for Kay's safety. He knew Kay is a great police officer and will be able to look after himself. However, the need to be by Kay's side suddenly became insurmountable. To protect Kay, or just to hold his hand and face danger together. Transferring was just as easy as Britt predicted. All paperwork had gone through within 2 weeks. Marc even received a pay raise as enticement to seal the deal. Marc packed all his belongings, which consisted of merely 2 suitcases and 2 boxes into is Volkswagen Golf. Before hitting the road for Munich, he stopped by to see Bettina and his son Sebastian. Sebastian is growing fast, now able to crawl everywhere and walk a few steps. To Marc, his gabbled \"Papa\" is the sweetest music to his ears. While Sebastian is pre-occupied with the toy his father just brought him, Marc glanced over at Bettina. \"Bettina, I am moving to Munich.\" Marc said slowly. Bettina stared at him, seemingly surprised. \"I will still come by every 2 weeks to see Bastian as we agreed upon. \" Marc continued. \"Why?\" Bettina interrupted him. \"Why are you moving to Munich all the sudden Marc?\" Marc avoided Bettina's stare and focused his attention back to his son. \"I want a new start.\" \"Don't bullshit me Marc. \" Bettina walked closer to him. As if a sudden realization came upon her, she started nodding her head. \"You are going after him, aren't you?!\" Marc looked down to the floor and remained silent. \"Are you Marc?!\" Bettina raised her voice. Marc sighed. He knew this was going to be difficult. He couldn't ask Bettina not to be angry with his decision. \" Bettina, I know you would be angry. I am sorry I couldn't give you want you deserve. I can never ask you to forgive me, but I am very thankful that you allow me to see Bastian. I will be forever indebted to you. If you need anything in the future, just call or text. I will do my best.\" \"Hosenscheisser,\" Bettina muttered under her breathe. She stared at Marc long and hard for what seemed like hours. Marc shifted between his feet uncomfortably, debating to stay until he could say proper bye to Bettina or just kiss Sebastian and run away. Finally, Bettina sighed. \" Just as well. I am moving in with Thomas, just haven't gotten around to tell you.\" This is Marc's turn to be startled. Looks like they both have news today. Marc knew Bettina had been dating Thomas for about 9 months. He had met Thomas during one of his visits to Sebastian. He seemed like a gentle man and great with Sebastian. Marc knew Bettina puts Sebastian as top priority and would not agree to move in with him if she didn't think Thomas would get along with her son. But the idea of his son living with a strange man still made him uncomfortable. Then again, he was on no grounds to dictate Bettina's life. Marc swallowed all his thoughts and managed to smile weakly. \"Congratulations Bettina. Thomas is a great guy. I sincerely hope you will be happy.\" Bettina nodded. Her eyes became reddish and watery as if she suddenly became emotional. \"He is. I am very lucky to have found him. Especially after what I went through with you.\" She smiled too, \"Marc, I guess what has passed is past. I know you have been miserable over the past year. I still cannot fully forgive you now, but I probably will with time. \" She looked over and caressed Sebastian's soft chubby cheeks. \"After all, you are Bastian's father and I do need you to be well. So go to Munich and do what you have to do. But his time, please don't be such a coward about it.\" As if a huge rock had dropped from his shoulders, Marc nodded and grinned. Even years after, he still did not quite understand how Bettina was able to come around what he had done to her. But he was always thankful to have this woman in his life. Marc awkwardly extended a hand to Bettina. Bettina smiled and came close. She gave him a hug and squeezed his shoulders. As Marc drove on the stretched highway heading toward Munich, he can't help to imagine maybe, just maybe, one day, he could bring Kay to meet Sebastian. Of course, Marc chuckled to himself, that is wishing for too much. Right now, the biggest hurdle is to convince Kay to come back to him. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 This just shows, it's impossible to plan life, nor love. Marc Borgmman was never one for "},{"Movie":"Thief and the Cobbler","Title":"The Cobbler","Author":"entrops","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10522717","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When I was a child, I lived in the market square of the great Golden City of Arabia. It was during the middle of King Nod's rule when I was born; the city was prosperous, our army strong, and our spirits high-hell, even the camels seemed happy-how could they not be? The three Golden Balls sat atop a tall minaret, close to the heavens and always watching over us. We were invulnerable. A city of Gods. No one could halt our progress. That's not to say that we were without corruption and poverty, and yes, the rule of King Nod was accompanied by the counselings of Vizier Zig-Zag, whose sharp and ugly nose prodded at every decision the King made. Most artisans who lived in the market square clustered underneath the tarps of their booths at night and slept where they worked, perhaps taking advantage of the good luck we'd been blessed with at the time, perhaps because they had no other home, yet always willing to awaken for a customer willing to purchase a new vase or a good cut of lamb. I was lucky enough to have inherited my mentor's cobbling shop (though I'm not sure she had anyone else to leave it to anyways.) I slept, too, where I worked, but I was lucky enough to have a roof above my head to spare it from the rain and a soft, old woven cloth beneath me. The shop itself was a shambles, spools of thread in heaps of baskets, those baskets in heaps lining the walls of the first floor where I allowed customers to browse the racks of shoes I had sewn myself and a displays of pairs of slippers, one of each pair broken and the other repaired, an example of what service I could provide. The stairs were directly across from the door, though I didn't allow customers up there, and if one were to stumble through the shoes hanging above the doorway they could easily make it to the top floor where I worked and slept and kept what little money I had. Of course, what reason could they have to steal from the market's cobbler? He was sparer than a bone, financially. But that was fine. I loved what I did, and I was good at it to0-it's all I'd ever been; Tack the Cobbler. ","Summary":" When I was a child, I lived in the market square of the great Golden City of Arabia. It was during "},{"Movie":"Thief and the Cobbler","Title":"A Jewel in Her Shoe","Author":"Yunnora Lovespell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11365217","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My first Thief & the Cobbler fic. I just watched it and fell absolutely in love with it. Enjoy! Her eyes… Her hair… Her smile… Sweet Tack could not eat, could not sleep without thinking of the princess's face. What a simple grin of hers could do to a man who desperately, pathetically in love. He had fallen hard for a shooting star; so beautiful to look at but far too out of his reach to grasp. He had fixed her shoe with expert precision, sewing gold and rubies into the soft silk tops and around the heels so that even her feet could match the shine that radiated from her innocent soul. Both animal and man had come to adore Princess Yum Yum but only a single cobbler had fallen dangerously in like for the heir of Bagdad. Since the fall of One-Eye the king had kept his daughter under tight lock and key. Tack had done his duty to the royal family but found himself right back where he started, alone, with only soiled footwear for company. He hadn't seen her since the great parade after the fall of One-Eye. Since the departure of Zig Zag and the return of the golden balls, the golden city had fallen into a sort of temporary calm, retuning to its zany way of living as it had before the wounded soldier had come to warn them about One-Eye's encroaching army. At the time the cobbler had a purpose, a reason to step upon royal grounds and go to the princess. Now he had no excuse. Even if he had the courage to go forth after her the guards would surely turn him away. He was but a lowly servant of the city and she… she an enchantress of wonder. Upon her head would soon sit the crown. He was unworthy. But how he missed her so. Her hands had been soft, untouched by labor, and heart so full it spilled over with love only to fill his own to the brim. It made him want to sing to the heavens of his devotion to her. What he wouldn't do for her. He craved her touch and her laughter. He hadn't known then but he knew now how terribly alone he felt without them. Having her near had scared away his demons but now they haunted him in a steady stream of smoke filled nightmares baring sharp teeth and alligator eyes. Lying upon his side the cobbler snuggled as comfortably as he could into his mat, picking at the loosened straws at the hem. He would dream of her once more and in the deepest part of his heart, hoped he never would have to wake up. He might not be worthy of her in this life but in his dream world he was. He could provide the princess with everything she could ever want, punishing the evil that dared to stand between their love and honoring her with gifts, children, and palace full of sunlight and carnations. The very next day Tack heard of the princess's engagement to another royal; a prince whom ruled over a land not far from Bagdad. The princess was remiss of her father's decision for her to marry, locking herself within the tallest tower of the tallest building. Its peak was lost beyond a barrier of clouds, and she refused to come down. No one but the king, his men, and the cobbler knew this. The cobbler often went to visit her there. His heart stale from ache but mind still full of hope. Gazing upon her sun kissed face brought him joy like he had never known. \"Princess!\" He would call to the top of the tower, his voice carrying on the back of birds' wings. The princess, hidden behind a veil of puffy white would call back to him. \"I cannot bear this. I could possibly love no other.\" The black tack sitting snuggly between his lips couldn't have pierced his heart any harder than her words. \"I will not come down. Not if the man I marry is not you.\" And so it was, for every seven days he would go to the top of the tallest tower in the tallest building to see the woman he could never have. She would sing to him, tell him stories and he would come with a new jewel to sew upon her shoes. The old ones she would toss from her open window, neither knowing what would come of the rubies and emeralds that fell like stardust from the cloudy sky. To Tack's distress he would never marry the princess. She would live the rest of her life in that tower until the day she died; and the sweet little cobbler with eyes of blue and fingers nimble would continue to sew jewels into her shoes, tossing the old ones away long after her death. Only the freshest of diamonds and pearls could even begin to rival Princess Yum Yum's brilliance. And every afternoon a thief would sit at the bottom of the tower, heart swollen with pity for the lonely cobbler before he out stretched his hands, ready to catch every gem. ","Summary":" My first Thief & the Cobbler fic. I just watched it and fell absolutely in love with it. Enjoy! Her"},{"Movie":"Thief and the Cobbler","Title":"Shenanigans","Author":"justgivemeanewusernameplease","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9913437","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Thief never really liked horses. Especially after the polo incident. He hated horses after that. He preferred sewer pipes or trash cans with wheels to the awful beasts. They were safer, far more efficient, and you wouldn't be seen coming from a mile away. But, when King Nod had offered The Thief a horse one day, to \"better protect the people\", The Thief couldn't resist. After all, if he ever did want a horse one day (like that would ever happen), this way he wouldn't have to steal it. And he didn't want to go back to jail. He may have had fun there, but he certainly didn't want to go back. So, dear readers, let us go to The Thief, who was standing outside of the palace, staring at the horse with mild curiosity. How are you supposed to steer this thing anyway? The Thief poked the horse's side, and then moved to inspect the head as he saw a gleam of silver. Is there a steering wheel, or-Ah, ropes! The thief took hold of the reins, then with much grunting and heaving, pulled himself up onto the brown stallion. Alright, I'm up. Now…where's the gas pedal? He looked all around for a gas pedal, and, finding none, sat straight up again. He then started scratching his head, angering the flies buzzing around. He froze as he felt the horse beneath him stiffen. Oh no-please, don't-I, I- The Thief's please went unheard, and the horse took off. The Thief groped blindly for the reins, and when he found them, he slowly sat up, keeping the leather tight in his hands. Hey! I think I got this! The Thief struck a pose as he bounced softly as the horse ran. Ah, another camera ready- The Thief blinked and sputtered as a branch hit him full on in the face. Gah, stupid bran- His head snapped back as another hit him. He blinked again. So, this is how you're going to play, hu? The Thief flatted out his body, a triumphant grin on his face. Then, a low sweeping branch hit him full on in the stomach, launching him off the horse. The branch bent forward, and his horse galloped off. Crap. The branch snapped back, sending the Thief flying. He tumbled over himself, his arms failing around as he tried to steady himself. Then in one painful bounce, he landed back in the court yard. He skidded till he was back up against the wall. Now I remember why I-I hate horses so much. The Thief rubbed his bottom. When he tried to sit up, he found that he couldn't. So, with a sigh, he placed his hand in the middle of his back, and then pushed while at the same time straightening. A loud crack echoed, but The Thief sighed in content. Much better. A/N: Just don't even say anything. I was in a thief and the cobbler mood today, so, I thought, why not do a little drabble series with The Thief in the life of head of the palace security! If you guy's haven't watched the movie, you really should. I don't own The Thief and The Cobbler. ","Summary":" The Thief never really liked horses. Especially after the polo incident. He hated horses after that"},{"Movie":"Thief and the Cobbler","Title":"The Story of Tack","Author":"ProudDyspraxicWriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6510288","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I watched The Thief and the Cobbler (the Matthew Broderick version) a few days ago because of the Nostalgia Critic and instantly fell in love with it, so I wanted to write something for it. This is the best I could come up with at the last minute. The Story of Tack Long, long ago before the time of brave Arabian knights and King Nod, in the city of Baghdad, there once lived a man named Papa Tack. He was a good, kind, honest and hardworking man but he was also very poor, as were most men in the city. He worked from dawn until dusk as a spice-seller, but seeing as everyone was already poor, they didn't want to be wasting money on spices to add to their cooking, so Papa Tack barely had the money to bring home to his growing family. You see, his wife Mama Tack had just given birth to a baby boy whom she called Tack. He was a pale, small, weak thing with large, expressive bright blue eyes and a thin mouth that was always stuffed with a dummy. He was loved dearly, but not like any other baby because Mama and Papa Tack knew that he was special. They feared that they would one day be forced to give him up simply because they didn't have enough food to feed him. One evening, after Papa Tack had packed up his stall, he walked home feeling absolutely miserable as he dragged his sore and tired feet along the dusty road. He wasn't looking forward to delivering the bad news to his wife. It was going to break her heart and his own heart was already broken. He reached his home and went in through the wooden door. The first thing he saw was his beautiful wife playing with his handsome young son. What a sight that was to see after a tiring uneventful day. He let out an inaudible sigh. \" Hello, darling!\" cried Mama cheerily when she noticed him. \" Do you know what little Tack did today?\" She gave her son a proud smile. Papa looked inquisitive. \" He climbed the stairs all by himself, made his way into our room and fixed my broken shoe!\" she shrieked excitedly, squeezing the baby so tightly that he nearly suffocated. Papa beamed proudly and patted Tack's head, tousling his stringy strands of hair. The baby pulled away, shaking his head, indicating that he didn't like the affection his parents were showering upon him. \" He seems to have a talent. So, how was work today? Did you sell any spices?\" she asked hopefully. Papa hung his head and heaved a deep, silent sigh of despair, tears forming in his blue eyes as he watched Tack playing on the floor. Mama Tack knew exactly what he was thinking and she gasped in horror, bringing her hand to her mouth. \" You're not suggesting…!\" Reluctantly, he nodded. \" Who will we give him to?\" Papa Tack shrugged his shoulders. After a pause, he stretched his gangly arms and released a big silent yawn. Feeling tearful, Mama Tack wrapped her arms around him and kissed him on the cheek. She scooped the baby up in her arms to take him to bed as it was the last night he would spend with them. The next morning, the sun shone bright and hot as it always did in Baghdad. The Tacks set out to the busy marketplace, going around to the different stalls to try and convince people to buy their baby. \" Please, ma'am,\" Mama Tack said to the elderly greengrocer. \" We have no food or money and we can no longer take care of our son. Is there any chance you can adopt him?\" \" No, no,\" the greengrocer replied, shaking her head. \" He's such a strange-looking thing. He wouldn't be of any use to me.\" \" Sir, please, please look after my baby. We're desperate. We've no money!\" she begged a short, stout man with shifty, mischievous eyes. In response, he didn't say a word but shook his head and sneaked off before he was caught stealing the Tacks' only gold coin. As the day turned into night, they still had Tack in their arms and they couldn't help but feel depressed. Mama began to cry and Papa couldn't do a thing to comfort her. As he embraced her tightly in his arms, his gaze slipped to a shop that was still open. It belonged to Dim, the city's most sought out cobbler who was also a family friend, and remembering what she'd told him the previous day, an idea in Papa Tack's mind was brought to live. Pointing towards the shop, he jumped up and down excitedly. Mama looked confused and shot a glance into her son's eyes. Then she realised what her husband was trying to say. \" Dim? Would he be able to…? Do you think?\" she said tentatively. Papa nodded, smiling somewhat sadly. Beckoning to her, he dashed up to the shop door and went inside. Just as he suspected, Dim was cleaning up the room after a long day of fixing and making shoes. Mama cleared her throat to get the cobbler's attention. Startled, Dim whirled around. \" Oh, it's you!\" he cried with surprise in his deep, gravelly voice. \" What do you want?\" \" You know we're poor, you've fixed our shoes many a time without pressuring us to pay. But we've gotten to the point where we are no longer able to take care of our baby properly. He's no trouble at all, he doesn't cry and he can be useful around the house. He shows a talent of fixing shoes, you know,\" the poor wife explained. Dim raised his thick, greenish eyebrows and thought deeply. \" Shows a talent of fixing shoes, you say?\" \" Yes, sir.\" \" All right. I'll take him in, but only for a few months.\" A great big load seemed to have been lifted off of her shoulders. The woman heaved a sigh of relief. \" Oh, thank you, Dim. You have no idea how much this means to us.\" She handed her precious baby over to the cobbler, when he saw what he looked like for the first time. He gave a cry of surprise when he saw that snow-white skin and those giant blinking blue eyes. But then he smiled and held him. Tickling underneath his chin, Tack wriggled in delight and the mouth behind the dummy formed a smile, making Dim laugh. \" He's a cute little fella, isn't he?\" Mama Tack started to cry again as she planted a warm, loving kiss on the baby's forehead. Papa Tack comforted her as he gazed down his son's face. \" Goodbye, Tack,\" he uttered finally. Several months later, Tack grew up into a toddler and Dim taught him many great things about the art of cobbling. But tragedy struck the city. There was an epidemic of a mysterious illness, which countless people caught and died from it. Dim was smart enough to know how to quarantine his house, so he and Tack were safe from catching any disease. But Tack's true parents were not so lucky. Bad, right? But I just wanted to write something! You know? Anyway, did anyone notice the thief's cameo? ","Summary":" I watched The Thief and the Cobbler (the Matthew Broderick version) a few days ago because of the N"},{"Movie":"Thief and the Cobbler","Title":"Suitors","Author":"popperjenna","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11191483","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Suitors,\" the king began rather slowly as though he was trying to remember what to say. \"Suitors for the princess.\" The cobbler sat in the corner, fixing a certain shoe, when he heard these words- causing him to drop his needle. He searched clumsily for it when the princess' familiar voice called out. \"A suitor ? Why on earth would I want a suitor ?\" She crinkled up her nose, as if disgusted by the thought. This, however, wasn't comforting for Tack. His shoulders slumped downward as he fell against the wall, causing all eyes to turn to the clumsy boy. \"I think Tack agrees with me.\" Tack nodded quickly before hesitantly throwing his hands up as though to say 'don't drag me into this'. \"Daughter, it is... Part of being a princess.\" His speech was scattered. Tack pretended to fumble with the shoe, as if hiding the fact he was listening. \"But father, you wouldn't force your only daughter to marry someone whilst she's already in love, correct ?\" This seemed to have woken the king, for he was now staring at the princess. She twirled a rose in-between her fingers and awaited for a reply. Tacks heart fell even heavier at this announcement; he felt as though his love towards her was meaningless. He dropped the shoe and looked towards them rather sadly. \"In love ? When did this happen ?\" The kings voice was rough- but awake. She twirled her rose once more before turning her gaze towards the incredibly saddened boy, and her sly smile faded rather quickly. \"Tack what's wrong ?\" He fumbled to grab the shoe in his hands and began pulling at the threads, looking back at her and smiling scarcely. He lifted his hand to wave at her; he looked so small and defeated in that corner. She rushed over to his side and gently took the shoe away from him, a distinct sadness on her face. \"You must be overworked, why don't you go out to the gardens to relax ?\" He would rather stay and listen to the conversation, but he hated to see her so saddened. He reached out to take the shoe and rose, quickly making his way out the door. She frowned as she watched him disappear from the room. \"I see.\" The kings voice was once again deep and tired. She turned back to face him with surprised on her face. \"You see...?\" He nodded carefully, shutting his eyes as if he were about to fall asleep. \"I see that you are in love with that cobbler.\" \"I never said that.\" \"You didn't need to.\" She looked down at her knees. \"Is it that obvious ?\" Her voice was soft and cautious, as if she was afraid the boy was still in the room to hear. \"Why... Yes, it... It quite is.\" He was dozing off again. It's been growing harder and harder for her to have a conversation with him without him falling into slumber. She wasn't sure she was happy with this news, but she wasn't quite saddened. \"I feel foolish now, for leading it on.\" She waited to hear her fathers rough voice reply, but her words were returned with a snore. She let out a sigh before standing up once more and walking over to the doorway. She glanced back again, just to check if he was asleep- and he was. \"Goodbye, father.\" She looked down at her feet before fully dispersing from the room. She was actually surprised her father didn't get after her for having fallen for such a lowly person. Her feet raced along the cold tiles as she made her way to the gardens, praying he hadn't run off again. It was unlike him to be so down, he was usually quite bashful whenever she saw him. It was a new side of him, and she wasn't sure if she liked it; it made her sad also. This is was love, was it ? Seeing your beloved sad also bringing you sadness ? She didn't have lots of examples to follow, but she felt for sure thats what it had to be. Sure enough she found him, slumped against a giant bush with the shoe in between his legs. He still had that look of sadness sewn onto his face. \"Cobbler ?\" Her voice was soft, as though she was afraid he would run away if she frightened him. He looked up at her and widened his eyes, feeling pathetic as he lowered his shoulders in defeat. \"Tell me what is wrong.\" She slowly sat on the soft grass next to him, which surprised the boy more or less. He took his strings and formed a simple heart, looking at the princess sheepishly. \"Is this about the suitors ? Are you worried for me, about me having to marry not for love ?\" Half right. He nodded hesitantly as if taking that for an answer. \"You needn't worry, Tack. He can't force me into this, he loves me so.\" She smiled at him softly with caring eyes. Oh how he wished he could just tell her. ","Summary":" \"Suitors,\" the king began rather slowly as though he was trying to remember what to say. \"Suitor"},{"Movie":"Thief and the Cobbler","Title":"There Once Lived a Cobbler","Author":"Yunnora Lovespell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11368913","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I love the Thief & the Cobbler. Hands down it is my favorite artistic film. Both the cobbled version and the edited version. I was brought to it by Nostalgia Critic (My favorite critic by the way :) and just fell in love with it. So here is my second fic of it. Hope the fandom grows in popularity one day. Enjoy! There once lived a cobbler in the golden city of Baghdad. He was a poor man with very little to share. He spent his days cooped up in his home, tailoring slippers and shoes of the city's finest and it's poorest. Everyday a customer would come and the cobbler would smile, tacks tucked between his lips as he would silently accept their shoes. He was the best footwear mender around but the cobbler never boasted. In fact, he a humble man from humble beginnings; a genuine Tiny Tim of the silent sort. No the cobbler hardly spoke a word, finding no need. He rather enjoyed the sound of life without the tenor of his voice disrupting its melody. Instead he worked to the sounds of shuffling feet and little children's laughter as they scattered the city streets in a game of ball. If he had to pick laughter would be his favorite sound. Sitting at his work bench the cobbler sat in utter silence, his dancer like fingers twisting and weaving a yellow thread into a green studded slipper. It was a lovely piece of foot wear. It was made of wonderful quality though it showed a great deal of wear and tear. He didn't mind that it smelled. A shoe was a shoe and in this desert landscape a man's footwear was as precious as his horse. The pale man smiled, his heart warming as he gazed down at his work. A pair of pale green slippers, fitting for a lady, with jewels encrusted around the toe and heels and now a lovely ribbon of yellow as his own personal touch of décor. The thief in the window was mesmerized. The tan man had been standing at the window for quite some time, thinking to himself, watching the young cobbler twist and sew as if being driven by a power so much stronger than himself. My what a lovely pair of shoes , the thief thought to himself, entranced. Wouldn't those look good on my own two feet. His toes wiggled in their worn tan slippers. Better than these lumps of cloth. The thief gazed about the room, letting his eyes wander about the checkered colored walls and floor. The cobbler's home was of simple design. Nothing too flashy like rugs and stationed guards, but homely enough for a single man. The cobbler was skinny but so was the thief. He thought no better of it, knowing how hard surviving in this city could be. It was all the thief and the cobbler knew so neither had ever thought to venture far from what they knew as home. Guess I'll just let myself in. The thief wandered from his place at an open window to the open door. He poked his head inside, spider like fingers clasping the edge of the door. The cobbler had taken a very deep yawn. His prospects looked good and if the cobbler went to sleep the thief would have full rein of the young man's shop. Tack cupped his hand over his mouth, fighting off yet another yawn. He had been working diligently for hours, never stopping to rest or to take a break. His work was showing for it, however, threads dangling out sloppily and his hands now shaking for exhaust and hunger. He needed food and sleep. While he didn't have much food he did have a ration of bread and milk tucked away. He would need his strength if he were to finish these shoes in time for the customer's return. The cobbler set the shoes down, remiss to leave his work unfinished, but feeling his belly gurgle in protest. He stepped away from his work station, mouth watering as he sifted through a trunk. Inside he found the bread, only half stale, and the milk. It was work but hadn't curdled and for that he was grateful. The cobbler sat upon a small cushion and eat his bread, sipping gingerly at his milk. He preferred cold milk but beggars could not be chooses. To ease his mind he pretended to know what it was like to be of some distinguished house, or even a member of the royal family, being served all the cold milk he could dream of. The food, goodness, he could eat a royal feast at this point. The bread didn't taste as well as it had the night before but it was all he could give his aching belly. Sitting down the half-finished milk he saved away the rest of his bread and tucked them back into the trunk. Plucking the cushion out from under him Tack shimmied himself to the floor, his bandaged thumb brushing the cold dusty ground as he tried to get comfortable. When one slept upon the ground for so long they sort of get used to it. The only luxury he had to spare was his cushion. Tucking it under his head the cobbler closed his eyes, falling almost immediately into a deep sleep. The thief wasted no time in sneaking into the cobbler's home. The poor boy didn't have a lock to spare so the thief let himself in, a crooked smile gracing his face. Well that was easy. There were no dogs, no crocodiles, no tigers to hinder his progress. With sly smile in place the thief tip toed his way inside, minding the sleeping cobbler. The poor boy looked so thin, so very young. Why is he alone , the thief wondered? Surely the kid had family somewhere. A young wife, a giggling brat nearby? To his surprise he heard none. Nothing but silence. The thief felt uneasy but he pushed onward, heeding the call of the jewel encrusted slippers. They sat upon the cobbler's desk, jewels twinkling in the sunlight spilling in from the open window. Oh the slippers were lovely. Just down right steal-able. They looked so very alone sitting there in the light. The thief would only be doing the cobbler a favor by taking them off his hands. The cobbler shifted from his place on the floor and the thief twitched. The boy did not wake. The thief exhaled. What a thrill. Let's not repeat that. The thief picked up the shoes, admiring the work. Really the cobbler had outdone himself. He'd never seen work so methodical before. The stitch work was charming, drawing his eyes round and around with the swirls that circled around the heels. He glanced back at the cobbler, his throat drying at the pale man on the ground twisted and turned, trying to get comfy. The thief worked quickly slipping one of the slippers into his oversized sleeve. He made a quick jot for the door but to his dismay, one he was quite familiar with while in his trade, his foot caught. He hadn't noticed a stool on the floor and he tumbled forward upon impact. He felt, the slipper in his had flying from his grasp and landing on the cobbler's face. Tack woke with a start, grasping his nose where something soft and smelly had it it. He glanced down at his person, finding much to his shock one of the green slippers he had been mending. He glanced up, blue eyes widened curiously at his work desk. The other shoe… it was gone! Then his gaze shifted to the groaning pile of tan rags near the door. Tack's eyes widened even more. The thief! The cobbler sprang as quickly as he could to his feet, grasping the slipper in his hand as he reached for the other. The thief looked up in time gasping silently and rolling away from Tack's descent. The cobbler landed in a pile of limbs on the floor, shaking his head in time to see the thief make his way for the door. Tack gabbed the thief's ankle and pulled with all his might. The thief came down, his chin hitting the dirt floor so hard he could see stars. The cobbler wasted no time in trying to pry the shoe away, teeth gritting and loose tacks falling to the ground from his pockets in the process. The thief held strong pulling the shoe back hard. Not on your life kid , the thief inwardly groaned. The cobbler was stronger that he looked. It was a practical stalemate between the two starving men as they attempted to tug and twist the shoe out form each other's grasp. The shoe eventually slipped the thief sweaty hands and Tack got the slipper back. Unfortunately his weight shifted the cobbler went tumbling back. The thief fell too, his arm caught by the cobbler in a desperate move not to fall. They tumbled head over heels, smacking their hands on the ground and limbs tangling uncomfortably between them. Tack gave a soft wheeze as he landed on his back, weight falling over his top. Sitting on his core was the thief who's head was spinning from the all the action. Whoa what a head trip. The thief shook his head, willing away the stars in his eyes. He glanced down at the figure below him, eyes widened in shock. Tack's did as well, this time the cobbler's cheeks turning a bright shade of red. Well this is a fine howdy-do. The thief threw himself back off the cobbler. Sorry kid. Can't stick around. Got errands to run. The thief took his half of the prize and sprinted for the door, bypassing the stool as he ran. The cobbler clambered to his feet and ran to the door, stopping only when he realized the thief was no longer in sight. The thief was gone and so was the shoe. It made the cobbler's heart ache. He had worked so hard on those slippers. His customer was sure to be angry with him. He would have to find a way to replace the shoes. But wait! Tack glanced down at the single slipper in his hand. His eyes lit up like the desert sun, the cogs in his head cranking as ideas and formals sprang to the forefront of his mind. He still had the other slipper. With it he could build a whole new shoe to replace the stolen one! It was funny when he thought about it. The thief had taken a left shoe. The majority of his collection, footwear of all kinds that had been found and given to him as scraps and waste, were all without the left shoe. He had dozens of right footed shoes, very few with their left mates, but not a single left footed shoe. ","Summary":" I love the Thief & the Cobbler. Hands down it is my favorite artistic film. Both the cobbled versio"},{"Movie":"Thief and the Cobbler","Title":"The Thief of the Cobbler","Author":"old abandoned","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8788320","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I disappoint myself. This is probably my worst fanfic ever! Purple prose!? HOW DARE I!? Description porn!? GEEPEERS FREAKING CREEPERS! I see that... I am lame. I watched the movie and stuff came to my mind. Guilty, plz. I feel like a dirty bi- I mean, I should be lynched. Sigh, you may read the short story. Yes, this is a short story. Oneshot, if you must rely on urban words. 3,000 words, though, are like so many and 8 (not including the opening and ending AN) pages according to Microsoft Word did not help. So pregnant with words and egregiously flowery, eugh! Read away~ The Thief of the Cobbler Poor thief. Poor nameless, unpleasant, foul-smelling thief. Things were never the same for him, unfortunately. He did not know if he could call himself a thief anymore. It was some time ago when he unintentionally saved the Golden City from the impending destruction by stealing—which many have mistaken him as retrieving—the golden balls and from then on, many have recognized him as some sort of hero. Doesn't sound too bad, right? Frankly, the thief thought it was good at first, but he felt that it got out of hand when every time he'd emerge from the shadows, people would often identify him as the man who somewhat saved the city from the evil One-Eyes. This meant that he couldn't be as sneaky as he was back then because everybody knows him now. Shame. The thief had spent years in the city attempting to steal but ultimately fail because they always spotted him and they also knew his hiding places. As a result, he ran away from the city—that was only what he wanted them to think. The thief walked around the palace, mostly underneath its patterns so he'd not be seen by the guards. For a while he secretly lived in the dungeon's cells. Never mind that no one bothered to go there but it was an adequate enough place to crash in. For a good amount of weeks he stayed there, still in hiding. During his unauthorized stay, he had stolen a few things. He needed no reason or a particular victim, he just couldn't help himself. Anyhow, the thief walked around the palace and went through some of the most complex rooms ever. He wasn't really sure why he's just aimlessly roaming but it was nice seeing all the wonderful colors and patterns of the palace's interior had to offer. He often wondered if someone has walked around here before and died from getting lost. Nevertheless, he took the time in looking at the glorifying strangeness of it all. He settled himself back to his cell again when he got tired. It was amazing that he had able to retrace his steps. Unsurprisingly, he brought some new stolen goods from his sightseeing. Some of them are food in order for him to live another day. The thief being as thin as a twig, he really should give himself a treat. At the end of the day, the thief was feeling bored to death. The main reason was because that ended up cloistering himself in a miserable hole of a cell and though he still thieves, it didn't have the same thrill it had like when he did it in public. He was a thief but he didn't think his standards could get any lower, he thought. He was reduced to a thief that is rather trying hard to do what he once did best. He thought that he didn't feel like he stole any of the things he's stolen because he was still inside the castle, and it barely broke any laws. Stealing, he thought was more legitimate if done in the presence of a crowd as he tries to be careful an see that no one was watching him. To him, this doesn't feel like theft. It's merely, borrowing without asking, he thought—the ironic excuse of every person who actually steals one's possessions. Which is why he wished to steal something completely different. The thief began to think. Prized possessions are not enough for him anymore. A thief of his calibre who never gave up and that actually managed to steal the three golden balls would dare to go beyond. Stealing treasure, money, clothes and/or whatever he could get his sticky hands on was child's play for him. The suckers could practically retrieve their missing precious things. He had one too many arrests to recall some of his encounters with the law and had them force him to return the stuff he'd stolen. Nothing lost, nothing gained. And he thought more and more to find out what he could possibly steal that the victim could never get back... Also irreplaceable and it cannot be bought ever again. More thinking time ensued. Embarrassing! How could he just let himself get totaled by an old lady like that? It's a good thing that the square she was walking on was extraordinarily deserted. He'll think twice next time when he tries to get a hold of someone's bananas (AN: make of that what you will). Meanwhile, a cobbler, aptly named Tack, continued to work in his sleep, hammering and whatnot. He hit his thumbs, adjusted the tacks in his mouth, pulled a needle from his pants and puts an imaginary thread through it. God knows what he's dreaming about. Trying his luck elsewhere, the thief decided to go to a random house. The house was unlike any other; shoes were hanging about everywhere. Through the pair of boots near the entrance, he looked around and went upstairs. Right away, he saw the cobbler soundly asleep. He focused on his patched pockets and attempted to snatch something from it—a tiny little sack filled with...nothing. Save for a moth. Then he thought, 'whatever'. Before he could get away, the sleeping cobbler started to knock on the thief's head with a hammer. Suddenly, Tack stretched his body open and accidentally pinned down the thief between his legs, strangling him a little. Tack pulled out a needle and thread and began sewing the thief's robe on his baggy pants. Still, sound asleep, let it be known. Now, the thief was really struggling. Before it could be noted that the incident was eerily familiar, in an unexpected turn of events which the thief tried to pull himself away from the cobbler, he managed to do so but ripping off the cobbler's pants, exposing bare legs with striped socks. He was certain that he could escape now but something caught his attention. The natural spotlight above the cobbler's ceiling shone on his still lying body and his skin started to change color. He could've sworn he just saw him as pale as chalk dust seconds ago but... Tan! That fast? Was it because he's much more exposed now and the sunlight easily gave him more melanin? He was sleeping there all day so how could his face and arms not get tan by then? Regardless, the thief's eyes were currently at him. He found the cobbler, suddenly fascinating. His bare legs looked a lot more strapping than he thought. He thought the cobbler looked pale but he expected him to frail as well. He certainly had skinny arms but not as stick-like as his, the thief's. Curiosity settled and he wanted to see more of him. He went closer to him, observing his body from nearby. He's more focused on the legs and he carefully stroked them with bony fingers. Tack twitched a bit but he's still not out of his slumber. The thief was taking advantage of it and things then came into his thoughts. How the cobbler looked so innocent like that. Not even snoring; just sleeping like a little boy, dreaming. A slow movement from his chest due to his gentle breathing, he also took notice. The thief can't help but suddenly feel warm inside. It was not because the city was in the middle of the desert, it's just him. Ever so carefully, his hands went up to his torso and unbuttoned the patch covered shirt, revealing more of his toned skin. He stopped halfway to observe his now bare chest. Even though they're not as bulged as hills or as flat as a chopping board, he can still see some indications that he worked out. He probably got it from so much hammering. Speaking of which, he started to take half of the cobbler's top off to see his arms and they too looked as strapping as his legs. Shortly, he snapped himself out of this since he can't comprehend his motive for this, at all. He barely knew this person. He's practically a stranger, so why on earth was he interested in this thing ? If it was because of his body- No, he was not going there. He is not like that. Why [he'd] never... not in a million years... [he] isn't and never will be!...Right? , he kept thinking to himself. And yet... another guess; simple curiosity, perchance? If so, then he must be very, very, very curious. Then yet again, what level of curiosity is the kind that can lead to stripping someone in their sleep? Uhh, perverse curiosity? No... , he denied, once again. That's ridiculous. Oh, was it? Was he sure? And the thief's breathing was getting heavier. He was sweating profusely and he can't find a way to cool down. And it's definitely not the heat. So many thoughts... So many images... So many questions... He could just scream. He was already panting but he kept it as silent as possible. The flies on his head have multiplied. His heart was racing so fast inside of him that its finish line would be to jump out of his chest. He held on to himself and there was so much pain. Good pain. It doesn't hurt but it was good and quite ecstatic. He went back to where he stopped which was taking half off of Tack's shirt. His shoulder was as exposed as ever and he not even noticing it, the cobbler's skin was tanner than ever. Maybe he did but decided to get over with that, quickly. Now if he could just take out the whole arm... Slowly... slowly... What a fine arm! The thief felt more breath coming out of his chest. No more doubts, he was going to go through this. He decided to quickly get the other arm out of the cobbler's shirt. Now there were two fine arms. And now, he just had to see every inch of him. Please, do not awake . He can't take it anymore and he needed to overcome this. Blood was rushing to his sickly looking skin. His arms stretched and his hands attempted to get a hold of the now misplaced clothing of the cobbler. Tack's pants were torn and that made it much easier. There was more to see and he knew it. Those legs, those arms, that chest, and the fine sleeping face, smiling with the tacks in his mouth that seemed to complete it. A strange but adorable sight it was. But he did not mind if the cobbler's eyes are closed and not knowing what their color could be or how big they are for what mattered the most was everything of him. He will do it! This is it! The moment he had been dying to- But then...the thief seemed to have frozen. His hands were close to the cobbler's pants but he suddenly felt his nerves stopped from working. What sorcery was this? His mouth remained open and he could not close them. In fact, everything seemed to have paralyzed to this position, except for his eyes. They moved back and forth. What...the...hell!? Oh no, the thief is starting to lose balance. The aforementioned pain still transpiring, he still felt the sore on his knees and just fell face forward to the sleeping cobbler. Adding insult to injury, at least literally, his still outward hands have hit the tacks that were in his mouth. With one push, the thief woke up. Tack felt a stinging pain in his mouth. As the thief had fallen, he accidentally pushed the tacks into his mouth which might have pierced some gums. Tack got up from his lying position and he checked his mouth with his finger. Blood dropped from the corner of his lips. He spat out the one bloody tack along with a few amount of tainted sputum. As soon as making clear of that, he saw the thief whose face was dug in his crotch. And his pants were torn! Tack was staggered and his eyes were at him. The thief was terrified and his own eyes were at him. They are blue... , he thought as he stared at the cobbler. Tack had no idea what was happening. He was almost undressed to the waist down. His suspenders only kept it from completely falling off. No wonder he felt a draft. And then there was this ; the thief under his nose. It's obvious that he had something to do with this. In fact, he had everything to do with it. And that was when his eyebrows started to furrow. What will he do? The thief, still terrified, started to tremble. He was now seeing two steely blue eyes staring down at him with a crossed expression. He could beg for mercy but he was not completely out of his pain yet. He could see the cobbler, proud and tall above his face. He was tougher than he looked. Now awake, he did not need to prove that much more clearly. It's also clear that he won't be able to fully disrobe the cobbler anymore, so he tried to reach for his hat. The look of his full head of hair would be a good last thing to see. Too bad it was cut short when Tack decided to spit the one tack on his mouth into the thief's eye and all at once, everything looked red... ! The thief emerged from his sleep with a loud but still not as audible, breathy squeal. Sweat was all over and flies swarmed around him. He was breathing very heavily as his heart raced. He sensed a wet feeling between his- I think we can all figure that out. In short, he felt the same way he felt in the dream he recently had. And a great idea has popped into his head. He had completely remembered still about stealing something that can never be obtained ever again. He owed something to his vision of the cobbler in his head. He saw such innocence. The cobbler had a petite look but he showed that it was not so. That, to the thief, was worth taking away for. The sheer innocence and purity of what he had, he will be there to destroy it. And if it weren't for that annoying tan mime, the golden balls would've been his even if hit was for no reason at all besides him being a thief. Without a second thought, he rushed out of his cell and ascended the stairs where he would eventually figure out where the living room of the palace. He broke into the place so much in the past that he would've had the whole platform memorized. He ran as fast as he could to the targeted location. Tack was in a room, decorating the walls with curtains and curtains of fabric with beautiful colors with patterns. With a hammer and some nails (in his mouth this time, rather than his usual shoe tacks), he hung them almost everywhere, completely obscuring the wall, which on itself, was just as patterned as everything else. But it had to be done for it was a special occasion. \"Now don't just hang them like that willy-nilly,\" the princess's nanny was helping him. \"Remember, you are decorating. Don't make this room look like a silk convention,\" she said. Tack, as always, responded minimally and gave a subtle nod. Nevertheless, he continued to hammer and nail the curtain's strings to the wall. If he would be able to speak, he'd say that they look fine. The thief was out of breath. Despite being able to know where to go in such a crazy built palace, the number of stairs doesn't count. They're either much more or less than he remembered. He somehow managed anyway and could hear a familiar voice of the woman he has feared since the banana incident. He decided to proceed to that place where the voice was coming from to see if the cobbler was there. He heard her talking to someone so it wouldn't hurt to see who it was. Just to make sure. So after a few steps through the corridors of nonsense, he was near the room where fabric decorations spilled everywhere. What the occasion was, he didn't bother to ask himself. He snuck his face through the overly curtained entrance and he was almost not quite delighted with what he saw. The only recognizable feature of him was the way he expressed with the knick-knacks on his mouth. He was clad in much more modest clothing and the hat he wore did not make his hair stick out at all. But what saved him from true disappointment was that he saw that the cobbler still had the facade of innocence on him and his were eyes still as blue and not much expression on him. Whether he's technically not a cobbler anymore or still is, nothing would stop him from wanting him to be alone somewhere—preferably, the dungeon-stealing every ounce of his- and revenge. First, he had to wait for the old lady to disappear. He'd not want to run in to her again. Moments later, the lady did finally exit and he hid behind a nearby plant, just in case. The hammering sound from the room was a sign that he's still there and now, all alone. An opportunity at hand and it was the time for him to act. The thrill was multiplied and he can feel it again as he made his creeping gaits toward the entrance. This would be better than anything he had stolen. He'd be able to cherish that moment forever and tainting the victim that would be in his grasp. Should he succeed, he'll probably give up thieving once and for all, even if it meant the violation of a pure soul. \"Tack!\" a woman's voice said. The thief, upon hearing this, decided to stop for a while. \"Oh my, I can't remember what this room used to look like at all!\" It was the Princess YumYum (AN: That name bothers me still) in the room with her husband. That's all there is. The thief sighed and had to wait again for someone to disappear. He continued anyway to see what was going on. Through the curtained fabrics again, his eyes popped up. \"This will be lovely once she...or he arrives. You are amazing!\" she complimented, enclosing him in a lovely embrace. When will this schmaltz end? The thief waited impatiently. The hug lasted for an unbelievably long amount of minutes. When they finally let go, what the thief saw on the princess shocked him out of his mind— She had a swollen belly which she fondled carefully. The curious cobbler-prince did the same and let out a small but deep giggle. \"I love you, Tack.\" After removing the nails in his mouth, \"And I lo-\" Covering his ears, he ran away from the terrible scene. Once more, as fast as he could, he ran through the halls, down some stairs, up some stairs, wherever direction, north, south, east, and west, until he finally came to the conclusion that he has gotten lost. But he didn't care; he just needed to go as far away from the room as possible and for that, he tripped. It just cannot be. It was unacceptable. He failed way too quickly. He thought that it was to be like he dreamt it would. But alas, he was deceived. The cobbler, which he thought that even if he looked different now, he was still the same naive, handsome, shoe slave, was already a broken love struck fool. It was too unexpected a twist and he's now blaming himself as a fool, too. Truly disappointed, he felt. Somewhere within the palace's corners, he was sulking. His chest hurt with the aching sensation of bitterness. He slowly stood up and walked up to the large window he saw. His eyes then looked away into the horizon and a somber gust swept in. Not much emotion on his face but his pupils quivered and were damp from tears. Then he changed his sights to the ground below. It was then, the painful truth that he now had to admit, was to commence— It was too late. He had a good plan going on but it has been wasted. He'll never be able to make something like that again. He was saving his desecrate notions for the cobbler, and for him alone but now, that too has been wasted. Everybody would say that it's easy to do that to everyone else but the thief did not found as such. There was a feeling of exclusive fascination that he felt as if it was new. There are a lot of innocent souls in the world, so would he instead find a new victim? No. There may be, yes, but there was only one cobbler like Tack. Also, even his despicable self found the alternative sinful. He was a thief but he would never stoop to doing so to souls he had never met nor felt an attraction too. He was not a maniac. His head looked lower down from the window [He] was a thief. [And] a very lucky thief, because he had escaped more than once from his crimes in his lifetime. He had a good run and he has a long life to prove it. He was a thief. Always a thief. A thief who shall be...nameless... -Finis- Thanks. Review, if you must. Time for a longwinded AN: I stumbled upon this movie which I was curious about because of its history and then, things happen. I'm burning this bridge as we cross it. And thus, the fic has spawned. And I kinda lied to myself because I said to a memo that I won't be going back to fanfic- ing unless the finals are over. Now it's subverted because as I write this, the finals ARE over. Once again, review! :) ","Summary":" I disappoint myself. This is probably my worst fanfic ever! Purple prose!? HOW DARE I!? Description"},{"Movie":"Felidae","Title":"Fan in Felidae","Author":"FreddysNightmare1984","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7478873","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HEYO everyone, it's Julia with a new story, and it's all about FELIDAE ! i love that movie, although it is pretty creepy and i suggest that you don't watch it if you're under 18, unless you're into horror movies and can handle a lot of gore. and i mean a LOT of gore. anyway, this is my first Felidae fic, and i hope you like it. review please! DISCLAIMER: i DO NOT own Felidae , or any of it's characters. i only own Julia It was your typical day... well, if you were me that is. I went to class, as usual, and then went straight home to study and check Facebook. Exciting, right? Well, that was my life before the incident... the one that changed my life forever. It started like any other day. When I got home from class I decided to watch one of my favorite movies... Felidae. Sure it was kind of disturbing and the mutilated cat corpses sometimes were hard to watch, but it was still a pretty awesome movie. So I went to my YouTube account and brought up the playlist that had the whole Felidae movie on it. It was 11:30 by the time the movie was over, and I decided to start reading the Felidae book, which had just come in the mail for me a day earlier. I stretched out on my bed and opened to page one. After about 15 minutes, I yawned and I couldn't keep my eyes open another second. I set the book down and turned out the light, hoping that mutilated cats wouldn't plague my dreams. ... I woke up to the sound of a cat yowling. \"Ugh, stupid Charlie\" I grumbled. That dang cat always wants out in the middle of the night. I opened my eyes and sat up... and nearly fell over. \" GAH! \" I gripped the side of the roof that I was on... wait, ROOF? How the crap did I get up here? And where the heck was I anyway? I scrambled up onto the roof, my heart hammering in my chest. Wait, something wasn't right... besides that fact that I was on the roof of an unknown building with absolutely no clue how I'd gotten there. I looked down and nearly jumped out of my skin... I had PAWS! Furry, cream colored cat paws! \"WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON?\" I yelled, scared out of my mind. What was happening, where was I... why was I a cat? The cat calls grew louder and suddenly a cat popped through a nearby hole in the roof. He grunted and struggled to get through the hole. There was something familiar about the cat... he suddenly noticed me. \"Please, help me!\" he sounded desperate. I blinked and that's when I realized... Francis , the cat was Francis, from Felidae! \"Holy crap!\" I gasped, hurrying over to him. \"Give me your paw!\" he yelled. I could hear yowls from the other side of the roof and, if my guess was correct, the Claudandus sect members were after Francis right about now. \"I must be in the middle of the movie!\" I thought as I grabbed Francis' paw. I pulled and managed to get him out of the hole. \"Thanks\" he panted. \"Uh... n-no problem\" I stammered. He glanced behind him, then turned to me. \" Run! \" \"What, but...\" \"No time to explain, just RUN! \" he tuned and ran. I hesitated a moment, but ran after him just as the other cats burst through the hole, yowling madly. Francis and I were running so fast, I could barely tell where we were going. After running across several more rooftops, we came to one that was familiar. \"Felicity's house!\" I thought as Francis skidded to a stop ahead of me. I tried to stop too, but smacked into him and sent the both of us tumbling through a skylight window. \" Oof! \" I landed right on Francis. I gasped and quickly got off of him. \"S-Sorry\" I stammered. \"It's all right\" Francis groaned, standing up. \"You're new in the neighborhood, aren't you?\" a soft voice asked. I smiled. Felicity! She was one of my favorite cats from the movie. Francis and I turned to face her. \"Yes, that's right\" Francis said, walking toward her. \"The name's Francis. And this... um...\" he chuckled, turning to me. \"I'm sorry, I never got your name\" I blushed. \"Julia... I'm Julia\" \"nice to meet you\" Francis smiled, then turned back to Felicity. \"Friend or foe?\" she asked. \"Friend\" Francis and I both said. \"A friend forever\" Francis said, walking closer to the chair Felicity was sitting on. \"Friends who fell suddenly, out of the sky\" Felicity said. \"Well, not exactly...\" Francis started. \"Only from the skylight, not from the sky\" I nodded. \"Yeah\" Felicity jumped out of the chair and went to the windowsill. \"I was escaping lunatics from the Claudandus sect. they objected to me watching their ceremony\" Francis explained. \"that sounds typical of them\" \"they're a bunch of jerks\" I grumbled. \"Has it gotten light outside yet?\" Felicity asked. Francis nodded, jumping up onto the windowsill beside her. \"Yes, but surely you can see that for your...\" \"Francis\" I jumped up beside him, nodding toward Felicity. He looked at her and nodded. \"Oh... you're blind\" \"thank you Captain Obvious\" I said, giggling. \"I'm not blind\" Felicity said. \"Then what...?\" \"I just can't see\" she turned and jumped to the floor, going over to sit by the fireplace. Francis and I followed her. \"Do you ever go out?\" Francis asked. \"No, though not a day of my life goes by, not one day that... I haven't wished I could see this world, evil and cruel though it is\" \"I... I'm sorry\" Francis said quietly. \"Me too\" I added. \"It is wonderful to be able to see, although... some things make me wish I couldn't\" \"why are you sorry? There are much worse things in this life\" Felicity said. \"We could get used to anything...except having to live on a dog kennel, possibly\" the three of us laughed. \"But listen, have you always... I mean...\" Francis started. \"Been blind?\" Felicity finished. I nodded. \"Uh, yeah\" \"yes, from birth\" \"bummer\" I mumbled. \"But you know what?\" Felicity said. \"I see pictures, pictures in my mind\" \"cool\" I said. \"What kind of pictures?\" Francis asked. \"I see these people grouped around me, and they're so big... tall and, somehow, bright. One of them bends over me... he smiles, and then he has something that glistens in his hand... then terrible pain... then I fall asleep\" she sniffed, as though she were trying not to cry, and ran back to the windowsill. I followed after her, putting my arm around her. Poor, poor Felicity! \"I don't think you were blind from birth\" Francis said. \"I'd say that some human has done something terrible to you\" I nodded. \"Yes, that's what it sounds like to me too\" \"but that can't be\" Felicity said. \"The human race is the kindest there is... who else would give a useless thing like me a home?\" \"You're not useless!\" I said. \"You are kind, beautiful, special... you're unique \" \"thank you for saying so Julia... you have a kind and gentle heart\" \"thanks\" I said softly, smiling. \"Uh, can I change the subject and ask you a question, um...?\" Felicity turned to him. \"Felicity\" \"have you heard anything you'd describe as unusual in the last few weeks?\" \"Only the death cries\" \"whoa\" I shuddered. \" Creepy! \" \"This means you're the first witness I've found to the killings!\" Francis said, jumping up onto the windowsill beside Felicity and me. \"I don't see why you're so interested in this\" \"Felicity, we're talking about murder! \" he looked at me. \"Julia, you're new around here too, right?\" \"Um...\" I nodded slowly. \"Yes\" \"well I might as well tell you that there's a murderer on the loose!\" \"No chiz\" I thought, but out loud I said, \"Really?\" Francis nodded. \"Yes\" he looked at Felicity. \"Oh, I'm sure you're wrong\" Felicity said. \"I think it's more likely that it's sex that's just gone too far\" \"and why do you think that?\" Francis asked. \"The death cries... always uttered by tomcats. I could tell by their growls that they were... excited. Somebody they knew is suddenly there... and although they're excited, they don't attack him\" \"and did this someone speak to our excited, expectant brothers?\" Francis asked. \"Yes. I'm sorry I couldn't hear what he was saying to them... but his tone of voice, there was a sense of urgency in his tone, a persuasive conviction... he was trying to tell them something of great importance\" I blinked. \"What, though?\" Francis pondered out loud. \"So, uh... what then?\" \"And then... then I'd hear those awful cries\" \"do you know anything about the Claudandus sect?\" Francis asked. \"Are they a cult or something?\" I asked. I figured it would be wise to act as though I had no clue what was going on. How the crap would I be able to explain what I knew anyway? Francis nodded. \"Yes, they're the cats that were chasing us earlier\" \"oh\" \"I don't know much\" Felicity said. \"Only that they pray to a dead martyr called Claudandus, a brother who lived around here many years ago and was tortured by men all his life... tormented horribly\" \"how do you know that?\" I asked. A squeak form overhead made us jump and look up. Bluebeard was looking down at us from the skylight. \"Why did you run off?\" he asked, looking at Francis. \"The brothers just wanted to talk\" \"I'll bet they did, with three hundred volts loosening my tongue, right?\" Francis snapped sarcastically. He turned to Felicity. \"I'll be back soon, real soon. But right now I've got to get something straight with my friend \" he jumped up through the skylight, then looked down at me. \"Are you coming Julia?\" I hesitated, looking at Felicity. She seemed to sense my hesitation. \"Go on little sister... I'll be fine here\" she said softly. I smiled slightly and went to her, nuzzling her. \"I'll be back too, I swear \" I said. I didn't know Felicity very well, although I already cared for her like a sister. And I only hoped that, this time around, she would survive. I jumped up through the skylight and followed after Francis and Bluebeard. Bluebeard looked at me. \"Who the hell are you?\" \"I'm Julia\" I said. \"She's with me Bluebeard\" Francis said. \"Oh, I see... hoping to get lucky, eh Francis?\" Bluebeard chuckled, while I got red in the face. \"You've got some nerve Buster , talking about us like that!\" \"Relax dollface\" I growled and rolled my eyes. \"Come on you two, let's go back to my place\" Francis said. \"We can talk more there\" I sighed and nodded, following after the two tomcats. My mind was racing. How had I gotten here? Would I ever see my home again? And perhaps one of the most important questions of all... why was I here? well ,what do you think? i know Julia's not in the story much so far, but she will be, don't worry. review please, and i hope to update soon. -FreddysNightmare1984[Chapter 2] HEYO ALL! i'm finally updating Fan in Felidae ! please excuse the delay, i've just been realy busy, not to mention i've been having computer problems lately. but anywho, i hope you enjoy, and please review DISCLAIMER: i DO NOT own Felidae , or any of it's characters. i only own Julia A little while later I was sitting in Gus' kitchen sink with Francis and Bluebeard, the two of them eating some fish off of a plate. I love fish as much as the next guy, but the sight of the uncooked stuff made my stomach churn. \"You were happy enough when I got involved in investigating the murders on the block, and then you go and withhold really important information\" Francis was saying as he took a bite of his fish. Bluebeard grumbled as he took a fish and shoved it in his mouth. \"The sect don't mean much\" he mumbled through a mouthful of fish. \"agh thag mumbah jumbah\" I grinned. \"Dude, didn't your mother ever teach you not to talk with your mouth full?\" Francis chuckled. \"What did you say Bluebeard?\" Bluebeard sighed and pulled the fish out of his mouth. \"It's a cheap thrill or two, just to see who's chicken and who ain't. It's all bullshit anyway\" Francis chuckled again and shook his head. \"That's not what I'd call it\" I nodded. \"Me neither… they seemed downright serious\" \"the sect's been going for quite a while. Joker teaches the gospel of Claudandus as its high priest, and over the years the blowhard's attracted quite a following. That's all\" Bluebeard said. \" Joker? \" Francis said, sounding surprised. \"I take it that Joker is the master of ceremonies with the charm of a viper\" \"that's right, but I can promise you it's harmless Francis. No one knows who Claudandus really was or if he even really existed\" Bluebeard then went back to devouring the fish. \"Can we eat now?\" \"Yes, of course Bluebeard\" Francis said. \"Then maybe we can meet this genius you've told me about\" \"as far as humans go, your can opener is a remarkably good cook, absolutely fantastic! \" Bluebeard said as he was finishing the fish. Francis turned to me. I knew what he was looking at… the third fish on the plate that had remained untouched the whole time. \"Aren't you going to eat?\" I shook my head. \"Um, n-no… I'm not hungry\" my stomach chose that moment to growl quite loudly. Bluebeard laughed. \"Not hungry my ass!\" Francis picked up the fish and held it out to me. \"Go on Julia, eat. I insist\" I swallowed hard. I was pretty hungry, but a raw fish ? The human part of me was saying 'no way'. But I licked my lips and sighed, finally giving in. \"thanks\" I said quietly as I took the fish from Francis. I stared at it for a few seconds and realized that Francis and Bluebeard were both staring at me. I blinked. \"Do you mind ? You don't see me staring at you when you eat, do you?\" Bluebeard grinned, amused. \"Relax dollface\" I rolled my eyes and hesitantly sank my teeth into the fish. The stench alone was enough to make me not want to eat it, but I didn't want the guys to think I was a weirdo. I tore a small hunk out of the fish and chewed as quickly as possible, swallowing with a shudder. \"Like it?\" Francis asked. I forced a smile and nodded. \"Oh yeah, it… it's great \" needless to say, I ate my first raw fish that afternoon. ... I was nervous as we made our way to Pascal's house. \"I looked in Gus' dictionary\" Francis was saying as we approached the house. \"Claudandus is a Latin word meaning, 'he who should or must be sealed'\" \"hmm, fascinating\" I said. \"What do you think it means?\" Francis asked. \"Let me put the ol' thinking cap on\" Bluebeard said with a hint of sarcasm. \"Oh, you do think, do you?\" Francis said teasingly. We snickered. \"I think nonstop, surprises you, eh?\" Bluebeard said as we jumped up onto the top of a small stone wall. I giggled. \"Yes, very much so\" Bluebeard laughed. \"I even read a book once\" I smiled. \"I think I'm starting to warm up to this guy\" I thought as we walked along the wall and hopped into a yard. I frowned in disgust as Bluebeard made his mark on the front step of the house. He grinned when he saw the look on my face. \"Ahh, Bluebeard was here\" he said. I rolled my eyes. \" Men \" I grumbled as we made our way inside. \"Very impressive\" Francis said, looking around the house. \"Although the pictures of naked people are a bit much\" I said flatly, frowning up at the large paintings on the wall. \"I mean really , who in their right mind would have this kind of stuff in their house? It'd be pretty awkward to have a party in here with guests over\" Bluebeard and I laughed. Francis glanced up at the paintings. \"Have we come to the house of an art collector or a pimp?\" I giggled. \"Definitely pimp I'd say\" \"well your guess is as good as mine\" Bluebeard said. \"I believe the can opener who owns this joint has some job as a scientist, or was it a parascicologist, I don't know, what's the difference?\" then he headed up some stairs off to the side. Francis and I glanced at each other and followed after him. we came into what looked like some sort of study, with a large painting of Gregor Mendel hanging on the wall. \"Delighted to see you my friends\" a voice behind us said, making me jump. We turned and saw a large fluffy cat sitting at a computer. He turned to us. \"I hope you enjoyed your tour of the house\" he jumped to the floor and walked over to us. He looked even larger in person, but that might have been because of his thick fur. Bluebeard smiled slightly and nodded toward Francis. \"This brother here is Francis and this clever brother here is Pascal\" he motioned toward the big cat. Then he looked at me. \"And this little sister is Julia\" Pascal and I looked at each other, and the older cat's eyes widened a little. \"Oh my\" he smiled. \"Forgive me my dear, for I am not used to having such… lovely company\" I smiled a little. \"Oh, well… thank you\" Pascal looked back and forth between Francis and me. \"I'm glad to meet the two of you. I think we'll get along fine\" he glanced at me again. \"Can I offer you something to eat?\" Bluebeard's eyes lit up. \"Thanks, but we've eaten already Pascal\" Francis said politely. Bluebeard nudged him. \"Shut up, will you, Asshole?\" he grumbled. \"Personally, I can handle a little bit of an extra mouthful or two\" Pascal chuckled. \"Well, you know where the kitchen is, you'll find some kidneys in a dish\" Bluebeard scampered down the stairs almost as fast as Speedy Gonzales. I shook my head. \"Always thanking with his stomach\" I mumbled. Francis and I then followed Pascal over to the computer. \"To tell you the truth, I never thought I'd see one of us sitting at a computer and actually knowing how to use it\" Francis said as we jumped up in front of the monitor, somehow with me ending up between Francis and Pascal. \"I'm trying in my feeble way to use the computer to get on the track of the murderer you're out to find\" I smiled. \"I love computers\" Pascal turned to me. \"You know about computers? Have you ever used one before?\" I nodded. \"Oh yes, lots of times\" the older cat smiled, looking impressed. He then turned to the computer and typed something out. \"Do either of you know the meaning of this word, Felidae?\" Francis shook his head. \"Could it be a scientific name for all our family divisions, cats as we're usually called?\" Pascal sighed. \"Felidae… evolution has created an astounding number of various creatures, not one however deserves the respect and wonder the genes Felidae has earned\" he brought up a list on the computer. \"What is all that?\" I asked, even though I already knew. \"Those of us who live in the neighborhood\" Pascal said. \"Name, age, sex, breed, markings…\"he looked at me. \"I almost forgot I need to add you two now as well\" \" Incredible \" Francis breathed. \"Yes, it is\" Pascal said. \"Even better if it could help us solve a murder\" Francis turned to him. \"Did you know that all of the dead brothers were…\" \"Yes\" I blinked. \"Huh?\" \"They were all on the prowl after some female in heat\" Pascal explained. I jumped, feeling something brush against my tail just then. I turned and saw Pascal's tail brushing against mine. I tried to ignore the uncomfortable feeling welling up inside me as Francis continued. \"I have an idea… find out what breed they were, that may lead us to a new tie up\" I smiled. \"Great idea Francis\" Pascal nodded. \"Simple enough\" his tail brushed against mine again as he looked up the victims on the computer. \"Well none of them were particularly aristocratic examples of Felidae\" \"but all the same race\" Francis said. \"They weren't just excited and male, they were European Shorthairs\" \"weird\" I said quietly. Pascal shook his head. \"No, not true Francis…\" he started typing something. \"… I haven't yet added the sixth victim to the list\" my heart froze at his words. \"No\" I thought. \"Please God, NO !\" my heart hammered in my chest as I looked at the word Pascal typed: Felicity \" Felicity! \" Francis cried. \"Yes, Felicity I'm afraid\" Pascal said quietly. \"Pascal, no , that can't be true! Julia and I just left her a hour ago!\" I didn't wait to see if Francis was following, even though I knew he was. I bolted off the desk and out of the house, my heart hammering in my chest 100 miles an hour as I ran. \"It can't be true, it can't be!\" I yelled as I ran. But I knew, even as Felicity's house came into view, that it was too late… I had failed to protect my friend. OH NO! i hated that Felicity was killed in the movie, THOSE JERKWADS ! anyways, i hope you enjoyed this chappie, and i'll try to update again soon, hopefully within the next week. oh, and don't forget to review! -FreddysNightmare1984[Chapter 3] WHOOT! i've got another chapter of Fan in Felidae done, and holy crap, this is a LONG one! dang, it took me a couple hours to finish it, as i've had the first bit done for a while. anywho, this chapter contains a lot of added material, i'm surprised that i wrote so much extra stuff. but i hope you enjoy, and please review! DISCLAIMER: i DO NOT own Felidae, or any of it's characters. i only own Julia I didn't even realize I was screaming until I heard Francis yell my name. \"Julia!\" I snapped out of it then, my screams ceasing into sobs. We were on the roof of Felicity's house, right outside the skylight. I had looked down through the window, even though I knew what I would see. But I hadn't known that it would be quite that horrific. It had been bad enough seeing it on a computer screen, but seeing it in reality, knowing that it was real now… it was just too grotesque to bear. Her decapitated body, her head on one the side of the rug she was lying on, her body on the other, surrounded by a pool of blood. \"Felicity's gone Francis, she's gone! \" I fell to my stomach, my legs giving way beneath me. Francis knelt beside me. \"There's nothing we could have done…\" \"Yes there is, we could have saved her!\" I yelled. \"I should've stayed here with her, I never should have left her alone!\" I moved away from Francis, sniffing as tears blurred my vision. \"It should be me down there, not her!\" Francis suddenly got right in my face, looking angry. \"Don't say things like that! Listen to you, do you realize what you're saying?\" \"Yes of course I do!\" I yelled. \"And I mean it, it should've been me! \" \" No! \" Francis sighed. \"Damn it, how do you think Felicity would feel if she heard you saying such things? She wouldn't want you to think like that…\" he sighed. \"And I don't either\" he added softly, placing his paw over mine. \"Julia, I promise you we'll find whoever did this, and he will pay … with his life, if that's what it takes\" I sniffed, blushing as Francis reached out and wiped my tears with his paw. \"We're in this together , right?\" I sighed and nodded. \"Yes Francis\" I said quietly. He smiled sadly and put his arm around me, pulling me into a hug. I snuggled into him, thankful that I wasn't going through this alone. ... \"her eyes were wide open as though, even with her last breath, the one thing she longed desperately for was to see\" it was about an hour later, and Francis and I were lying underneath an old dead tree, Bluebeard lounging on the trunk in front of us. \"It's sad, but life goes on guys\" the old Manx said. I glared at him. \"Easy for you to say Bluebeard, you didn't know her like Francis and I did!\" Francis put his paw over mine, and I sighed, taking a deep breath. \"Did you find that cliché in the one and only book you boasted that you'd read, Bluebeard?\" he snapped. The older cat almost looked hurt. \"I was just trying to help\" Francis sighed, closing his eyes. \"I swear that whoever murdered Felicity is going to pay for it\" he stood and looked skyward. \"You hear me, you bastard?\" he yelled. \"I'm going to make you pay!\" I nodded. \"I will too, ya hear! I won't rest until we find you!\" Bluebeard decided to join in the threat shouting. \"We'll get ya Shithead!\" \"Forget what Pascal says\" Francis said, going over and jumping up onto a low stone wall. \"Felicity was killed because she knew too much\" I nodded, jumping up beside him. \"She did seem very knowledgeable\" Francis and I walked together along the wall, Bluebeard trailing behind us. \"Was it because she talked to us?\" Francis pondered out loud. \"If so, it means the murderer was watching our every move. This wasn't just a nutcase, but a cold blooded killer\" I nodded again. \"Yes, it certainly seems that way\" Francis sighed, shaking his head in frustration. \"Well, I don't know about you two, but I'm exhausted\" I nodded. \"Yes, I'm tired too\" Francis turned to me. \"Where do you live? We can meet back at my place later\" I blushed, lowering my eyes to the ground. \"Well, I… I don't have a home\" and I realized in that moment just how scared I was. I had no home, no family… for all I knew, my family back in the real world was worried sick about me. I felt tears well up in my eyes, but I quickly brushed them away. \"You can stay with me for the night if you'd like\" Francis said. I looked up at him. \"But Francis, the human that you live with…\" \"Gus won't find you, we'll sleep on the bed in the guest room… at least, I think it's the guest room… kind of hard to tell, what with all the renovating still needing to be done\" he smiled at me. \"Come on Julia, I won't be able to rest knowing that you don't have anywhere to go\" I sighed, hesitating. \"Well… all right, if you're sure it's ok\" \"it'll be fine\" Francis said, and I followed him back to his place. We went in through an old open window and Francis showed me the guest room. He jumped up onto the old mattress. \"Come on, it's not much, but it's actually quite comfortable\" I hesitated before jumping up onto the bed. I found a spot near one of the pillows and curled up, wrapping my tail around my body as I'd seen other cats do. I was surprised when Francis laid down beside me. I smiled slightly as I closed my eyes. It didn't take long for me to drift off to sleep. ... I awoke to the sound of a cat yowling. I blinked and lifted my head. Francis was gone. \"Francis?\" I called, standing and jumping off the bed. I walked out into the hallway and saw light streaming from one of the rooms. \"Hello?\" no answer. I slowly walked into the room. I instantly recognized it as the old laboratory where Preterius used to conduct his inhumane experiments. \"Is… is someone in here?\" I walked further into the room, looking around cautiously. I jumped when I saw movement in the windowsill. I turned and saw a cat sitting in the windowsill, but it wasn't Francis. The cat looked familiar though. He had thick, fluffy orange fur and a few scars on his body. My eyes widened when he turned to me, his golden eyes burning into my brown ones. \"Claudandus!\" I breathed. He smiled slightly at me. \"Julia\" he said quietly. \"How nice it is to see you my dear\" he motioned for me to come closer. I slowly walked toward him, my legs trembling. I hesitantly jumped up onto the windowsill beside him. \"Oh my\" he smiled more. \"You're just as lovely as…\" \"Please stop\" I said quietly, tears welling up in my eyes. \"Please, don't talk like that\" he frowned slightly and sighed. \"Oh how I wish things could've been… different\" he looked at me. \"How I wish you could've known me then, as you see me now\" I nodded slowly. \"I know you weren't always so evil\" a look of pain crossed his face. \"When I was Claudandus, I was not the same cat as you know… not the same as Pascal\" I nodded. \"I know\" he sighed, his long fluffy tail swishing back and forth. \"I was driven to madness by man, by Preterius. I thought for so long that he was my master, but…\" tears brimmed in his eyes. \"… He was only a monster\" he looked at me and placed his paw over mine. \"You are so gentle and pure… I love that about you\" I smiled slightly. \"I'm almost sorry that this is a dream\" Claudandus nodded slowly, leaning forward and nuzzling me. When he pulled back, I gasped sharply, pulling away from him. His flesh was melting away, falling off in chunks, slipping to the floor with horrible squashing sounds. My stomach churned as I saw what was appearing beneath the peeling flesh… in no time, Pascal stood before me, Claudandus' flesh lying in a pile around him. \"We may appear to be one and the same, but we're not\" Pascal said, his voice echoing, as though he were far away. \"Claudandus is the good half, and I…\" Pascal's expression hardened. \"I am the half of evil\" ... I jumped up, my eyes widening and my breathing heavy. \"What the crap!\" I yelled, jarring Francis awake. He looked freaked out as he woke up. \"Francis, I… I'm sorry I woke you…\" \"No, don't be\" he said, sounding a little relieved. \"i… I had a horrible dream\" I nodded. \"Me too… I dreamed of Claudandus\" \"really?\" I nodded again. \"Yes\" \"wow\" Francis stood, shaking as though he had water all over him. \"Come on\" he said, jumping off the bed. I followed. \"What are we doing?\" \"What I always do when I need to put my mind at ease\" Francis turned to me, smiling slightly. \"We're going hunting\" ... \"Francis, are you sure about this?\" I whispered. We were both hunched down, watching a small group of rats scurry about in the attic. \"Yes, I'm sure\" he turned to me. \"Don't tell me you've never hunted before\" I blushed. \"Uh… I've never hunted before\" I said, smiling weakly. Francis blinked, looking surprised. \"Oh. Well you're in luck\" I smirked. \"Oh really?\" \"Really. You are in the presence of a rat hunting expert \" I giggled. \"Oh my, how exciting!\" we both laughed quietly. \"All right, the first thing you have to do is be very very quiet\" Francis said, lowering his voice to such a whisper that I had to strain slightly to hear him. I nodded slowly. \"Okay\" \"second, you have to remember that rats are fast , as fast as lightning it seems sometimes\" I nodded again. \"Okay\" \"you got that?\" I chuckled. \"Yeah Francis, I got it\" \"okay… pick your target\" I scanned the area and my eyes locked on a fat, grey rat, one of the larger ones. Francis followed my gaze. \"Jules, don't you want to try something a little…?\" \"No way, that one's mine! \" I whispered, smirking again. Francis nodded. \"All right, go for it!\" I took a deep breath and slowly slunk forward, careful to be as quiet as possible. My eyes stayed on the old rat. \"I am not going to embarrass myself in front of Francis!\" I thought. Unfortunately as I was thinking that, I wasn't paying attention to where I was going. I stepped out where the rats could see me. They instantly scurried off in all directions. \" GAH! Oh darn it!\" I said, growling as I leaped forward, trying my best to keep up with the grey rat. I almost had him… and slid to a stop to avoid crashing into the wall. But it was too late, my nose smacked the wall hard, while the rat scampered into a hole in the wall right at my feet. \"ow\" I groaned, rubbing my nose with my paw. Francis walked over. \"A-Are you o-ok?\" I could tell he was trying not to burst out laughing. I glared at him. \"Hey, it was my first time hunting! Give me a break\" Francis chuckled. \"You were keeping up with him pretty well… I'd say that you would've caught him if that wall hadn't been in your way\" I smiled a little. \"You think?\" Francis nodded. \"Yeah, I do\" he chuckled again, reaching out and playfully batting my cheek with his paw. I giggled and crouched down, wiggled my butt, and pounced… only for Francis to leap gracefully out of my way. We started chasing each other, laughing loudly. I noticed an old pile of junk in the corner and ran for it. Francis was right behind me. I heard him hit something and I jumped as a static-like noise blared out of nowhere. Francis and I stopped and turned. Francis had run into an old VCR player and had accidently turned it on. \"Smooth move Frankie\" I said, smirking. \" Frankie? \" Francis swatted at me, but I giggled and ducked down. A few seconds later, a video started playing on the TV that the VCR was hooked up to. \"Given funding that will support the project for a year…\" a voice was saying. \"… This lab is my dream. My assistants are Ziebold and Gray\" Francis and I looked at each other before we jumped up in front of the TV. The video was showing men working in a lab, which looked like a room in Gus' house. \"I know that my tissue bonding glue will revolutionize medical science\" the man, whom I knew to be Preterius, took a grey cat and strapped it down to an operating table. My eyes widened as one of his assistants took a scalpel and slit a small cut into the back of the cat's head where a patch of fur had been shaved off. Then Preterius used a dropper and put some sort of chemical onto the wound. \"The first experiment had failed. Instead of bonding the edges of the wound together, the mixture etched its way through the skull to the brain. I can only conclude that the acid solution must be diluted further\" the video showed two more shocking, inhumane experiments, which I could hardly watch. \"It simply defies logic\" then suddenly I saw a cat that looked familiar. I nudged Francis. \"He's the one I saw in my dream!\" I whispered. Francis looked intrigued, but we both continued to watch the tape. \"This morning, a strappy young stray found his way to the lab. We've made him our mascot\" the tape suddenly jumped to what appeared to be several months later, as Preterius and Ziebold were experimenting on the fluffy orange cat. \"so many experiments, so many failures \" Preterius was saying. \"Now we have only our nameless mascot as a subject\" Preterius took a drink from a wine bottle, nearly dropping it in shock as he looked at the cat's wound. \"A miracle! I applied the mixture and it worked! It seems that our stray has performed an incalculable service to medical science!\" Preterius said, picking up the cat and putting him in a cage. \"I have named our successful subject Claudandus! And he will go down…\" the tape jumped suddenly to the scientists surrounding Claudandus, who was strapped to the operating table. \"We've had to perform a dissection on Claudandus. Some factor in his genetic makeup enables him, unlike the other subjects, to absorb the mixture without ill effects… he must be a mutant\" the tape jumped once more, showing the lab in a state of disarray. \"Our funding has been cut by a third!\" Preterius slurred, obviously very drunk. \"But I am Professor Preterius! A shortage of experimental animal…\" he chuckled slightly. \"… No problem!\" the tape then jumped again. \" Sacrifice! Scientific progress demands sacrifice! \" the tape jumped for the final time. \"Thanks to my ingenious breeding program, some of the females have produced kittens! Thus, ensuring a supply of subjects for the future\" Preterius approached Claudandus' cage. \"I wonder if you're still capable of producing offspring Claudandus! Suddenly, I have a vision of a new, entirely unique, extraordinary race of cats! A super race!\" Francis and I looked at each other in horror. He slowly stood and turned the VCR off. I felt tears sting my eyes. \"No wonder Claudandus did what he did\" I thought. \"No wonder he's so lost\" Francis and I looked at each other again, our good mood from before wearing off instantly. \" ARGH! \" I jumped when I heard something behind us. Francis and I turned and saw Kong, Hermann, and Hermann climb in through a window. \"Oh snap\" I mumbled. Kong crushed a rat beneath his huge paw, laughing. He looked at Francis. \"Hello, I promised you that we'd have another get together in the not too distant future…\" he stopped as our eyes met. \"Well now, where'd you find this sweet little thing?\" I growled, backing up slowly. \"Back off Jerkwad \" I snapped. Kong roared with laughter. \"Feisty, eh? I like that in a woman…\" \" Eww! \" I said. \"Dude, get your mind out of the gutter!\" by then, Francis and I were slowly circling around Kong and his thugs. \"We'd love to stand around and chat, but we've got more important things to do\" Francis said. Kong smirked. \"Well, you're gonna squeeze me into your busy schedule\" \"Kong, don't you think we should talk seriously about what's important?\" Francis asked. I nodded. \"Yeah, like, gee, I don't know… THE PSYCHOPATHIC MURDERER THAT'S ON THE LOOSE!\" \"Excuse me, so you've got something serious on your mind?\" \"He means the MURDERS , YOU IDIOT! \" I yelled. \"God, are you really as slow as you look?\" Kong glared at me. \"I'd watch my mouth of I were you Sweet Thing\" I rolled my eyes. \"We need your help to find the crazy man who's killing all our brothers\" Francis said to Kong. By then, the ridiculously large cat had us backed up against the wall. He laughed. \" Ha! You've already found him Cutie\" I snickered. \"What is he, Bi?\" I thought to myself. Francis gasped. \" You! But Kong, why you? \" I nodded. \"Yeah, I hate to admit it, but that makes no sense\" \" Why? \" Kong laughed. \"Well let's just say that, like you two, they didn't show me respect\" \"I'm not denying you're a tough guy, but your motive doesn't convince me\" Francis said. I shook my head. \"Me neither\" \"oh, then let's see if I can convince you in some way\" Hermann and Hermann cackled like the typical evil henchman. I snickered, looking up at them. \"Let me guess, Tweedle Dumb and Tweedle Dumber, right? Or maybe Tweedle Ugly and Tweedle Uglier?\" Hermann and Hermann growled, glaring down at me. Francis glanced up at the twin cats, then looked back at Kong. \"Is this fair?\" Kong laughed. \" Fair? Hell no!\" Hermann and Hermann cackled again. Then Kong leaped at Francis and me. We jumped out of the way, and ran up an old pile of books and to a window… that was covered with thick mesh. \"Crap, we're trapped!\" I said as Kong, Hermann, and Hermann came up behind us. \"Leave him to me!\" Kong said, smirking at me. \"We'll save the little lady for later\" \" Hey! \" I snapped, glaring at him. Hermann and Hermann leaped at Francis just then. He jumped up and slashed at them. I felt a little nauseous at the sight of blood, but everything was happening so fast, I barely had time to register anything. \"Julia, come on!\" Francis said, leaping over Kong. I smirked. \"See ya later you Butt-faced freak! \" I said, leaping over Kong and following Francis. Kong was right behind us and pounced on Francis, grabbing him by the back and picking him up in his teeth. I gasped. No one was going to mess with Francis as long as I could help it! \"Hey, leave him alone!\" I tackled Kong, biting him on the neck as hard as I could. I startled him, making him drop Francis before he could do any damage. I looked up and saw a window. \"Francis, this way!\" I yelled. We both ran for the window, Kong and the two dumb bells right behind us. We leaped up and Francis managed to claw his way outside. \"Almost there…!\" I thought as my claws dug into the windowsill. I felt something grab my leg just then. I turned and saw Kong, his paw grasping me. \"Julia!\" Francis said, leaning down and swiping Kong in the face with his claws. Kong yowled, letting go of me. Francis then grabbed me by the scruff of the neck and pulled me out the window. \"th-thanks\" I stammered as we ran. Francis smiled slightly. \"No problem\" a rumble of thunder made me jump, and a heavy rain started pouring down. \"Oh great, I forgot about the rain\" I grumbled as Francis and I leaped up over a stone wall. We stopped and turned just as Kong and the two Hermanns were scrambling over the wall after us. We jumped over a few more walls and ran across the rooftop of an old building before landing with a thud into a large, unkempt yard with overgrown weeds and dying grass. There was yet another low wall up ahead, but the two dunderheads were sitting on top of it, smirking at us. Francis and I jumped up and crashed right into them, sending the four of us over the wall and into a small fountain. Francis and I scrambled out of there and ran. \"Oh crap\" I thought, remembering what was waiting for us up ahead. We scaled two more small walls before we came to it. Francis cried out in surprise and I screamed as the dead cat lay before us, her throat torn and her torso gutted like a fish, her unborn kittens strewn around her bloody body. My legs trembled and gave way beneath me. the last thing I heard was Francis calling my name… and then the world faded into darkness… well, how was that one? man, my fingers are about to fall off from all the typing! hopefully i'll have the next chapter up soon, so be on the lookout for it! and don't forget to review! -FreddysNightmare1984[Chapter 4] Well, here's the next chapter of Fan in Felidae . I hope you enjoy it! DISCLAIMER: i DO NOT own Felidae, or any of it's characters. i only own Julia \"Julia? Julia\" I groaned and slowly opened my eyes. I could hear Francis' voice. \"Julia, can you hear me?\" I groaned again and sat up. I blinked, shaking my head. \"What…?\" I started, then I laid eyes on the body again. A wave of nausea hit me and I felt like I was going to throw up. \"How l-long was I out?\" I asked, tearing my eyes away from the body and turning to Francis. \"Only a few seconds…\" Francis was saying before Kong and the two stooges appeared behind us. \"Looks like they've run out of steam suddenly. That's what happens to ya if you eat too much junk food\" Kong said, looking amused. \"he's not going to be so high and mighty for long\" I thought, tears welling up in my eyes as swallowed hard and turned back to the cat I knew to be Solitaire. Francis turned to them. \"Yeah, we're out of breath, and it looks as though we're not the only ones\" Kong growled and jumped off the wall, slowly approaching us. \"What bullshit you taking now?\" suddenly he gasped, seeing the body behind us. \" Solitaire! \" he ran over to her. \"Oh Solitaire! \" he pushed Francis and me out of the way. \"What have they done to you! What the hell has that evil bastard done! My lovely, lovely Solitaire!\" he started crying, hovering over her body. I frowned. Even though Kong was a bully, it made my heat ache to see him this way. \"He must really love her\" I thought. \"Who was she?\" Francis asked the Hermanns. \"Solitaire was the bosses' favorite girl. And the chances are that they're his family you can see as well\" \"he means the kittens\" I thought. Those poor, dear little things. They never had a chance to be born, to have a life. I hesitated before I slowly approached Kong. He eyed me angrily, so I slowly sat a few feet away. \"I'm gonna kill him!\" Kong roared. \"I'm gonna hamburger him! I'll tear his balls off and stuff them down his throat! I'll, I'll…!\" he started to hyperventilate a bit. \"What kind of heartless bastard would do this! WHO? WHO? Tell me!\" he grabbed Francis. \"Was it you?\" he immediately dropped him, turning and packing back and forth. \"no, not you, you didn't have the time, and neither did your little girlfriend!\" I blushed. \"But then who did it, who was it! \" he started crying again. I couldn't help myself. I hesitantly reached over and placed my paw over his. He looked at me, obviously surprised. He looked like he wanted to say something when the bushes behind us rustled. An elderly cat ran out of the bushes and behind a tree. Kong glared at him, growling. \"You're gonna die! \" he roared. \"No Kong, wait!\" Francis said. \"Maybe he…!\" but the old cat didn't stick around to hear any more. He jumped up onto the wall and scrambled over the other side. Kong, Hermann, and Hermann immediately ran after him. Francis and I looked at each other before we followed after them. We all ended up on the wall, with me between Kong and Francis. \"Got any idea where that gutless sadist is Smartass?\" Kong asked, turning to Francis. \"I don't even know the way back to my place with all this coming down\" \"he's got to be up ahead boss, but only three backyards left till we hit the highway\" one of the Hermanns said. The two imbeciles then jumped down from the wall. \"That's where we'll get him!\" \"Yeah, yeah, YEAH! \" Kong roared. \"So let's go!\" he jumped to the ground and ran off with the Hermanns. \"See ya!\" Francis called. \"Yeah, and be careful!\" I added. \"They may be jerks, but that doesn't mean I ant anything bad to happen to them\" Francis nodded. We sat in silence on the wall, letting the rain pour down on us. Usually I hated being out in the rain, but at the moment I could've cared less. \"I hope we can stop this madness soon\" I said quietly. Francis placed his paw over mine. We smiled slightly at each other when Francis caught sight of something. \"Look\" he whispered. I followed his gaze to the old cat, whose name I couldn't quite remember, slowly slipped through a drain in the wall, probably heading into the sewers. \"Come on, let's follow him\" Francis said. I nodded and we jumped down from the wall and slipped into the drain. \"Ugh, this is so gross! \" I said, wincing at the wet, squishy ground beneath our paws. We walked along for a few more feet before Francis stopped. I nearly ran into him, since he was in front of me. \"What is it?\" I whispered. Before Francis could answer, the ground gave way beneath us and we fell down a dark hole. We screamed all the way down, and finally landed in a dark tunnel. Francis sat up, looking over at me. I'd landed on my back next to him. \"You ok?\" he asked. I nodded, rolling onto my stomach and standing up. \"Yeah, I'm ok. But my heart sure is racing!\" Francis nodded. \"Mine too\" he looked around. Then suddenly we heard something else falling down into the tunnel. \"Oh, now what?\" I groaned, even though I knew who it was before we could even see him. Bluebeard tumbled head over tail into the cave, landing on his chin in front of us. Francis looked surprised. \"I'm not sorry to see you, though I hate to admit it\" Bluebeard grumbled, standing up. \"Damn it, I'm getting too old for this bullshit\" \"not so loud\" Francis said quietly. \"Not so loud, what difference does it make with our friend Kong wailing like a banshee in delirium. I saw the lovely Solitaire and followed you over the walls. Where are we now?\" I shrugged. \"I don't have a clue\" \"I don't know either\" Francis said as we ventured deeper and deeper into the tunnel. Francis gasped when we finally came to an opening surrounded by cat skeletons. \"Eww, gross\" I said, frowning. \"Catacombs\" Francis said quietly. \"If that's a joke…\" Bluebeard started. I rolled my eyes as we went toward the light at the end of the tunnel. \"Get an eyeful of that\" Bluebeard said. \"Unfortunately, I am\" I said, shivering at the sight. We had come into a large cavern that was littered with hundreds and thousands of cat skeletons. \"This is so creepy\" I mumbled. \"A mass grave\" Bluebeard commented. \"What do you make of it?\" Francis sniffed the air. \"Smell that?\" Bluebeard and I sniffed. \"Yeah, disgusting \" Bluebeard grumbled. I nodded. \"Yeah, it smells worse then a backed up sewer!\" \"The smell of rotting flesh\" Francis said as we walked into the cavern. I looked around, keeping an eye out for the old cat… Jesaja , that was his name! I'd just remembered. \"Kong was right\" Francis said. \"The old codger is the killer\" \"But no sign of Sasha down here\" Bluebeard said, referring to the very first cat he and Francis had discovered not long before I showed up. \"No sign of Deep Purple or Felicity either\" I shuddered at the thought of my lovely friend. Francis suddenly seemed very interested in something among the bodies. A loud clattering noise made us both jump and turn around. Bluebeard had knocked over a few bones, including a skull. When Bluebeard looked at us, he growled, baring his fangs. Francis and I slowly turned and came face to face with Jesaja, who was only inches away from us. I screamed and Francis hissed, both of us jumping back toward Bluebeard. Jesaja lifted his paw over his face, as if to shield himself. \"Do not attack the guardian of the dead\" he said. \"Although, the guardian has sinned in breaking the holy rule. He knows that he must pay dearly\" he hunched down, still holding his paw over his head. \"Do you always give your victims this shit before sinking your teeth in?\" Francis demanded. \"What's your name my friend? \" he sneered the last word. \"My name is Jesaja\" \"And is all this your work?\" Bluebeard asked. \"I mean, this skeleton cupboard. Did you kill them all and drag them down here?\" Jesaja shook his head, sitting up. \"No, it wasn't me. The dead come down to me. They are sent by the prophet\" \"A real nutcase if you ask me\" Bluebeard mumbled to me and Francis. \"Tell us where you're from Jesaja\" Francis said. \"And how you've come to be in this gruesome place?\" I nodded. \"Yeah, I wouldn't think anyone would come down here by choice\" \"Once there was a suffering dreamland… I was born there. It was a place of sorrow until the prophet came among us and brought us salvation\" he picked up the skeletal remains that Bluebeard had knocked over and put them back together, setting the completed skeleton back up amongst the others. \"And God heard the pleading of the prophet… he sent down the day with his blinding light. The bright day destroyed the land of illusion, and then we who had suffered fled blindly into the world\" \"What happened to the prophet?\" Francis asked. \"He was taken to Heaven, Father Joker told me all this\" \" What? \" Francis said, shocked. \"The leader of the Claudandus sect?\" \"This temple had been his home for years when he rescued me in my need. He brought me here and cared for me. But then, the day came when Joker had to leave me…. to spread the prophet's message throughout the world\" \"And how did Joker account for the collection of bones he so lovingly gathered down here?\" Francis asked sarcastically. By then, Jesaja had made his way deeper down into a lower section of the cavern, and Francis jumped down to him. \"He didn't. When Father Joker and I lived here together, it wasn't graveyard you see now. One day, however, quite soon after Father Joker had left me, I heard frightening, mysterious sounds in the tunnel. Terrified, I made my way to the entrance, and, to my horror, I was confronted by a dead sister lying there. All at once I heard the voice of the lord from on high…\" \"And what did the lord say?\" Francis asked, not sounding too convinced by Jesaja's story. \"He said I had been chosen to be the guardian of the dead. And must never again return to the world of light. But now everything has changed, for I haven't heard the prophet's voice for a long time. Nor does he send the dead to their kingdom. I have been forsaken\" he frowned, bowing his head in disappointment. \"And is that the reason you surfaced tonight, to find new dead bodies?\" Francis asked. Jesaja nodded. \"Can you tell me something about the victims? I mean, were they… sisters and brothers who'd been…\" Francis hesitated. \"… sexually excited?\" \"That was often the case my friend\" Jesaja said. \"But others horribly mutilated also came to the temple\" \"Were there any that were pregnant?\" I asked. \"Many… oh yes, many \" Jesaja said, sounding almost shameful. He sniffed a few times, looking as though he might cry. ... Francis, Bluebeard, and I left a little while later. \"Boy, am I glad to be out of there!\" I said, shivering. Francis nodded. \"Yes, me too\" \"Cod filets natural, cod filets boiled …\" Bluebeard was mumbling a he plodded along behind us. \"… Cod filets lightly grilled, basted in butter… ahh, or cooled with mayo…\" \"Dude, shut up , you're making me hungry!\" I snapped, nearly running into Francis when he stopped. \"Can't you think of anything besides food Bluebeard?\" Francis asked, irritated. \"Don't you see what we've discovered?\" \"Ahh, sure Smartass\" \"It isn't seven murders we have to deal with, it's hundreds! These murders started many, many years ago. It may go right back to the closing of a certain laboratory\" \"No kidding\" Bluebeard said with a hint of sarcasm. \"You made a very important observation down in the hellhole\" Francis continued. \"No kidding?\" Bluebeard said again, sounding surprised and somewhat pleased with himself. \"Why weren't the bodies of Sasha, Deep Purple, Solitaire, and…\" he hesitated, glancing at me before continuing. \"… Felicity down there with the rest of them?\" \"Because I think the murderer's as tired of the whole damn thing as me!\" Bluebeard said, flopping down on the wall. \"All I want is a hot meal beside a warm fire. What I want is Codfish! \" at that moment, Bluebeard slid right off the wall and to the ground. I looked at him like O.O \"I'm hungry, I'm tired, i want cod filets with butter and mayo!\" Francis said in a mocking tone. I couldn't help but burst out laughing at that. \"It's only Joker who knows anything about the prophet Claudandus, right? Why does it have to be this good preacher who likes the collar turned up? What was it you said, it was just killing time, a bit of fun?\" Bluebeard nodded. \"Yeah, something like that\" Francis walked down a nearby pile of logs down to where Bluebeard was lounging on the grass. I followed after him. \"you guys, I'm beginning to think that this sect has a very specific purpose. As though they're preparing for the arrival of something that we can barely begin to imagine\" \"Something like a fresh piece of fish?\" I groaned, facepalming. \" No Bluebeard, get your mind out of the kitchen for just one second! \" Francis sighed. \"Look, I'm going home to get some rest\" he looked at me. \"Are you coming Julia, or have you found somewhere else to sleep?\" I chuckled. \"I've been with you all day\" Francis smiled a little. \"Come on then, let's go home\" I nodded. \"See ya Bluebeard\" \"Yeah, bye Julia\" I smiled at him before following Francis back toward his place. I stopped, turning when a funny feeling suddenly came over me. \"Julia, what is it?\" Francis asked. I shook my head. \"I'm not sure… for a second, it felt as though someone was watching me\" \"Well there's no one around except you and me… but try not to get too far away, just in case\" I nodded. \"No problem there\" I mumbled. We got to Gus' place a few minutes later and hopped in through a window. We went to Gus' study this time, and I followed Francis up onto the desk. \"We can rest here a while\" Francis said. \"Maybe our dreams can tell us something, like before\" I nodded. \"Yeah, maybe\" Francis smiled a little. \"Have a little faith Julia. This nightmare will be over with soon enough\" I sighed and nodded. \"I hope so\" I sighed, laying my chin on my paws. I wanted so badly to tell Francis what I knew. But I wasn't sure how that would affect the future. I wanted to tell him what I knew, I wanted so badly for this all to be over. But then again, he would probably want to know how I knew what I knew, and how the heck was I supposed to explain it? 'Oh, where I come from, this whole universe is only a movie and I already know what's going to happen because I watch the movie all the time'… yeah, I didn't think a conversation like that would go very well. I groaned, covering my face with my paws. I could only hope that everything would keep happening as it had in the movie. Then there might still be a chance that this horror fest would end. Well, how was it? I hope you enjoyed it, and please review! reviews are awesome! hopefully I'll have the next chapter up soon for ya XD -FreddysNightmare1984[Chapter 5] OMG, I'M ACTUALLY UPDATING! YES , its true! lol, anywho... SO SORRY for the wait folks! i truly didn't mean for it to be this long, i just got kinda lazy and had a lot of stuff on my mind (still do actually). but fear not, i will finish this fanfic! i hope you enjoy :D DISCLAIMER: i DO NOT own Felidae, or any of it's characters. i only own Julia Clouds. Lots and lots of clouds. That's the first thing I noticed when I woke up. \"Why is it so foggy?\" I thought, standing up and looking around. There were what appeared to be Egyptian relics on either side of me, huge, towering statues of their gods. \"Weird\" I said out loud as I walked. \"Julia?\" I jumped and turned. \"Franics!\" the grey tom was standing behind me. \"What's going on here?\" he asked, falling in step beside me. \"Heck if I know\" I said. \"But I think we're dreaming\" \"The same dream at the same time?\" Francis asked, sounding skeptical. \"I know it sounds nuts, but why else would we be here? We're obviously not awake and…\" suddenly Francis nudged me, nodding toward something ahead of us. I looked and my eyes widened. A golden cat was sitting atop one of the statues, his back to us. And beneath the statue were our friends (and enemies): Kong, Bluebeard, Joker, even our dear friend Felicity. The stunning golden cat turned to face us then, and I felt a shiver run down my spine. Francis smiled a bit. \"We've been searching for you\" \"yes, of course. Clever Francis… you too Julia, very clever for such a young female\" I blushed a bit. \"… I'm the prophet, I'm the human\" the golden cat continued. \"… I'm the beast. And I am also… Felidae. Come with us Francis, Julia… all that has been, all there will be has no meaning anymore. Come with us…\" \"Come with us\" the others joined in, speaking as one in an eerie monotone sort of way. \"Wherever you go, you'll find something preferable to tell…\" they all suddenly started to shrink down into tiny glowing orbs, like stars, and they shot up into the sky and descended into the darkness. \"Come with us on our long, wonderful journey\" Felidae said before he too shrank down into a star and floated away with the others. \"What will we find when we arrive?\" I felt the clouds beneath me sinking as their voices blended together. \"… everything that we've lost…\" I awoke with a start. \"Whoa\" I blinked and glanced beside me. Francis was just waking up. He opened his big green eyes and lifted hid head, turning to me. \"d-did you dream that… that we were in…\" \"…the clouds\" we both said. \"Yes\" \"And Felidae…\" Francis breathed. \"He was there\" I said, nodding. \"Wow\" Francis said, sitting up. \"I guess we really did have the same dream\" \"yeah\" I said, sitting up beside him. \"That's so weird\" we looked at each other. \"Francis\" a soft voice called. I stiffened. \"Oh no\" I thought. \"Not her , not now !\" Francis' eyes bugged out of his head a bit, and he hurried over to the window. I sighed and moved to stand beside him. \"Nhozemphtekh\" I thought bitterly. Why did she have to show up? I shook my head. \"This is the way it's supposed to happen\" I thought to myself. \"Francis\" she called again. Without even saying anything to me, Francis was out the window and outside. I sighed and sat on the windowsill, glaring after him. \"I guess I'll just stay here then\" I mumbled, my tail twitching stiffly. I groaned and jumped down from the window back into the room. \"Why is this bothering me so much?\" I thought to myself. \" after all, I should be happy, right? So far, things are pretty much going the way they're supposed to\" I sighed and laid down, resting my chin on my paws. I felt so disgusted and… no, no I couldn't possibly be… I shook my head. \"No, I am not jealous!\" I said out loud, sighing. \"I can't be, I'm not supposed to be!\" I sat up, restless. I wondered how far along Francis and Nhozemphtekh's conversation had gone. \"That's it!\" I said, getting up. I couldn't stand it anymore, it was driving me crazy. I jumped out the window and around the corner, toward the yard where I knew Francis and Nhozemphtekh were. As soon as I turned the corner, I was surprised. No, scratch that, I was shocked . Francis was sitting down a few feet from the beautiful cat, just talking to her! That was it. I felt utterly confused as I approached them. \"Well well, who do we have here?\" Nhozemphtekh asked, rolling onto her back. I narrowed my eyes at her as Francis turned to me. \"Julia, what are you…?\" \"I wanted to make sure you were alright\" I said stiffly. \"Is this your mate Francis?\" Nhozemphtekh asked. I felt my face heating up. \"I am not his mate!\" I snapped before Francis could say anything. \"we're just friends\" \"oh, I see\" she said slowly, looking slightly relieved. I narrowed my eyes at her again, feeling my fur stand on end. Francis seemed to notice my tension, because he quickly stood up. \"Well thank you for your time\" he told Nhozemphtekh. \"but we must be going now\" he turned and started to walk off. \"Bye Francis\" Nhozemphtekh called softly. I rolled my eyes as I followed Francis back to the house. \"Julia, what's the matter?\" Francis asked as I hopped up onto the windowsill of the bathroom. I didn't say anything as I jumped down to the floor and got in the dingy tub. I just wanted to be alone, but I should've known better then to assume that Francis would leave me alone like I wanted. \"Please go away\" I grumbled when he leaned over the edge of the tub, looking down at me. \"Not until you tell me what's wrong…\" \"Why are you even here?\" I asked, looking up at him. \"why aren't you out with her? \" I was surprised at how mean I sounded, but right then I didn't care. \"Who, that female?\" \" Yes! \" I sighed. \"Wait, are you…?\" Francis blinked, smirking a bit. \"you're jealous, aren't you?\" \"I most certainly am not! \" I snapped. \"I'm not jealous of her! \" I hesitated. \"well, maybe in some ways… after all, she's the most beautiful female around. And I'm, well I'm just…\" I sighed. \"… I'm just me \" \"So?\" Francis got down into the tub beside me. \"I happen to like 'just you'\" I turned to him. \"Yes, but not the way you like her\" \"How do you know that?\" I felt my heart beating faster as I curled up, facing away from him. \"I'm tired\" I said softly, even though I was actually wide awake. But I did not want to keep up the conversation. \"But…\" Francis sighed. \"we should rest for a while then\" I felt his back press up slightly against mine, and I felt tears in my eyes. No matter what my feelings for Francis were, I knew nothing was ever going to change. ... I awoke to the sound of someone laughing. I groaned and opened my eyes, lifting my head to see Bluebeard sitting in the windowsill. \"Hello Julia\" he said, smirking a bit. \"hope I wasn't interrupting anything\" he laughed, and I was about to ask what the heck he was talking about when I remembered that Francis and I had fallen asleep in the filthy bathtub. I sighed and sat up, stretching. I climbed out of the tub and jumped up onto the windowsill beside him. \"So I take it you told him?\" Bluebeard said. I blinked. \"Told him what?\" \"Don't give me that bullshit, you know exactly what \" I felt my face heating up and was about to say something when Francis woke up just then. \"Oh, hello Bluebeard\" he said, standing up and stretching. \"I saw your little encounter with the new girl today\" Bluebeard said, laughing. I felt my eyes widen. He did mate with her, just like I knew he would! I felt the fur on the back of my neck stand up. \"All we did was talk Bluebeard\" Francis grumbled as he stretched again. \"and I have a feeling that she can help solve the case\" Bluebeard blinked. \"You feel what? the case? Solve it? Don't kid me, you're still interested\" he jumped down into the room. I followed. \"I know I am\" I said. \"Well then, let's go to work\" Francis said, getting out of the tub. \"right, now where can we find Joker?\" Bluebeard turned to him. \"He's at home I'd think, getting ready for his next Bible class\" \"where does Joker live now?\" I asked. \"A couple of blocks from here. His can opener runs a store which sells china and hand blown glassware\" \"okay\" Francis said. \"First I want to talk to Pascal again\" \"oh great\" I thought sarcastically. \"while I do that, you go and find Joker and tell him that Pascal and I want to talk to him about the murders\" Bluebeard's eyes widened a bit. \"Wow, do you seriously think that Joker's the killer…?\" \"Don't forget the story Jesaja told us, Joker is deep, and I mean very deep in this. The question is if I can pin it on him. And by the way, that lady I spoke to earlier, she was a female belonging to a breed that I've never come across before, sandy fur with blazing yellow eyes and she was sort of…\" \"… Wild\" Bluebeard finished. \"I know the kind\" \"Are there lots like her?\" I asked. \"They sure are\" Bluebeard said as he jumped back up into the sill. \"the house and garden set take them in as designer pets, and I tell you, if we all watch out, they'll be taking over the whole district. still, by making them household members, the can openers have screwed themselves\" \"what's that supposed to mean?\" Francis asked. \"They're not the same as we are\" Bluebeard said. \"in lots of ways. But the main thing I've noticed that makes them different is that the normal, healthy way to domestication that we've got ain't in them somehow. And instead, this new breed are wilder, walk alone. In a word, they're…\" \"What?\" I asked when Bluebeard didn't finish. \"Unfriendly?\" Francis guessed. \" Dangerous \" Bluebeard said. Francis and I got up in the windowsill beside him, then the three of us made our way outside. I looked up for a moment as snow started lightly falling to the ground. Without saying anything, Bluebeard headed to Joker's place, while I followed Francis toward Pascal's. \"So we're not going to talk about earlier?\" Francis asked as we approached the house. \" No \" I said stiffly, a nervous feeling creeping up inside me as we slipped inside through the small cat door. We found Pascal in the living room, sitting in a chair. \"Oh, congratulations\" he said when we told him everything that had happened. \"I've lived in this neighborhood for years and haven't recorded a fraction of the albeit horrific information you've managed to unearth in the short time you've been here, well done, both of you\" \"have you got data on brothers and sister who, for some reason or other, have left the neighborhood?\" Francis asked. \"Of course\" \"well let's take a look at the lists, and we should be able to find out who exactly has disappeared without a logical explanation and when. And I wonder why the murderer is suddenly leaving victims outside the temple instead of sending them to Jesaja?\" \"yes, that's a very good point\" Pascal said, standing and stretching. \"as it shows the murderer is beginning to make mistakes we may be able to exploit\" he got down from the chair and headed for the stairs, moving to sit at the top one. \"I hope you're right\" Francis said as we followed after Pascal. \"but I find it hard to imagine that this master of horror could make mistakes\" I nodded. \"Yeah. I mean, whoever he is has been pretty crafty so far\" \"perhaps he's sending us a message\" Pascal guessed. \"That's what I was thinking\" Francis said. \"Good, good\" Pascal said, sounding impressed. \"but what is it he's trying to tell us?\" \"He wants us to know he's got power of life and death…\" \"The general intelligence level of the area is so abysmally low…\" Pascal interrupted. \"… the brothers couldn't interpret his subtly expressed message anyway\" I couldn't help but agree. \"Yes, many of the others around here don't seem to be very, well… smart\" \"well supposing, uh… say he only wants one special brother to understand what his mission is\" Francis said. \" excellent \" Pascal said. \"Why?\" Francis asked. \"Because for the first time, you're thinking in terms of a mission. Haven't you got it yet? He wants his motives to be known and understood, he's as complicated as a crossword puzzle\" he moved to sit on the chair on a big, fluffy pillow. \"no, the killer is the puzzle and he wants us to solve it\" \"Joker, he has to be our key suspect\" Francis said. \"Possibly\" Pascal said thoughtfully. I sighed as I rolled over onto my side on the floor where I was lying beside Francis. \"something wrong my dear?\" Pascal asked. I sat up, trying to act cool, although my back was starting to get sore from lying on the hard floor. \"This, the floor I mean, it's… it's a bit uncomfortable\" \"why don't you come up here with me?\" I swallowed hard. That was exactly the offer I was afraid he'd make. \"Uh…\" I sighed and hesitantly jumped up onto the chair, settling down beside him. Pascal smiled a bit as he continued with his theory. \"… now then, what if Joker witnessed the carnage Preterius created and saw it as a chance to build a religion on Claudandus' martyrdom to which he'd lead…\" \"Sounds right\" Francis said, nodding. \"Now tell me more about the lady you had the pleasure of meeting this morning\" Pascal said. \"Well she's…\" Francis hesitated. \"… she's quite a unique young lady\" \"I'm sure she's not as lovely as you \" Pascal said, turning to me. I couldn't help but blush a bit. \"th-thank you for saying so, but she's much more lovely then me. She's everything a tom could want in a mate\" \"a product of Professor Preterius' species engineering?\" Pascal guessed. \"Why not?\" Francis said, shrugging. \"Hmm, I'm not so sure. You're forgetting evolution\" Pascal continued. \"a new breed could emerge quite by chance sometimes\" \"is that so?\" Francis asked. Pascal nodded. \"then you're saying that that wild lady and any others like her are actually the result of natural selection. sounds logical, I admit\" \"And more probable\" Pascal added. He looked back and forth between Francis and me. \"you two are quite intelligent creatures\" I smiled a bit. Even though I knew what Pascal was, I couldn't help but feel a bit flattered by the way he treated me. \"You clowns mind if I b-b-butt in?\" Bluebeard stammered, shivering from the cold, snow covering his whole back. I giggled. \"Been out building snowmen Bluebeard?\" he grumbled to himself, rolling his eyes as he shook snow from his fur. \"Where's Joker?\" Francis asked. \"He's g-gone\" Bluebeard stammered, still shivering. \"You mean he's disappeared?\" \"That's what I said baby\" \"perhaps you'd like to eat something before you carry on\" Pascal said to Bluebeard. \"My owner, Ziebold, left some freshly cooked liver in my dish\" Bluebeard's eyes lit up. \"Ooh I love fresh liver!\" \"Get back to the point\" Francis said. Bluebeard nodded. \"I looked inside the house Joker lives in, and it's a mess. But still I went through it, bottom to the top, and I found no sign of him\" Francis looked surprised. \"So Joker's been murdered…\" \"No\" Pascal interrupted. \"maybe he just realized you were close to catching him, so he ran\" Francis shook his head. \"I really can't agree there, I can't believe that a maniac like that would just run away…\" \"Hold on, hold on\" Pascal said. \"tomorrow we'll go back to the computer and try to identify any possible survivors who were subjected to Professor Preterius' experiments\" \"uh, good idea\" I said, trying to sound enthusiastic. \"I'm glad you think so\" Pascal looked pleased, as though he wanted me to be impressed. \"We'll come back first thing tomorrow\" Francis said as he got up to leave. I nodded and sat up, stretching. As much as I hated being so close to Pascal, I'd gotten pretty warm and comfy on that pillow. \"goodnight Julia\" the older cat said. \"Goodnight Pascal\" I said. He leaned over and nuzzled my cheek before I jumped to the floor and followed after Francis and Bluebeard. ... \"You've got to watch your tail a little more carefully, both of you. Or you'll get hurt\" Bluebeard said as the three of us ventured out into the snow. \"What do you mean?\" Francis asked. \"think about it, the killer ain't gonna be pleased with you two on his trail. And might try to do something about you\" \"yeah\" Francis said thoughtfully. \"and Pascal as well. He knows even more then us\" A shiver ran down my spine. \"Are you sure about this Bluebeard?\" \" Absolutely Dollface. And don't you two worry about Pascal. If what you've found out about the murders is right, he just kills the brothers who've got balls. Good ol' Pascal had 'em cut off years ago, and besides, he isn't gonna be around that much longer\" \"why's that?\" I asked. \"He's got stomach cancer. They've given him six months. It's only recently the news got around the neighborhood\" Bluebeard said, turning and walking off. Francis and I just sat there in the snow, each in our own thoughts. I had completely forgotten about Pascal's illness. I couldn't help but feel bad for him, even though I knew I didn't have to. I had every right to hate him, to despise him, and part of me did. But part of me also pitied him, pitied the poor creature he used to be who had been transformed into a twisted monster. well, i FINALLY updated this story like i've been wanting to! how was it? i'm considering writing a sequel once i finish this one. i know that there are already multiple sequels to the Felidae books, but i don't plan on reading any of them since only the first and second books are available in English, which is the only language i speak. i think that sucks dude, why don't they just print ALL the books in English instead of just the first two? oh well, now i'm ranting. i hope you enjoyed this next chapter and i'm going to try and update again soon. PLEASE review! -FreddysNightmare1984 ","Summary":" HEYO everyone, it's Julia with a new story, and it's all about FELIDAE ! i love that movie, althoug"},{"Movie":"Thief and the Cobbler","Title":"Defying the Stars","Author":"L0n3ly.Wnd3r3r","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12927800","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A girl with a long midnight shaded ponytail and half her head shaved enters the small shop. She is dressed in warm colors and tribal patterns. Her skin glows with a delicate tan and various tattoos sprawled across her body. A scimitar is sheathed at her side with beads and feathers. Round light blue eyes meet Tack's. She flushes and shyly starts speaking. I-I know about Princess Yum Yum and your relationship with her, but... She pauses and inhales, eyes flickering in fear, she kneels before Tack. I can see the threads that bind soulmates together, and I, Najida Namrah Rajida, am bound to you. But your gentle soul is bound to more than one person. So I am here to dedicate my life to you. I understand that fate will want you to go with the princess, but I am here to defy it. As she speaks, tears are rolling down her cheeks and dropping like raindrops to the ground. So she waits for an answer . Confusion struck Tack like a thunderbolt. Here he was, standing in front of a beautiful warrior that confessed her eternal love to a simple, silent cobbler. Plus he JUST MET her, he had no idea if she was right, or if destiny was right. His mouth swiveled around as he thought, but he finally rasped out, I-I don't know you yet, so I can neither accept nor decline. I would be happy to let you stay here- He was quickly cut off by a warm and firm grasp on his porcelain skin, and the girl began urgently speaking. No, no, I simply HAVE to get you back home with me, please pack your things. Now thoroughly confused, Tack felt suddenly light and then nothing. Of course this terrifies Najida, who hurriedly packs everything with a quickness and dexterity rivaling Tack's proficiency with string. She takes everything and mounts her horse, Adilah. She manages to go by the skin of her teeth out of the city and meets with her bandit subordinates. Her right hand, well actually more accurately her left hand man greets her. He is a tall, rugged, and stocky man. He is flanked by a small, thin man and the most normal, indistinct, man imaginable. You've seen this man at least twenty times per day, and still wouldn't be able to identify him. The three kneel down before her, the rugged one speaking quietly.[Chapter 2] She manages to go by the skin of her teeth out of the city and meets with her bandit subordinates. Her right hand, well, more accurately her left hand man greets her. His name is Altair. He is a tall, rugged, and stocky man. He is flanked by Arif, a small, thin man and Abdul, the most normal, indistinct, man imaginable. You've seen this man at least twenty times per day, and still wouldn't be able to identify him. The three kneel down before her, Altair speaking quietly with widened eyes. That's Tack! He was the one who ran into...your uncle, two years ago. Najida's eyes flashed with irritation, of course she knew all of that about her soulmate! She steeled herself for the question she knew would be a little tricky to answer. Why did you bring him here…. unless? She sighed in relief. Of course he understood, he was with her through... everything. Yes, you are right. Let's go back to camp, I can explain everything to everyone, once Tack wakes up that is. Altair grinned at how carefully and gently Naji looked at and handled Tack. Of course his thoughts travelled back to when Naji had helped him with his own soulmate, Aretha. Her advice was indispensable, and he used it on a daily basis. His thoughts turned darker as he thought on her father, Abbas the Wicked, and how she would come crying and begging for his help against her father. Whenever he thought on that man, he could always count on Naji to get him to snap out of it, like now. Altair? What is it? Thinking about him again? He gave a curt nod, appreciating how little movements conveyed the same meaning of words. A true testament to how well Naji knew him, and how well he knew Naji. He made a silent prayer to Allah that Tack and Naji would get to know each other better than he knew Naji. He was surprised by her words. Altair, we will have to postpone the celebration of my soulmate. I think that I will need to get Tack to know me better than he could ever know The Princess. He knew that Naji had a reason to say this, so he patiently waited for her to address everyone else. Of course he detected the bitterness in her voice. His thoughts wandered back to when he felt the same way early in his and Aretha's courtship whenever she would talk to other men. Now, he felt the need to protect her at all costs. He was wary of other men, but trusting of Aretha. He snapped out of it as soon as he arrived at camp. He dismounted quickly into Aretha's arms. Najida normally didn't allow help with dismounting, but she allowed Arif and Abdul to help her since she had Tack to deal with. She quietly ordered the two to start setting up Tack's things in the empty tent that was next to her own tent. She cradled him in her arms and carefully strode towards his tent. She had made sure it was the softest and comfiest that the tribe could offer. Laying him down on the bed she had made for him, she delicately kissed his forehead and whispered to him. Tack...wake up soon... ","Summary":" A girl with a long midnight shaded ponytail and half her head shaved enters the small shop. She is "},{"Movie":"Free Fall Freier Fall","Title":"Controlled Crash","Author":"Spacer Paste","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11262964","Passage":"[Chapter 1] TITLE: Controlled Crash CHAPTER: 1, Summer to Your Heart \"What is this 'heart'? If I tear open that chest of yours, will I see it there? If I smash open that skull of yours, will I see it there?\" ~Ulquiorra ―Tite Kubo Bleach Too drunk to curse his inability to fit his key in the lock, Officer Marc Borgmann finally threw his shoulder against the door of his small apartment and stumbled inside. Angrily throwing his keys and wallet on the side table, they somehow they landed on the floor instead. He managed a nearly unintelligible, \"Fuck!\" as the room tilted sideways when he bent to retrieve them. With both hands and the wall to steady himself, he finally noticed an icy breeze reminding him the door is still open. Swaying on his feet, he stared at it with some confusion. After several tries, he managed to lock closed. Then he scrubbed his hand through his hair, aimed himself at the living area and staggered inside. The apartment is small with the odor of spoiled food wafting lazily through the musty air. The kitchenette revealed a sink full of half-eaten frozen meals with a formation of empty beer bottles standing at attention nearby. Marc wrinkles his nose, waves a hand at the mess, knocks over a few bottles and keeps moving. Three windows hold back the sun with dusty blankets nailed to their frames. The bathroom, a strictly utilitarian area, which any guest would enter at their peril. A single towel hangs crookedly from the shower stall. Across the room is a narrow closet where clean and pressed uniforms hang in precise order. The polished shoes and boots line up on the floor residing next his riot gear. His sidearm, clean and oiled hangs from a sturdy hook. Barely out of his clothes he fell into bed and pulled the pillow over his face to block out the motion of the spinning room. He had turned off his cell phone just before he blacked out; he's in no shape to cover an extra shift tonight, and he's off tomorrow. The guilt, the lonely ache that fills every corner of his wretched body reaches for him, torturing him with their siren song of 'if only' and 'what if'. Some nights he blacks out quickly. There are other nights when it hits him like a hammer blow. Bad nights when he hugs a pillow to his chest and weeps for what he's thrown away. Then morning comes and thankfully it always comes. Sometimes he yearns for the blessed relief of a work day. Tonight, he passed out curled into a fetal position hugging the second pillow. If he dreams, he doesn't remember when hours later he rolled slowly to his side from a tangle of dirty sheets. After a brave effort at sitting up he let his head sink into this hands. A groan echoed the throbbing pain in his head, and he squeezed his eyes to keep out the shards of sunlight. Another stifled cry pushed him from the bed toward the bathroom. The well-muscled frame earned from endless hours of running and weightlifting is a sad and confusing contrast to the retching man with blood-shot eyes and gaunt cheeks. When the vomiting finally subsides, he rests his head on the toilet seat panting with effort. During the day, when he puts on a uniform he is in control. If he never smiles? Well, no one expects a cop to smile. Professional, courageous and detached, he is the perfect law enforcement officer. With a uniform and sidearm, he has an identity. Without that mask in place the world is uncertain and the nights long and empty. To hold back the darkness, he often works double shifts. Everyone knows Marc Borgmann is the one to call if you need someone to cover your shift. Known as the hardest working rookie in the department, he keeps going until he can no longer stay on his feet. Until he can fool himself into thinking he might fall asleep. Work is real, steady and affirming. His life, uncertain, shadowy and filled with unmet desires and shattered dreams. A sob shook Marc's shoulders, and he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. Once, his life was full of joy and anticipation. A small family and the selfless love of the woman who bore him a son. Parents who loved him and encouraged him and were delighted at the prospect of becoming grandparents. His father had told him many times to set goals with the promise of success. He'd followed his father's advice, by planning his future complete with objectives and goals and pursued them faithfully. Until Kay. With his hands, he uprooted everything his parents had taught was important. Tore it apart and left it the dirt to die of neglect. For all the loss and pain, he'd inflicted he wasn't a better man from any of it. Nothing learned. Nothing gained. Everything was gone. He pounded his fist on the toilet seat. Genuinely lucky they hadn't fired him from the police force. He'd stopped the drugs because it was just a matter of time before they demanded a drug test, and random test or not he'd have failed. No more drugs, not even the occasional cigarette. Drugs are part of his past, the glittering golden past that included Kay Engle. Smoking pot, giggling while they raided the refrigerator and made love on the kitchen floor after a midnight feast. Then crashing, gorged and exhausted into bed in a tangle of arms and legs. No more drugs, no more Kay. Alcohol is different. Alcohol is safe. The alcohol burned and numbed and made him forget. And everyone drank, so it was easy to hide. There are many things he can think about don't haunt him. He knows his name, badge number and the serial number of his service weapon. He's also a father, a cop and he's a good cop. It's just that obviously he's awful with relationships. Hadn't he done all the right things? Accepted the pregnancy and supported her through it all. At first, he'd been angry she'd allowed herself to get pregnant while he was in the middle of academy training. His life was stressful enough. Then, as her stomach grew, and she began to glow with the inner fire of motherhood, his attitude changed and besides she'd always been so easy to love. The pregnancy brought them closer, and his heart swelled with pride and love whenever he touched her baby bump. That was all over now and every night he tortured himself with the guilt of his failures as a father and a man. A six-pack of beer does nothing to burn away the knowledge that far worse than hurting Bettina. He'd betrayed and humiliated her. A good father wouldn't behave this way, and he intended to be a good father to his son. His son… he has a son. Bettina begged him to stop drinking. Sometimes his hands shake so hard he's afraid to hold his little boy, and it breaks his heart. The child who recognizes him now and frowns with disappointment when he his father won't pick him up. If he comes over drunk to see the baby again, she warned him, she would not allow him in. Emotionally brittle days spent moving precariously along the dying branches of his life. Each branch about to break and dump him to the ground. The thought of going to a gay bar terrifies him now. I'm not gay, he screams, but no one listens. Only alcohol quiets the screaming, the guilt, and the isolation. At night, when he passes out, he's haunted by dreams of Kay filling him, branding him, and burning his flesh with need. Beard stubble on his thighs, warm strong hands touching him in ways no woman ever could. Those dreams woke him in a cold sweat and a mess to clean up. The answer? Simply will away his libido with beer and whiskey. He wasn't any good with women, and he didn't want a man. Then he'd fall back into a dead sleep, where Kay whispers in his ear, I love you. I want you… only you. I'm not sleeping with anyone else! And what was he supposed to do with that statement, 'I'm not sleeping with anyone else.' He knew it for what it was, a promise, an expression of hope and trust. He'd torn it up and crushed it under his feet as he ran from the enchanted comfort of Kay's apartment. The only place where he felt he could relax and share himself. No woman could love him the way Kay had. Women with their gentle, hesitant fingers and the shy expectation in their eyes. Kay teased him, alternately using his cock like a battering ram or stroking him to mindless joy. He loved Kay's rough, calloused hands on his body. But he wasn't gay. He shouldn't have allowed a man to touch him that way. It was wrong. It was dirty. It was mind blowing. It was the most intense and gratifying experience of his life. Laying in bed with him, with no hesitation, or anxiety at saying or doing the wrong thing. Just smiles and a profound sense of belonging. The string of nameless, faceless, women he slept with to prove he wasn't gay did nothing to quiet the dreams. The women told him they loved him and fawned over his good looks. Told him how much they wanted his baby and wanted to be his wife. They cooked for him and tried to take care of him. He always made them leave, and he was never nice about it. He had sex with them when he was almost too drunk to perform, but they never seemed to mind. By morning, hung over and disgusted, he hated the sight of them. He despised the hurt and confusion he saw in their eyes. That was his punishment, his payment for the crime of cruelty and for what he'd done to Bettina and Kay. The endless dark winter ends on a snowy night when he slips and stumbles over icy streets looking for a bar. His weary eyes can't make out the words on the sign, but the lights are on, and he hears people inside. With a pounding head, his shaking hands pushed the door open. His mouth waters for the taste of whiskey on his tongue. Lingering by the door like a ghost no longer welcome among the living Marc tries to make sense of what he's seeing. A man with a friendly smile waves and beckons him over. Wait, he thinks, this can't be a bar, and turns to go. Walking toward him, the man extended his hand in greeting. With a profound sense of panic, Marc turned to leave. He knows there's another bar around the corner. But now there are people behind him and he's trapped. Anxiety rises and his eyes search for the exit grow more frantic by the moment. Why are these people talking to him, smiling as if they know him? Welcome, they say and try to guide him toward the chairs lined up in rows. No! He turns to flee pushing at the smiling faces and extended hands. No! Leave me alone. Finally, he's at the door and rips it open; a winter blast knocks him back, blinding him with snow. He charged forward and ran straight into the arms of Kay Engle. Kay grabbed his arms to stop his forward motion as Marc winds his fists into the lapels of Kay's jacket and blinks his eyes to focus. Time stops as they breathe into each other. Marc's lips open to receive the kiss he knows Kay will force on him. God, yes, please because it all comes back to him. It's all still there, the hunger, the need and the memory that Kay had once told him that he loved him. \"I don't know what love is. Don't you understand?\" Marc forced out over buried emotions as if they were still having that final conversation. As if six months hadn't passed since they'd seen each other. Six months since Kay had vanished from his life. To silence him Kay wrapped his arms around the man shuddering in his arms. For Kay the shock of running into Marc vanished, wiped away by the joy and surprise of having Marc's hard body pressed against his. Kay buried his nose against Marc's neck and found the evergreen scent of him, the coarse blond hair, and the familiar large hands twisted into his clothes. But something is wrong, something is different, and it's setting off alarms. Kay pulled back and tipped the other man's chin. What he held in his arms was not the man he knew six months ago. This stranger is thin, glassy-eyed, and trembling. There are no words he can say, no questions he might ask, he simply pushed Marc's head back against his shirt. The other members file in creating a wake around the two men. No one blinks an eye. They'd all been there. \"Marc! Do you even know where you are?\" \"I thought... I thought it was a bar?\" \"No, you idiot.\" The affectionate tone was so familiar to Marc he leaned toward it. \"It's an AA Meeting.\" \"Why are you here?\" Marc raised his head, and Kay saw the dead eyes the hollow cheeks and the dark circles again. \"My job…\" Kay glanced away and finally answered in a voice harsh, \"They said I had to come, or I couldn't be a cop anymore. You?\" \"I don't know. Lights. People. I need a drink. Let me go….\" Panic rose again in Marc's chest, choking him. Get away! His feet began to move. He shrugged Kay's arms away. He didn't deserve kindness from this man. Hadn't he done the same to Kay? Hurt him, betrayed him and thrown him away just as he'd thrown Bettina's love away. He struggled against the very thing he wanted most. Hadn't he always wanted this? This thing he feared and would not name. \"Goddamn it, Marc. Talk to me. You can grant me a few seconds.\" Kay shoved him against the wall in fear more than anger. But the other words wouldn't come. It wasn't time for him to say how badly he missed him, how he thought about him and worried. Wished they'd been able to say at least goodbye. \"I don't know where else to go,\" Marc shouted. Heads turned in their direction. Kay pulled him into the hallway. Tears slipped through Kay's fingers as he cradled Marc's face. \"If I'm killing myself this is too slow… It's taking too long.\" \"Talk to me, Marc. Please.\" Just like so many times before he ran away to the safety of a glass of whiskey. When he reaches the bar, he hurries inside and waits while his heart pounds for the glass to appear in his hands. The glass warms his hands. The scent of peat soothes him and the taste of the malt calm him down. The bartender pours him a second glass before he's finished the first. Marc nods his thanks and savors the single malt sliding down his throat. \"First time at the AA meeting?\" He looked up in surprise and realized he's not the first to escape the AA Meeting into this dark haven. \"Yeah,\" he shrugs his shoulders in resignation and drains the second glass. Outside, with his hands stuffed into his pockets, Kay watches through the dirty window. The winter storm buffeted Kay threatening to push him off his feet to get him moving and threatening to freeze him if he didn't get back to the meeting. Straining his eyes to see Marc through the heavily frosted glass windows Kay watched him down three shots of whiskey in as many minutes. A churning rage built in his gut, which did nothing to wash away his broken heart still overflowing with guilt and shame. Marc, why are you still running, still in denial and yet, hadn't he tried that too? It doesn't work. The nearly undeniable urge to smoke - fucking anything - gripped him by the throat. Goddammit, he cursed at both of their stupidity and headed back to the meeting. Back inside the meeting room his feet and hands are barely defrosted when it's his turn to speak. Sinking further into his coat didn't stop the group from turning around with their expectant friendly faces. His head swiveled toward the exit while his feet are already in motion. A hand appeared, stopping him with a firm grasp. He allowed himself to be lead to a to the podium amidst a sea of smiles and welcome. Hiding behind the podium offers him little protection. How had he arrived at this point in his life, he asked himself trying to find the breath to speak. Not even thirty years old and here he stood on the brink of throwing away a career and life. The love he might have called his own was already gone, lost and drowning in a sea of alcohol. His stomach flipped forcing him to swallow bile. The faces blurred, and the room was silent. \"My…um.\" His hands curled into fists. \"My name is Kay Engle and I'm an addict.\" There, he'd said it. Now he could leave and do what? Join Marc at the bar, get drunk and struggle home with him through the snow? Yes! That's what he wanted. Struggling, laughing and clinging to each other until they finally fell into bed tearing at each other's clothes and enjoying a delightful way of warming up. Marc was just around the corner, within reach, just a few steps away. To block out the other's voices he gets back to a chair and sinks back into his coat. The consuming rage builds again. Against the hot sting of moisture, the vision of Marc drinking himself to death takes him away in a storm of guilt and grief. The exit beckons and this time no one tries to stop him from leaving.[Chapter 2] TITLE: Controlled Crash CHAPTER: 2, Hard Broke \"When he died, all things soft and beautiful and bright would be buried with him\" ―Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles Lights and sirens blaring, a police van careened around a corner, sliding in the muddy slush. Both threatened to empty Marc's stomach and the headache to pound against his temples with a faster tempo. He'd never come to work hungover. But seeing Kay that night had sent him on a binge he couldn't control. Now, here he sits with the other officers dressed in riot gear, with the hot stinking sweat of a drunk sliding in greasy rivulets down his skin. The close quarters and tension in the van is agonizing to his throbbing head. With is uniform soaking with sweat under the flak jacket while he kept his eyes downcast staring down at the weapon he's white-knuckled prevented his coworkers from catching his eye. One or two of them knew about the drinking. Once he might have called them friends, but they've run out of ideas about how to help their fellow officer. All they can do is protect him from his superiors finding out. Until today never came to work drunk or hungover and with that realization he remembers this is how he lost everyone who'd loved him. Even his parents no longer knew how to help their son. And how long had it been since he held his own child? The whip of shame beat him while he fought the urge to vomit. Finally, the police van slowed to enter the University gates. All around them students are shouting throwing bottles and debris. The noise level set Marc's head pounding so hard he had to close his eyes. The other officers watched through the small bulletproof windows at the rioting students and traded anxious glances. Hours of training had not prepared them for the violence outside the haven of the van. Suddenly the doors flew open, and their sergeant began shouting orders. Someone grabbed Marc by the arm and urged him toward the exit. The shouting students hit them like a wave of energy. They don't need to be told twice to get into formation. Something hard bounces off Marc's shield and knocks him back a step. A glass bottle shatters against his shield and the acrid smell of urine creeps under his helmet's protective mask. Several officers groan at the stink. Then behind him an officer shoved him back to the front of the line, \"Pay attention, idiot! We'll be lucky if that's the worst of it.\" On the other side of the quad, another police van pulls up, tires screeching on the concrete and throwing up a plume of dirty snow. For a moment, the angry crowd turns their attention toward the new arrivals. Their sergeant speaks quickly into his radio and watches as the other team forms up, waits a beat then issues orders to Marc's unit. They rehearsed this scenario many times. The veteran cops warned the rookies the reality of an angry crowd was much worse. With his head swimming, Marc banged his stick against his shield, stumbled, caught himself and moved forward with his unit. The plan is to control the students with a squad of officers on each side, slowly bottlenecking the crowd back into an area already secured with vehicles, additional officers, and bright orange emergency fencing. The crowd is having none of it. They know their rights, but there are older adults infiltrating the group and as they rush in to join the students, more and more of them are wearing masks. In the distance, people exit their vehicles and run toward the crowd pulling masks over their faces. The laws are strict about wearing masks during demonstrations. The cheering and anti-Muslim protesters increase as masked rioters enter the fray carrying signs with anti-Muslim sayings and PEGIDA slogans. The once-peaceful protesters grew quickly to an angry mob, whipped into a frenzy by the outsiders. Their unit is ordered to retreat to the protection of the van and regroup with other officers when a Molotov cocktail strikes the officer on Marc's right. The officer shouts and huddles under her shield. Marc tries to ward off the blow with his shield and assist the female, but the greasy fire splatters, burning his forearm. The unmistakable sound of a shotgun goes off nearby. Marc and another officer quickly extinguish the fire, and the medics pull the officer from the ranks. Another officer grabbed Marc and pointed to his arm. \"Borgmann, you're injured. Get back the with the medics!\" Marc shook his head. No, he will not leave. These idiots will pay for this, and he will see to it. The officer grabbed him again, \"That's a goddamn order, Rookie!\" In the seconds between the female officer being removed and the argument between Marc and the senior officer, the angry mob surrounds them. Their packed bodies form a jeering wall of anger and hostility. With his rage building, fueled by his pounding headache, Marc takes an ill-timed swing with his baton at the nearest adult wearing a mask. The older officer protected him from the answering blow and laid the masked protester out with a sharp crack from his baton. Then someone hidden in the crowd throws a jar full of feces directly at Marc. It splattered against his shield raining glass and stinking muck. Marc fell to his knees wretching helplessly. Until someone tried to drag him away by the collar. \"Borgmann, get the fuck up! We've got to get out of here!\" But he fights them off and rushes forward into the crowd. The sounds of the crowd drown out every thought, and every shouted order coming through his radio. He just wants it to stop, and it will stop because he's a cop, and it's his duty. Behind him, Marc heard an officer shouting a warning and another yelling for help. He ignored them and tried to fight his way through the taunting faces. Struggling to stay on his feet, Marc failed to notice a tall man in a mask clearing his way through the throng, before any of the officers can pull a weapon he hits Marc with a bat. \"Borgmann!\" Marc raised his arm, and the blow skipped off the clear polycarbonate shield. Another officer manages to get off a shot. While Marc, unaware of who is shooting shied away from the sound. Just before he notices the blossom of gore erupt from the man's black sweater, a second blow knocked his helmet off, spun him around and dropped him to the filthy ground. The crowd, barely avoiding the fallen officer surges forward pursuing the police back to the defense perimeter. They don't get far when a blast of water from a strategically placed firetruck quickly disperses the angry mob allowing the officers enough time to regroup. Their sergeant does a head count and notices Marc Borgmann is not among his officers. Behind them, in a pool of his blood and filth, Marc struggles to consciousness. The pounding of footsteps around him is disorienting and the radio chatter throbs in his ears along with his frantic panting while he tries to catch a breath. He paws for the radio at his shoulder, but it's gone, lost in the panic. Shouting for help only builds the pain into an agonizing beat that's keeping time with his heart. Marc turned his head to stare into the vacant eyes of a dead teenager lying a few feet from him. While his own body tries to save his life, he loses the feeling in his hands and feet. The sky above him is blue with puffy white clouds floating on a spring breeze. He thinks of a day long ago when Bettina and he were at a park. A perfect moment of laying with his head in her lap feeling the baby's movements against his cheek and hand. Her face framed in the sunlight so beautiful and laughing with joy. If he concentrates and looks hard he can see her face in the sky above him. A moment when he loved and was loved in return. The crowd hasn't noticed the second unit of officers running toward them to rescue the officers. Assembled in a flying wedge they quickly disperse the crowd separating them into few less dangerous numbers. Between the pressure of the fire hoses and the sound of automatic weapons firing harmlessly through the air, they begin to quiet down. Their actions more noticeable now, they quickly drop their weapons to the ground. News of the riot spread quickly, and a local army battalion arrived on the scene to assist the officers. Above, helicopters begin landing further disassembling the mob. Masks lay discarded on the wet ground as many flee to their vehicles only to find the road blocked at the University main gate. Injured protesters ironically call for help from the same group they fought against. A few lost children scream for their parents and several are helped to their vehicles by friends. An officer with a satchel on his shoulder stamped with a red cross begins to search the bodies. Assigned to assist the medics, Officer Engle hurries from body to body tagging a few and reassuring those still conscious. A sound caused him to raise his head from trying to calm a hysterical teenager and scanned the area. About fifty feet away he sees an officer struggling to roll over. There's something familiar about the man. \"Help is on the way,\" Kay shouted to the student and ran toward the officer. There are bodies between him and the downed man, but Kay doesn't stop, he can't. Until he skids to his knees as his brain identifies what his eyes and heart already know. Blood seeps from his mouth as Marc tries to speak. Hands reach blindly for the presence kneeling over him. Strong hands card Marc's hair back from his face. \"Shh, lay still. They're coming.\" \"Kay?\" He managed through the blood choking him. Kay turns his head so Marc can clear his throat. Tears trickled down the injured man's, Kay wiped them away with his fingers smearing the blood into the blond hair. When he tried to lift Marc's head to place a blanket under him, Kay's fingers touched his jaw and Marc screamed in reaction. The searing pain forced his eyes open and he finally recognizes who is with him. Marc's hands swing blindly trying to reach for Kay until finally he finds Kay's upper arms. \"Hang on,\" Kay reassured him staring into those light blue eyes he'd almost convinced himself he'd never see again. Marc is pale and beginning to tremble. He recognizes the symptoms of shock and removes his jacket to warm Marc. Finally managing to slide his hand under Marc so he can at least get his head off the ground. Kay bends low, so Marc can hear him over the cacophony of sound. \"I'm here,\" he says again and again, to fight the growing fear that Marc will die in his arms. \"I won't leave you, I promise.\" As if those words will stop Marc from sinking lower into shock. \"Kay? I'm sorry... so sorry.\" Kay tries to remain professional as he checks Marc for other injuries until he notices the full effect of Marc's drinking. The man is at least 10kg thinner then the night he saw him at the meeting. \"You fool. You stupid fool…\" Gathering Marc up in his arms. The dirt and blood go unheeded as Kay whispers against the broken jaw, \"Don't you leave me, don't you dare. Not now. Please.\" But Marc cannot reply to Kay's whispered please, and Kay watches helplessly as Marc's eyes close and he falls limp and quiet in Kay's arms. When the emergency team finally arrives with a stretcher, Kay tries to fight them from removing Marc from his arms. Source - Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamization of the West (PEGIDA) / news . vice article / anti-islam-rallies-are-gathering-support-in-germany-in-wake-of-charlie-hebdo-attacks[Chapter 3] TITLE: Controlled Crash CHAPTER: 3, Live Like its Spring Whatever you can do, or dream you can do, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it! —Goethe A child is crying. The plaintive weeping calls to him in a way he cannot resist. Children shouldn't be left to cry like that. Why isn't someone comforting that baby? Something profound and primal reminds him it's his responsibility to help it. The world around him is dark, quiet, and unknown. He does the only thing he can and follows the sound, straining to see through the gloom, only to find his way blocked by a closed door. A hand, he's not sure belongs to him reaches for the handle, but the door is locked. The hand knocks…once… twice… three times. A sense of unworthiness nearly overwhelms him, and he almost steps away. The door finally swings open with a protesting groan. When he moves into the room, the crying stops, replaced by the sound of a baby's suckling. Drawn toward the quiet squeak of a rocking chair, he recognizes Bettina. Her light brown hair falls to her shoulders, and she sits in the chair with her back to him softly singing a lullaby. \"Guten Abend, gute Nacht, mit Rosen bedacht, mit Näglein besteckt, schlupf′ unter die Deck! Morgen früh, wenn Gott will, wirst du wieder geweckt. Guten Abend, gute Nacht, von Englein bewacht, die zeigen im Traum dir Christkindleins Baum. Schlaf nun selig und süß, schau im Traum's Paradies.\" She's so beautiful like this, with their child in her arms, that his heart aches with need. He loves the sound of her voice and the fullness of her breasts as she feeds their son. He loves her for the gift of their child. For the love in her eyes when she gazes down at him gently rubbing her fingers through his blond curls. He loves her because for all his faults, ambitions, and selfishness she still loved him. He loves her because in spite of his betrayal she tried to save them. It's beyond his understanding how he could love this woman and yet so quickly turn to a man. Perhaps it wasn't men. It was that man. A man named Kay Engle. The man who made his desire clear without the usual games or romantic illusions. Kay gave him everything without asking for anything and all he did in return was destroy it. As he watches the woman, the one he thought of as the love of his life. The one with whom he imagined spending the rest of his days. Even watching her gentle hands move so gracefully. He realized he no longer remembers how to make love to her. She's a beautiful mother and a passionate lover. But he can't remember the touch of her hands on him, the taste of her, or how it felt when their bodies moved as one. The child, so intent on the nipple suddenly opens his blue eyes and stares up at his father. Shame demands he look away, but he cannot. Tears stain his cheeks as the stares into the depths of his son's eyes. An apology is on his lips when the child releases his mother's breast. With a drop of milk sliding down his round cheek grins up at his father. Small fists reach toward him. He reaches out and catches the drop of milk. The baby laughs, kicking its arms and legs with the joy of an innocent. Suddenly the baby screams in fear and vanishes. Trapped in a darkness thicker than a starless night with the only sound his heart pounding in his ears. The door is gone. Everything is gone. Blind! He's blind, and his face is on fire. Hot bile burns his throat as his panic rises. Shouting for help is useless because his throat is broken. How is that possible? No, there's something in it. Something keeping him from taking a breath. He struggles against the restraints holding him to the bed. Weakened from the alcohol and the injuries he can't get far. Hands on his shoulders pushing him down only increase his fear. Someone is speaking to him. The voice is soothing and familiar, and he yearns for it canting his body toward the sound. How long had that voice been talking to him? \"Marc, I'm here. Open your eyes.\" Terror filled eyes snapped open, and his vital signs spike when he recognizes Kay. Technicians hurried into the room, pushing Kay away from the bed, but Marc grabs one of Kay's hand and tries to pull himself up. Kay winced as Marc crushed his fingers in a panicked grip. Ignoring the demands of the medical staff Kay wraps his free hand around Marc's neck. \"Look at me. Focus on me!\" Light blue eyes locked together. Kay willed him strength and Marc took pulling it through the grip of their joined hands. Finally, Marc's breathing slowed, and Kay was able to help him lay back down. \"Can't we get this damn tube out of his throat?\" Kay shouted while Marc's fear and anxiety add to the spiraling emotions. Marc's grip on his hand is painful but welcome. There is sanity and life in those eyes and Kay nearly weeps with relief. Officer Engle reluctantly removes Marc's hand and moves out of the way to allow the medical staff to work. With an anxious glance toward the hallway, he knows it's only a matter of minutes before Marc's parents show up. The only reason the staff allowed him in the room at all is his uniform. Once the family arrives, he'll be lucky if they ever let him back in and wonders if Bettina will come with them. So he pushes his way back to Marc and takes a second to lay his hand alongside his face with a smile he hopes in reassuring. The touch lasted a second, but it's enough for Marc to stop fighting, and he watches Kay move away never taking their eyes off each other. The staff speaks to Marc in calming tones, promising to remove the tube if he relaxes. Another smile from Kay allows Marc to drop back on the pillow again. They work quickly, deflating the small balloon and allowing the tube to slide naturally from Marc's throat. Kay's gag reflex reacts sympathetically when Marc begins to wretch and gasp for breath. The need to reassure himself that Marc is okay pushes him back toward the bed. He wants them to leave now, get out of the room. There are things he wants to say before Marc is lost to him again. His family must be almost here by now. Finally, they are alone, and Kay sits on the bed next to Marc. Their fingers intertwine. Marc shakes Kay's hand and grunts with scared eyes looking for answers. Stroking his hair, Kay said softly, \"You're okay and very lucky. The shield took the brunt of the blow and your helmet protected you from a head injury.\" Kay smiled down at Marc trying to communicate. \"Don't try to talk, you pussy. Your jaw is wired shut.\" With an eye on the doorway, Kay brought one of his hands to his lips to kiss the fingers and hold the hand against his chest. \"I have to go. Your family...\" Marc shook his head. \"I have to go. They won't be pleased if I'm here. I'll come back when I can. I promise.\" With another grunt of pain and an effort that left him dizzy, Marc threw himself into Kay's arms. When he caught him all of Kay's resolve and anger dissipated, he buried his face in Marc's neck. \"I'm so sorry…. I should have understood. Marc, I—\" Marc fought him by pulling back and shaking his head. Then Kay watched Marc's eyes widen when a second later someone grabbed him by the collar and dragged him off the bed. Unable to stop the momentum Kay found himself on the floor. An older man stood over him with his fists clenched. \"Get the fuck away from my son, faggot!\" Upset and exhausted, Kay climbed to his feet and managed to keep his temper under control. Still, straightening his uniform, he could not help but say, \"The next time you touch me, Mr. Borgmann I'll charge you with assaulting an officer.\" Behind the two men, Marc's mother wept openly, climbing on the bed next to her son to fuss. \"Get out of here before I call your boss. There's no place for the likes of you in my son's life!\" A doctor stepped into the room. His presence immediately calmed the swirling hostility. Marc's parents begin talking at the same time, asking questions and demanding Kay's removal. The doctor, a young man with black hair and green eyes, offered Kay a hand up. \"Officer Engle, will you come with me, please? I noticed you needed some first aid. You can't ignore those cuts and scrapes.\" With a last look at Marc, Kay allowed himself the doctor to lead him from the room. The doctor pulled him into the first empty exam room he found. Indicating a chair, the doctor located first aid equipment while he speaks. \"Apologies, Officer. I intended to let you know they were headed your way, but I got held up.\" Kay shot him a look, and the doctor smiled. \"How did I know? I saw your face when they brought him in. No one's looked at me with that much care and concern for a very long time.\" The doctor began to clean the blood and debris from Kay's hand. \"Besides, we have to take care of each other, don't we?\" Too stunned to form an answer, Kay's experience with other gay men is limited to clubs, chance encounters, and one night stands. Beatings from his father, his mother's tears and accusations, and teasing in school left him with a deep-seated instinct to hide his true nature. University proved one of the loneliest times of his life. Not that there weren't gays on campus, by then Kay's anxiety about the discovery was highly tuned. His inhibition kept him on the sidelines, watching the openly gay men and women, having fun and demonstrating a level of affection in public he would never dare. As the years passed and his isolation deepened, drugs and dark clubs provided a way out. The darkness hid him, and the loud music drowned the conflicting desires. If University provided him an escape from home, growing despondency and the abuse of drugs and drugs the Police Academy gave him a focus, challenge, and a home. Then one day, he met his new roommate. Tall and darkly blond with hooded eyes, the man's eyes intrigued him, and he wanted to move close enough to look into the pale blue depths. As Kay's attraction to Marc grew, he let Marc get dressed first because he didn't dare get out of bed. Even with his head buried in a pillow, feigning sleep, his body heated to the sound of Marc moving around the room. Once, Marc caught him staring at the sight of the broad shoulders, long muscular legs, and trim waist as Marc exited the bathroom. The blush that stained Marc's neck had caught at his heart. He should have said something then, expressed some emotion. Tested the waters with a friendly joke. Instead, the tension between them grew, and Marc took to dressing in the bathroom. Kay yearned for something from the young man he didn't know how to ask. He wanted to earn a smile from the stern features. Get to know him better, even become friends. \"Are you okay, Officer?\" The doctor's voice pulled him from his thoughts. \"If you allow your fears to keep you from letting him know your feelings toward him, you will lose him. He has a family, a woman, and a child. As he heals, it will be easier for him to sink back into what's familiar and safe. It won't be easy.\" \"It never fucking is.\" Kay scoffed pulling his hand away and moving toward the door away from this man forcing him to see truths he'd never faced. \"Thanks for fixing my hands.\" \"Officer Engle, here is my cell. Call me after six. The evening meal will be over by then, and the parents gone. In fact, I'll make sure the parents are gone.\" A hand landed on his shoulder. It was all he could do not to flinch away. \"If you love him, if what I saw in the ambulance is genuine. Then don't lose this chance for happiness. I did, once, a long time ago. When I finally found the courage to search, I found him alone and dying of end stage complications of AIDS.\" \"I'm sorry. That must have been hard.\" \"It changed my life and one of the reasons I became a doctor.\" He stepped around in front of Kay and gripped his shoulders. \"I see the long empty nights, bad nutrition, the drug use — you don't need to deny it — it's all there on your face. Officer Borgmann's blood alcohol level is high enough to obligate the hospital to report him to the authorities. I don't want to do that. So help me out. Go home, get yourself cleaned up, and call me.\" Hot tears burned his eyes; he turned his head and blinked them away. No one had ever spoken to him like this. No one had ever cared enough. Kay couldn't trust himself to speak, so he simply nodded and fled the room. Outside a light snow began to fall, glittering like falling crystals illuminated in the street lights. Kay zipped his jacket and started walking. A park across the street from the hospital drew him in and for an hour he walked aimlessly, head down his mind in turmoil. Each step lacerated him with guilt and grief for what might have been. Marc could have been killed or left with brain damage by that protester. If he hadn't been so selfish, if he hadn't been so stupid about Marc's home life. The man was under enough stress, and he'd pushed him into an affair. Called him when he knew Bettina could easily see his cell phone log and encouraged him to use drugs. Gave him keys, difficult to keep hidden because once you hid something from someone you love trust is destroyed. He was nothing more than a selfish, heartless bastard. But damn, hadn't it been good while it lasted. Earlier, Marc seemed glad to see him or was that just fear? He couldn't be sure, and he would never know unless he asked. When he finally found his way back to his car, he had a plan. First, shower and change, then call the doctor. Three hours later, the doctor met him at the nurses station. Two of the nurses smiled knowingly. One of them, a handsome blond the size of a footballer or a maybe a Viking winked. Did everyone know what a fool he was about to make of himself? \"He's awake. Go on,\" the Doctor said kindly and gave him a quick shove to get him moving. The door to Marc's room clicked shut behind him. Kay swallowed hard and tried to calm down, but his heart stirred something in his gut, and a trickle of cold sweat shivered down his spine. Then Marc turned his head, and there were those blue eyes. Twelve hours after the accident, the purple bruising on Marc's red and swollen face is heartbreaking. Without knowing quite how he got there, Kay is climbing on the bed and touching his cheek to the uninjured side of Marc's face. Then he pulled back sharply, leaving a question in Marc's eyes. He shouldn't touch him. Don't screw this up, he warned himself. So he said the first thing he could think of that wasn't about himself. \"Your family. Did…\" Kay cleared his throat. \"Did you see your son?\" Marc nodded, but the question remained in his eyes. \"Do you think someday, I could meet him?\" Kay glanced away. This was harder than he thought. What did he have to offer this beautiful man? Wild sex in filthy bathrooms, a quick fuck against a vehicle, drugs and not much else. He should just leave and let Marc get on with his life. Something came out of him, boiling like hot tar into his throat. A sob tore open his mouth. He couldn't stop it. \"I'm sorry… I'm sorry… so stupid.\" Strong arms circled his shaking shoulders and pulled him down to the bed. A strong hand carded through his hair and pressing his head down to a familiar shoulder. Kay felt the solid thump of Marc's heartbeat against his cheek and thought he could get used to this. In fact, he wanted very much to get used this. Dragging a sleeve across this face, he sat up. He took courage from the injured man's emotion filled eyes. \"If you want to stay with Bettina and your son, then I won't interfere. But, if you want to… if you want to try… Please don't say no.\" Kay's voice sped up trying to prevent Marc from interrupting and sending him away. \"I want to help you raise your son. I could do that. I want to do that with you… learn how. Eat meals together in a real home… argue and make up and heal together…\" He loved this man. What would he do when Marc sent him away? The man had a real family. Wiping his face with his hands, Kay turned to leave and get out of Mard's life. The sound of scribbling drew his attention back to Marc. What was he doing? Marc kept wiping his eyes and getting frustrated because he couldn't see to write. Finally, he tossed the pad at Kay. In scrawled letters it read, Dont be a pussy and leave me. I need u. Yes 2 evrything. I love u 2! Brahms's Lullaby, (Lullaby and Goodnight\" \"Lullaby and goodnight, with roses bedight With lilies o'er spread is baby's wee bed Lay thee down now and rest, may thy slumber be blessed Lay thee down now and rest, may thy slumber be blessed Lullaby and goodnight, thy mother's delight Bright angels beside my darling abide They will guard thee at rest, thou shalt wake on my breast They will guard thee at rest, thou shalt wake on my breast\"[Chapter 4] TITLE: Controlled Crash CHAPTER: Epilogue \"Stop! What are you doing?\" \"The laundry?\" \"Do you even know how to sort clothes?\" Kay dropped the load of whites and blue jeans and uniform shirts on the floor in exasperation with an exaggerated sigh. Just one more thing he apparently didn't know how to do. First, it was the dishes. Was it his fault he'd never learn to load a dishwasher? Then he left his clothes on the bathroom floor for the tenth time. Apparently Marc kept count. Now, it was the laundry. \"I'm doing it again aren't I?\" Marc reached for Kay and gave him a quick teasing kiss on the lips. \"Let me show you. If you…\" \"No, let me show you.\" Kay took Marc's face in his hands and kissed him hard and quick. Foreheads together, Marc leaned into that smile, letting his frustration dissipate to enjoy the slide of the other man's arms around his waist, the clean masculine scent of him and the taste of him on his lips. Fuck the laundry. Marc pushed him against the small washer and dryer with his body so they touched lips to feet. Desire heated the space between them until Kay pulled Marc's hips toward his to share the growing need. Marc grinned and returned the kiss without the usual reservation or fear. They were past that now, both healthy and committed to each other. The home they made for themselves in a spacious apartment, a safe and comfortable space. Bettina and Marc shared custody of their son, so their routine run through the woods was often accompanied with his son in a stroller. \"Marc, look.\" Kay turned Marc's head toward the living room. In the center of the room was his son's playpen. With his brow creased in concentration, with sure hands and a steady pull his son was suddenly standing on his own two feet for the first time. Then he looked up to see Marc and Kay grinning at him. He grinned back, laughing with delight at his accomplishment. When he let go of the sides to clap his small hands together he fell on his butt with a thump. A frown replaced the grin, and before he could release his frustration, his father scooped him up and gave him a kiss. \"Good job!\" His father said, hugging his son. Kay stepped forward and slid his arms around Marc with the child between them. While his son giggled at all the attention, Kay kissed Marc's cheek. \"Thank you for this.\" Marc shook his head, \"Thank you for never giving up on me.\" \"Then we're even,\" Kay responded with a grin. \"Not even close.\" \"Well, you could make it up to me tonight.\" Kay's smile turned mischievous. \"I am getting a little bored with clean sheets, it's off-putting, you know? Maybe we could... in the bathroom for old time's sake?\" \"If you get the laundry done without turning our underwear Polizei blue I'll grant your wish.\" Kay began to sort the laundry enthusiastically. From the kitchen where he was feeding his son, Marc shouted, \"I love you!\" \"I love you, too Officer Borgmann,\" he said softly. Wondering if he'd ever felt happier in his life sorting laundry and listening to Marc's voice speaking to his son and the happy sounds of the little boy echoing through the apartment. ~ das Ende~ ","Summary":" TITLE: Controlled Crash CHAPTER: 1, Summer to Your Heart \"What is this 'heart'? If I tear open tha"},{"Movie":"Felidae","Title":"Silver Souls","Author":"Sinbreaker","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9199387","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oh how life has a confusing way of working out. You never know when your time has come to leave this world and enter the next, I certainly didn't. And then again, life isn't that simple either. What I thought had been my end was nothing more than a pause, a long sleep in my sad untold life. I believed I was dead for a long time, not dreaming yet more...moving. Yes, in my coma like state, I was traveling through distant stars and galaxies, is what it seemed like. Searching for what they called the afterlife. A place where I would be greeted by my mother and siblings, fallen friends of old and new, and maybe, the one who led me to my downfall as well. If he too, was waiting there for me. And if so, how would it end….or in this case, begin? Would he great me with kindness, or would our past follow us into the stars and we try to slaughter each other with never ending life? Who knows…? I found it…but lost it almost at once. It was a remarkable place, one of golden lakes and silver forest. Peace existed there, true peace. And I looked for them, who I knew so well… and I was greeted by him! The one in my dreams before, with a shining coat of white, golden eyes that sparkled like gems, the one the earth cries for. But it didn't last. For he said 'It's not your time yet, sister dear.' And then, it such pain and sadness I was ripped away from the beautiful world, and I awoke to darkness and death. No really, I did. The dead lined the walls of the underground catacombs, and the faint light outlined every ghastly detail of my dead brothers and sisters of Felidae. I thought for a sicking moment I had fallen to hell and landed in an eternal prison, but a familiar shape broke through the darkness as a flickering shadow, and appeared near a shaft of light. He was an Old Persian. His greyish blue pelt darkened with dirt and dust, and had missing patches of fur. His old weary yellow eyes scanned the room and when they met mine he dropped the flowers he was carrying and yowled in shock. \"The dead has risen!\" He yelled in surprise and then he swiftly said \"I am but your guardian, if the reason you have returned is because I was unfaithful to the prophet, please let me know where I was wrong!\" \"Jesaja?\" I questioned in a weary voice. I was thirsty, I ached and my head was pounding. I felt incredibly weak, and hungry above most things. The cat stopped his ramblings and looked to me with an astonished gasp. \"Sister Novalee!\" He said in such joy and sadness at the same time it surprised me. He padded across the stone floor and arrived at my side. I closed my eyes wishing to go back to sleep, back to that wonderful place and forget the pain, but Jesaja nudged me gently and said \"If it's not your time…then don't go.\" He had a wishful tone in his voice. He wanted me alive, as much as I wanted to be dead. But as he who saved the world by killing us in the end said 'It's not your time…' So I stayed, and left the wonderful vision of paradise behind. … \"Jesaja, have you ever wanted to leave the Temple of the Dead?\" I asked one day while we dined on a scrawny rat. The travel to 'heaven' and back was months ago. Jesaja has done his best, bringing me a rat when he could, along with water if possible. And slowly, I became myself again….sort of. \"But if I leave the Temple of the Dead, who would care for the dead? I am their guardian. And I am not allowed to see the land of day.\" \"I know that is what the Prophet had said to you, but aren't you afraid you will go blind from this darkness? Without the need for your vision in the dark caves, you are sure to lose it.\" \"Ah, but sister dear I may not set paw in the land of day, but that does not mean I look to it.\" He said and looked to a shaft of light leaking in from a whole in a tunnel system. I remained looking down at the rat, until Jesaja said \"But you my dear look into the darkness….you shall lose your eyesight if you do not look the other way.\" I blinked and thought about his words. It was true. I have sunk lower in this winding maze of darkness by the day. I am fascinated by the structure and details of the dead, human and animal. I do, lay in the main shaft of light to let the warmth of the sun wash over me, but the catacombs of darkness called my curiosity. \"Do you ever plan to return to the land of day?\" Jesaja asked giving his paw a wash. I lay on the floor and said \"I don't know…\" \"But what of your friends? And that one brother you seemed to be close with… Francis…wasn't it?\" I was quiet. Thinking calmly and I said \"I am not sure how my arrival will settle. I did what I had to do to save the lives of Felidae and Mankind.\" \"And what is that dear sister?\" I heaved a sigh and said \"When I arrived at my new home, I discovered a string of murders all leading to do with love and mating. Francis and I worked hard to figure out who the murderer was. Two very close friends perished because of it.\" I paused and remembered two familiar faces. And the horrors of their death came crashing into my mind. \"We discovered that the murderer was trying to create a new breed of Felidae. One that would kill of the humans and populate the world. I stopped the program by killing the murderer. And that is why you found me there in the snow not to long back. But the reason I don't want to return to everyone…just yet is because the murderer was a friend. And his death might be blamed on me and I would not be able to explain it without ruining many beliefs.\" Jesaja was quiet for another long moment and then he said \"There comes a time when we realize more then we wanted to dear sister. I have a reason, care for the dead. But, the dead has stopped coming, and by what you told me… I have to ask… did you kill the Prophet?\" \"…Yes.\" I replied quietly and then added \"His throne was built up on lies and twisted truths. Joker was in on it the entire time. What the Prophet was doing…he was wrong. Trying to play god and putting himself on top. The dead that come to you are murdered victims of his plan. And with this in mind…\" I paused and looked to a shaft of soft light. \"We should leave the Temple of the Dead…\"[Chapter 2] I walked around in complete darkness as I maneuvered through the cave tunnels. Jesaja was following right behind me with a slower pace. It was night, a good start to leave at. The tunnel we had chosen comes out of a drainage pipe near where Deep Purple was found dead months ago. And as we got closer, the walls became more spread apart; a thin trail of light began to illuminate the tunnel as the earthy ground changed into the steel of the pipe. Then slowing down myself…I reached the entrance. I stood still, letting my eyes adjust to the dim light, and then, I stepped out and onto grass. It was cold as the stone inside the catacombs. Only here and now did it actually feel…warm as well. Like it was welcoming me back to the world above. The wind was blowing a bit, a breeze ruffled my fur and I took a deep breath, taking in the night. Jesaja came out slower, still unsure what would happen. His yellow eyes watched me for a moment, and then he slowly padded out of the drainage pipe, emerging into the night as well. By looking at the moon, which was only a crescent, I could tell that dawn was in a few hours…till then… I spotted a puddle of water and bounded over to it. The water rippled at the vibrations of my paws hitting the ground. Once I reached it, I dropped and rolled in it soaking my fur. As much as we hate to get wet when it comes to baths, I wanted to look my best when seen again. The puddle just washed away the scent of death and decay for the moment, leaving me a chance to groom my fur. I combed my teeth through my fur, tearing out bits of dirt and dust, and then I flattened it down with my tongue. Jesaja wondered around the small yard, examining everything carefully. He stopped and stared at a tree for a moment, and then turned towards the wall. I left him to do whatever as I continued cleaning… that was until a scent of a cat hit my nose. Three to be exact… \"Well look what we have here boys, got someone sniffing around our spot.\" Jesaja spun around and I ducked down into the tall grass. Looking up at the wall that divided the yards, I saw the massive as ever Kong and his two lackeys… Herman and Herman. The twins where a good yard away from their boss, and knowing Kong's attitude, Jesaja would be mincemeat in a second if this goes bad. Especially since he did not know how to fight. \"Maybe you should remind him of whom this yard belongs too boss.\" Cross-eyed Herman said with his twin laughing. Kong smirked and said \"Not a bad idea. I haven't had a chance to test my claws out on anything but furniture lately.\" Kong's claws slid out as he laughed, which echoed off the walls. I felt my paws tighten and my claws slide out, piercing the earth below. With a silent dash forward, I sprinted past Jesaja and leaped up with a screech. As I flew through the air, Kong stopped laughing, and at that moment I smashed right into Kong's side. The impact made him tumble to the side and off the wall. While I didn't see him land, I gripped the stone to keep from sliding off and, with a massive heave I pulled myself up onto the stone wall. Turning 180 degrees I looked down at Kong I said with a faint growl \"I told you if you're not careful I will shred your ass Kong.\" The twins backed a step up hissing and Kong, now regaining his balance glared up at me and said \"Ah its puff ball. Looks like the little birds in the trees were wrong. We thought you were gone, dead!\" His tail swished back and forth as he turned bunching his mussels. I gave a low growl and said \"Yes yes, yay I am back now… if you don't mind my friend and I will just be on our way… or dose your new claw tattooed ass need another one to match?\" Kong hissed back and got ready to jump, and I got my claws out. We both knew if he leaped I could land a blow just right, landing at the face or neck. But, forgetting the nature of things, Dum and Dummer that was originally a yard away now tackled me over with full force. I toppled over a few yards away with a startled yowl from Jesaja and in a fit of blind furry I lashed out blows to the nearest twin. I managed to score my claws down one of the cheeks oh who knows which twin. It didn't matter at this point. Kong leaped forward suddenly and bit ahold of my scruff. Using his weight and strength he picked me up a few inches and tossed me down. I bounced on the ground with a thud. At that moment my chest screamed in pain as I must have hit something during the land. As I scrambled up, I saw Jesaja hesitate, and then step forward only to have Herman and Herman leap in front of him, blocking his way. I tried to run to him, but as I took my first step, Kong dived in between and snarled, showing off his fangs. I arched my back and let out an ear splitting screech, although did not advance forward. Apparently someone heard it. The house closest to us gave off light as one of its windows, once dark as the night lit up with a bedroom light. The window flew open and some human, a man yelled out some gibberish in another human language, and threw something at us. Kong and I broke apart, dodging the object, which was an old rubber shoe. The other came flying and knocked Herman upside the head, one without cross eyes. He tumbled down and the twin ducked into bushes for cover. \"Jesaja, let's go.\" I hissed softly and sprinted past Kong, taking off into the street, with the Old Persian right at my side. I could hear Kong following in pursuit. But as we reached the other side of the road, headlights filled the street, and Kong stayed back on the other side, letting the car pass. By then, we were already over the next two walls. And heading for an old house, one where I hoped to meet up with an old friend…[Chapter 3] Dawn would come soon, but for now it was still dark. Kong, and his lackeys had long ago given up on the chase. And I was glad of that! I was a good fighter (if I say so myself) but months in total darkness and scrunched up tunnels had not done well to the mussels. Yes, I managed to escape the \"wrath\" of Kong, but that was just a fluke. I would need a long nap the moment I would close my eyes. I planned on it. I took a leap onto a stone wall, and peered into the garden below. The grass was in desperate need of attention. Overgrown in some spots, dead in others. I could only wonder how many little creatures were scurrying around between the blades of green. Jesaja leaped up onto the wall beside me, letting out a huff and a small pant. He was old. As much as I hate to admit it, but with his poor health habits, and age stacking against him, it wouldn't be long until he reached the end of his time. I am only glad though, that he had not lived his entire life a lie. A simple pawn into the large plan of the King of Darkness, the one who entwined my path with many others, the one who was dead, and gone. Along with his millions of data containing our kind. The house before Jesaja and I loomed with darkness, the walls being covered in thick layers of moss and ivy, even to the point where it began to overtake the windows. It was obvious that the outside of the home was more neglected than I thought in the beginning. I sniffed the air, catching the faint scent of a brother. One that made my heart beat faster. He was still here, he was okay, and he was alive. I looked up at the ivy covered windows, and looked for an easy way in. Both the kitchen, and first story bathroom window were closed tight, but the second story window was open, just like always. I suspect that it must be broken, for I have never seen it shut. The balcony, and makeshift fire escape, was within jumping distance that is if you used the tree. Without a word to Jesaja, I turned and in a few bounds made it to the tree and with one leap, I clawed my way onto the bark, and up the first thickest branch that outstretched towards the house. It was thick, yes, but a human would not be able to go out as far as our kind could. Within a few seconds, I was touching the rusted metal with my paws, Jesaja not far behind. A gentle breeze blew, and the leaves ruffled. I turned to look on instinct towards the sound, and from there, I saw something that made me pause in my journey to past friends. I sat down, and wrapped my paws. Then I looked to Jesaja and said \"You need to see this before we continue on, trust me.\" He gave me a confused look, his old and worn yellow eyes watching me closely, trying to decide if what I said was true. \"Alright.\" Was his simple answer and he sat down next to me, which quickly turned into a laying position, but he still faced forward, towards the direction of the tree. Minutes passed, as we just sat there. And then, the dawn began to show. First it was just a few shades changing into the sky, but then a dark red color faded in followed by pinks and oranges. A bit of purple too. I heard Jesaja take a sharp intake of breath, and for a fleeting moment I thought I heard him whisper a prayer to \"The Prophet\" or maybe God. But it soon vanished with a soft sniff, and I turned to look. His cloudy yellow eyes had begun to leak out tears. And I realized how important, how…how special this was. He had lived his life underground so long, he had never seen a sunrise, or in that fact, day. This was the Land of Day he was kept from, he was kept from life. He was left alone with the dead so long that he had forgotten life. And here I was, sitting next to him as he wept. But it was tears of joy, he needed no comforting, just silence, and the bright light of day. \"You are truly a wonderful person, Novalee. Such a gift you have presented me cannot be forgotten. Though, the dead may be left alone they are not forgotten, just like this gift will never be. I am still the Guardian of the Dead, I will still bring them flowers, and pray for their safety in the other world, and pray that all the pain and suffering of this life is left behind with their bodies…\" I didn't reply, I didn't need to. The silence between us was more than enough of what I could ever say to comfort him. I raised my paw and gave it a few quick licks, drawing it over my own face. I would let him cry, and pray all he wanted. For that's what I owed him for saving my life, at least, that is all I could really do. By the time Jesaja had calmed down the sun had long risen over the roof of a first story house and was steadily climbing over the taller houses near it. I wanted to continue on with my day, as welcoming as the sun was, I wanted to get along with other things, do other things, and see other people. But I could tell Jesaja wanted nothing more now than to lie in the sun. \"Jesaja, I'll be back. I'm going inside this house to check up on an old friend.\" I said and Jesaja only responded with a twitch of the ear. He took a breath, just as a gentle breeze blew in from the east. \"Alright…\" Was all he said. I turned away from the Old Persian and padded across the rusty metal of the ground below me. Inside the house came a mixture of scents and sounds. Someone was awake- and by that I mean a human. By the noise they were making someone was fumbling around in the kitchen down the hall and around the stairs. I slipped in silently and carefully. There were scented candles on the window plane so it made getting in a little harder, but I managed not to budge them. They gave off an overdose of vanilla and what I believe to be cherry blossoms. The dark pink and peaches candles sat side by side, and carried another scent with them. A female human by the smell of it. Which was quite odd. Gustav, by what I remember, was not a very attractive man. A very fat man I might add. I believe he was in his late forties, and by side conversations Francis and I held, his job wasn't very pleasing either. I believe he wrote to some magazine impersonating a troubled mother with six kids. My god the garbage he worked up and sent out was fascinating. What was more fascinating is that they paid him for it. Yes, in the meantime he did work on creating a series of encyclopedia entries of 'our' goddess. The Goddess Bast, one who took the form of Felidae. Leaping down onto the retiled floor, I quickly made my way through the open door and down to the first set of stairs. It was hard to believe that the last time I had made my way on these rickety old things was to see the first clue into the murders that struck here who knows how long ago. A flicker, a quick movement. Someone was coming from the living room, at a fast speed I might add. In the back, probably from the kitchen I heard a woman's voice call out \"Those nuts must go!\" followed by that, a black and white brother of mine took off, his face twisted with irritation and annoyance. I froze on the stairs as he past, but I heard the soft patter of his paws come to a stop. A moment past, a second, maybe even a minute. I wasn't too sure at the time. My heart was racing at a million miles a minute. Green eyes peaked around the stair rail, and then the head fully came out. Eyes locked on mine. His a minute before annoyance faded into a look of surprise, and disbelief. \"Novalee?\" He called, coming around to the first step. He still looked the same in every way. His green eyes still sparkled like emeralds, filled with untamed curiosity and intelligence. I was filled with too much excitement to reply, that and I didn't get a chance too. Footsteps of a human came down the hall, even before I saw her, I got a blast of horrid perfume. It was like she dumped the whole bottle on herself, and I couldn't even identify what the scent was supposed to be. Some mixture of tropical island breeze and cherries? God I don't even want to know because someone screwed up on the process. Then, she came in. A tall thin women, with should cut brown hair- correction. Aging grey hair that was once brown. Her eyes were grey, a cold grey, and her lips were plastered with layers upon layers of fire engine red. Whatever she used made her lips puff out, looking bigger than they actually were. I could see the faintest of wrinkles on her, only because she most likely went under surgery after surgery by the cosmetics and plastics. She scowled at Francis, muttering that weird sentence \"Those nuts must go\" again, and then, her grey eyes rested on mine. She yelled in a fit of rage, and hollered about like I was a slobbering old dog taking a piss on her favorite 'real chinchilla fur' coat. Yah, that's what it was like. Yet here I was, just standing- or rather now backing up. I arched my back, fur standing on end. The women reached behind her, and grabbed the first thing she saw, and umbrella in a holder. Like a caveman swinging a club she came at me, still screaming out words I cannot repeat. But even before she made it to the first step I was off like a white bullet. I darted up, and around the stairs to the attic. She couldn't even begin to chase after me, not in her three inch high heels. But I was aware of Francis following me. God forbid that old witch decides to take her umbrella out on him. When I reached the attic, which I will add was not easy as it was before, I collapsed on a pile of old documents, and gave my chest fur a furious lick. That's all I could do, for I was too worked up to do anything else, for the moment at least. \"Novalee!\" Francis called out just as he came through the hole in the wall that lead up here. I stopped in mid lick and looked up at him. Giving off a sigh of relief I smiled and said \"Some lady you got there.\" Francis sniffed seeing annoyed that the first thing I say to him would be about the crazy lady down below. I could hear her trampling up the stairs, shouting at the top of her lungs. \"Never mind her, she won't find us.\" Francis started and walked over. He then asked \"Where have you been all this time?\" \"A guardian in training.\" I joked, \"Jesaja found me bleeding to death. I was out for a few days but slowly came too. Been underground with him since that night. I've been too tired and weak from my injuries and blood loss to come back. That and I didn't want to leave him down there alone again.\" \"So you did it. You went to face Pascal about the whole thing…\" Francis said, in a quiet tone. I knew there would be no happiness between him and the end of that tale. Francis had been close to Pascal. Closer than I had been. Logic had been their binding. And when logic had made itself known along with the beginning of this story to the very end. So it was best to leave the past behind. \"That was a while ago, and it would do us both good to try and remember the good, not the bad.\" I answered him. And then asked a question of my own. \"Now, mind telling me who your new addition to the household is?\" \"Francesca, Gustav's girlfriend.\" I noted the name similarity between the two and couldn't hold back a small smile. \"It's quite obvious that you don't like her.\" \"Yah, and she's going to drive me to the brink of insanity!\" Francis exclaimed and added \"She's going to pack me away in a box while I sleep and send me far away, on an airline to Alaska!\" he exaggerated. I rolled my eyes and then said \"And by the sound of things she's wanting you to be castrated.\" Francis was about to speak but he was silent. Mouth hanging open but he didn't say anything. 'Those nuts must go' sentence probably just dawned on him of its true meaning. I laughed a little at his expression and said \"Don't worry Francis, I bet you have nothing to worry about. After all, Gustav would never do that to you.\"[Chapter 4] Francis and I emerged from the upstairs bathroom window, and to my surprise, Jesaja was gone. The Old Persian, for one reason or another had left the scene even though I told him I would come back. I doubted that he didn't believe me. But instead, maybe he wanted to explore on his own. For all his life had been led by someone else. Francis and I spent the rest of the afternoon talking, sleeping and walking around together. Mainly in the warmth of the sun behind the house, where we were hidden in the tall grass and away from Francesca. When night had fallen, we returned back inside, and waited on the second floor for the two adults to retreat into their bedroom. When I heard the door close, I raced down the stairs and turned into the living room. A bowl had been left out for Francis, but being the kind cat he was, he offered me some. I was glad to break my habit of catching small things like mice and rats. I sank my teeth into the left overs of cooked fish, cod to be exact. A thin lair of spice covered the top, which made the meal all the more delicious. As I dove into my next bite, the soft patter of rain began. I licked my lips, and raised my head. Francis came around the corner at an even pace. I only took one look at him to know he was upset. Over what was not hard to imagine. \"That traitor!\" He suddenly spat. His eyes were giving away to the faintest of tears. I perked my ears and stood, turning my attention away from the bowl. \"That double-crossing two-timing traitor!\" \"What happened?\" I asked, and Francis leaped up to the left kitchen window, that was left open. He huffed and said \"Gustav finally gave into that witch…\" I leaped up next to him, and pressed my pelt against his. \"What are you going to do?\" \"Leave.\" \"Leave?\" I echoed and looked out to the stormy weather in front of us. Francis nodded and said \"Find a new life, a new beginning. Someplace that isn't here.\" I looked back, and around the kitchen. The cozy walls, the life with his 'owner', giving that up? Well… when you look at the two options. Stay here, and off goes the nuts! Leave and a new life that could be a gamble between good or bad. And leaving tonight? Couldn't he wait till morning when the storm had at least somewhat passed? Nope. Francis leaped out the window, and landed on the long tall grass. In surprise, I leaped after and landed next to him. The rain beat down on my fur, beginning to smooth it down. Francis then raced towards the wall and leaped over, disappearing on the other side. \"Francis!\" I called and followed. Leaping up onto the wall divider between gardens was a challenge. For it was cracked in several places, missing parts and slippery from the rain. But I leaped down to the other side and caught up with my one way ticket friend. I looked back, looking at Francis's former house. The paint peeled off, exposing grey stone. The ivy plants grew like veins, the dark windows looking like eyes. It gave me a depressing feeling inside. Why I am not sure. But a glance down the left of the row of houses, my eyes rested on a building that was not in as bad of condition. Ivy grew, only making it up the old oak tree. The house itself was untouched by the plant. The window, darker than Francis's house, and nothing was held inside. This house had been empty for some time… A long time. I had only stayed in that house a few times myself. How I curled up next to a kind human. Sleep in the warm bed, relax on the couch under the sun and receive a portion of her homemade dinners. How quickly things can change… I looked back around and found Francis gone. Looking around at the walls and houses, I twisted and turned, trying to figure out which way he had gone. \"Novalee!\" I heard his voice come from my right side. I turned, and saw two houses close together, having only a few feet in between space. I darted forward, slipping past the two houses, and down the alley. Francis was waiting at the other end. His fur stuck to his body, outlining every detail. I knew I looked the same. This weather was not the best for our kind. Now, it is not true that we hate getting wet, we just hate getting baths. We can keep ourselves clean, unlike humans. Francis, and I continued our little night journey through the neighborhood. Francis led the way, through winding paths, across streets and around houses. \"Can't we wait the storm out?\" I asked as a crack of thunder went out. Francis stopped, in the middle of the street. I stood next to him, pressed against his side to keep warm. He looked around, his green eyes looking at the houses, and street signs. \"I don't know…\" He started then shook his head and continued \"… were we are.\" Were lost… Well, that was just great! Water rushed around my legs, as I was standing in paw deep floods of rain water, and possibly river water too if there was one nearby. The rain beat down on us, like we were its only target. \"Maybe we can…\" My voice was drowned out not by thunder this time, but a roaring sound of something else. Lightning flashed, and ahead I could see a wave of flood water heading right for us. It was at least a meter high if not bigger! \"Run!\" I screamed. Francis turned on his heels and we both darted towards the sidewalk and the bushes on the other side. A sudden burst, as water erupted from a manhole cover, caught our attention briefly and we stopped, even if we had started running again, it would be too late. The wave crashed over us with full force, and knocked me off my paws. The water pushed me back, causing me to twist and turn, and preform death defying acrobats. I opened my eyes only to see darkness, and bits of trash, sticks and other items. My paws found the ground and I pushed up, taking in a quick of breath. But I was quickly shoved back under. I hit the ground, scraping my side. Again I was tossed around, but then, something happened. I felt like I was falling- no, I was falling! I plummeted into darkness, the light fading away. I briefly thought I would fall forever, but I quickly dropped down into more water. This water was thicker than before, and deeper. I kicked and stretched out, feeling for any object. Nothing. It was so dark, even with my eyes open I couldn't make heads or tails of where I was at, or which way was up. My lungs screamed for air, and I became frantic. Then, the water calmed down, and I hit stone. With a panic I rubbed my paws against it till they hit an edge. Gripping it the best I could, I pulled up. I emerged out of the water, and gasped for air. Then, with what strength I had left I pulled myself half out of the water, and onto the stone. It was still dark, very dark. Even with the best eyesight in the world I still couldn't see where I was at. Not that I needed too. After a moment of taking in gasp of air, I sniffed, trying to catch any sent, and god… it was horrid. The stone pathway, rushing water, dark tunnels, horrid stench… Dear God! I was in the sewer! The water must have washed me down here- but what about Francis? I lifted my head, looking to the side to see if I could locate him. My eyes widen, not in surprise but to allow as much light as possible to come to me. The faint, very faint outline of the walls and pathway formed before me. The water rippled past, waves calming down, the splash of the flood and rain water from down the way slowly vanished. Leaving all but dark silence. Then, I saw a small figure- a figure leaning against a rail that was rising out of the water. There he was, his body draped over the bar. He was further down the water way, I was too tired to actually walk that way, not to mention he was on the other side. Looking down at the water, I huffed and pushed off the stone wall, dropping into the mixture of floodwater and waste. I kicked, and rode the current sideways, moving closer and closer. When he came in reach, I had made it to the other wall, and let it carry me to him and the bar. He was soaked to the bone, and was breathing deeply. \"Francis?\" I asked and pawed at his side carefully, not wanting to press to hard in case of any unseen injury. That fall and the wave battered the crap out of me, most likely the same for Francis. \"You okay?\" I asked again and he took a breath and said \"I will be… I just need a minute to rest.\" I huffed, and pulled myself out of the water and onto the stone pathway. I leaned over and grabbed his scruff, pulling him up and onto the stone next to me. His ears twitched, flicking water droplets in all directions. I lay down next to him and began licking my fur, combing my teeth through my fur, and spitting out bits and scraps of god knows what. As I did this, Francis slowly sat up, and began the same process that I did. \"Where are we?\" he asked and I sniffed, and replied \"In the sewer.\" Francis had no comment to my reply, just stood and stretched. I copied him. \"Let's find some light.\" Francis said and began to walk back the way we came. I shook my pelt, scattering the remaining water, and quickly followed. While we were walking I couldn't help imagine that little sewer rats would be making their way, quietly stalking us. Rats, big as we were, coming down in groups of five or six. Sharing their prize equally among members…. \"I see light up ahead!\" Francis called back to me and picked up his pace. I did too. But that light was coming at an angle, up above. I knew even before we would reach it, that it was not a way to escape. An open sewer drain, let in the light of dawn, illuminating the underworld around us. I could now see clearly the walls and oath. Seeing how old, dirty and cracked it had become. Francis looked up, sighed, and looked around as well, looking for another way to go. The place around here wasn't really that bad, once you got past the smell. It offered a dark, calm and peaceful place. The flood water left a layer of water at the top of the tunnel, casting down drops, constantly dripping into the water, leaving perfect background music to this underworld. The water- as dark and murky as it was, showed our reflection with calm ripples, the light casted a beautiful glow around the area, and- …and something was coming towards us. It was white, bright white considering the filth it was floating in. It turned slowly, around and around in the water… \"What's that?\" I asked and Francis only replied with a shrug. He padded up closer to the edge of the pathway and sat. \"It's an animal.\" He called out. I perked my ears and quickly padded up next to him, but I remained standing. He was right. That bright whiteness to it was actually fur. Matted, wet fur. It was coming closer, swept up in the current. Now, it's size made things a little harder to make it out. For whatever the creature was, had been dead a while. And floating down in this river of filth and water had caused the body to bloat. \"It's one of our kind.\" Francis suddenly said, just as the body twisted a bit, revealing a broken off tail that clearly belonged to a 'cat'. \"So a member of our own drowned… I wonder if he was washed down here the same way we came.\" I said and Francis only replied with a small noise. His eyes resting on the drowned body. He was probably waiting for the face, as it will give away our white stranger's breed to us. Not that it mattered. We didn't know them, they didn't know us. He- or she had died a natural way. It was their time to go… The body drifted closer, and so did the horrors that followed. The body had drifted so far to the left it came close to almost touching our pathway. And as it did, it turned fully to reveal the identity of the drowned feline. Only to my surprise and to great horror was that the corpse had no head! \"My god…\" I whispered as the full details of the body were presented to us like a slap in the face. The light from above gave us the ability to see every detail, but god! I wish I hadn't! Where the head once had been, had simply been torn off. Yes, torn, not cut. It was obvious by the rim of the neck… how the blackened pieces of flesh hung down, gently swaying to the water with the whole body. The body continued to turn, showing us more than what we expected now. There were several bite marks, that before had been hidden by the matted clumps of fur. But now, standing in front I could see these bite marks were deep, very deep. Whole chunks had been ripped out of the victim. You could feel the hatred that went into this murder. As quickly as it came, it left. But not the pictures in my mind. The victim went on turning, swaying with the flowing water, back down into the depths of the stinking underworld. It went on and on and soon disappeared into the darkness. Whoever had done the deed had dumped the body in the sewers; they must have to hide the evidence. But I am sure as hell they did not plan for a brother and a sister to find it- Wait, I'm thinking that this could be one of our own. While the possibility rest out there, there is others. While we have no natural enemies, there were still other things out there. Foxes, Badgers, Dogs, and yes, Humans. All of a sudden, Francis stood and called \"Goodbye, white stranger,\" He huffed then added \"We shall meet in heaven.\" How true that would be… \"May you find peace there, where you couldn't find here!\" I added, casting my own final words to the unknown brother. That was it. Our white stranger was gone, and so was our prayer with it. I had little doubt on what would become of the body. There were other things down here. Rats… Dear Lord those rats would get him. They dine off of him. Or maybe, maybe it wouldn't end like that. It really is sad, to think of what becomes of us in the end. Almost like the rats had escaped my thoughts, I heard a noise in the distance. It had broken up the natural silence of the sewer life. Francis had noticed too. His ears perked, and He padded around me, staring off into the darkness. Before our fur could even bristle, another sound, a rustle came from a different direction. I wasn't able to pin point it this time. But I hate to say it. But it sounded rather close. We weren't alone…[Chapter 5] My ears swerved, my whiskers twitched. I held still, not moving an inch. I felt like my body had turned to stone- I wish it had. I could hide my existence in this darkness then, melt away. Then maybe the monsters in the shadows would bypass me, take no notice of rock and stone. But here, under the faint light coming from above, my white pelt glowed like a beacon. The scuffing and scratching that was all around Francis and I had me terrified. There was no way this would be a fair fight. For by the sound of it, there were several of them, and two of us. This was not imagination, something was out there. And not knowing what it was, that terrified me. The suspense of it all was unbearable, like watching a horror movie, the main character hiding in the closet, the camera slowly drawing back, showing how the actor is paralyzed with fear… that tension, oh yes that tension is what shook me down to the core, held me still. Francis, very lightly touch my shoulder with his tail, which seemed to break the imaginary spell that rooted me to the ground. His green eyes were looking all around, anywhere but where we are. He was watching, waiting. He began, ever so slowly to walk away. And I followed. We left that little shaft of light, and didn't look back. Marching into darkness, fear was locked in my heart, for Francis I didn't know. He, just like I knew something was out there. And it was following us. That rustling. It almost sounded like our monster in the dark was making these noises, just to worry us. Silent stalking seemed not to be their intentions. A cold fear came over me, were Francis and I going to meet the same fate as the white stranger? Would we be forgotten in this darkness, left adrift in the endless flow of water and shit? Oh how cruel life can be! Francis picked up speed, but I had already done so. I actually began to pass my friend, and companion. A horrible saying, made by humans was \"I don't need to outrun the bear if it chases us, I just have to outrun you\", so I slowed down. Very lightly. I would never fall back onto that kind of ways. Survival is the key, yes, but holding onto your morels is just as important if you plan to never fall into the insanity of human beings. I glanced back, and saw the shadows on the wall dance around. I took a shaky breath, and closed my eyes for a moment. I let my imagination take over, as stupid as that was. But surprisingly no mythical monster with nine heads, or long wings filled my head to replace the shadows behind us, no I saw the Catacombs in my head. The darkness, the dead, the rats- Rats! \"Francis, I think their rats…\" I spoke ever so softly, in between my gasp of breath. Just as I said that, more rustling, scratching and yes, faint growling filled the void behind us. It was like they were manifesting out of the walls, cracks and dripping down from the ceiling. Francis never replied, but I don't think he needed to. We broke out into a mad run. Now sprinting fast as we could ahead. The mob on our heels seemed to follow our movements. I was sure I would feel the rats snapping at my tail and legs at any given second. A miracle! Ahead began the first rays of light! A way out! Gods above thank you! I felt the drive, to run faster, as if to leave my body behind and become the wind. Yet in all this excitement, Francis must have wanted it more, for he made several strides forward, faster and faster, the hole in the wall illuminating light was getting bigger and bigger- and then it disappeared. No it was blocked, something emerged out of it. I hit my 'emergency brakes' a moment before Francis did. But his gained speed did not help him. He slid, and rammed in to the monster. He fell back, and scrambled to his paws next to me. He had rammed into a dog, a goddamn dog. In all the places! A dog, or rats. How sadistic Mother Nature could be. A second look, and I was surprised to see that I was wrong. The bits of light that wove past its smoky blue fur. I could see a pressed in face, with tangled fur of a Chartreux, a member of our own species. His glassy eyes shown with the light, seeming to stare right through me. I had seen those eyes before. Yes, but where? Now the rest of him was a sight. His usually soft and downy fur had been tangled and knotted together, covered in sludge and god knows what from the sewer. He was large, bigger than Francis and I. But he also seemed to be a bit obese. From an unhealthy diet of rats and so. Back to the giant's eyes. A second glance at them, too did I find more. They were glassy, yes but they were faded. There was no real color to them. Maybe once long ago. And now did I finally understand where I had seen those eyes before. He was blind, just like once upon a time, a good friend of mine was too. But just because he didn't have eyes, doesn't mean he couldn't cause severe damage, or tear out our throats! Another puzzling thing- no unique thing was that Mister tall dark and scary here had earrings. While a fashion sense for women, they would never be seen on an animal- unless it was an identification tag such at a zoo. But no, these were golden loops, pierced into the ear of this Chartreux. Under them, his ears were a little torn. A rustle behind us made me look back. And to my great surprise, I was greeted with an army of darkness. I briefly thought that the Catacombs back home had been connected to these tunnels, and all the dead brothers and sisters I had spent many nights of recovery with had suddenly risen from the grave to follow in our tracks. To drag us back and merge into their vast army. But no, these brothers and sisters were very much alive. All of them were different sizes, had different markings, colors and were different breeds. Just like gold earrings guy behind me, they all were covered in the sewage, and again, their eyes had that glassy clouded touch to them. It only took me a second to take two and two together and make the match. This must be his army, the army of the sewer. And 'Gold Earrings' was their leader. Was this another cult? The Chartreux stepped forward, drawing my attention back. He bent down a bit, almost to eye level with Francis and me. A sadistic smile crossed his face. His glassy eyes shined for one moment, and then too reflected the darkness that we were surrounded in. \"Your hour has come, little ones!\" he said in a voice that matched the thunder that broke the skies not long ago. My fur flared up, and my back began to arch. Although I am sure none of this blind army or their leader could see me. A flicker of moment caught my attention, as a black sister came out from behind 'Gold Earrings'. She wasn't much bigger than me. Her fur was long, covered in sewage, and was blacker than the world around us. Even though through all that black fur and god knows what, there was no ignoring the muscle she had showing off. She was a fighter. Her ears had been shredded; a nasty scar crossed her face- and her eyes. Yes, she too was blind. If she hadn't been living in this underground hellhole, she would have been very pretty, a very attracting female. \"Well come on, little ones.\" The Chartreux started, that smile still on his ugly face. \"Aren't you going to make a break for it?\" He had a mocking concern in his voice. As if he couldn't decide to pity our deaths, or to celebrate another kill. All of a sudden, Francis replied, swishing his tail back and forth. \"Certainly not, old chap! It's quite a treat to meet comrades in a lonely spot like this. Inspires one with confidence.\" His tone of voices was not that of scared, but more like he was joking. What a sense of humor they both have! Or at least Francis… 'Gold Earrings' replied to Francis's little joke with that smile starting to fade. \"You'd have a fair chance, though. After all, our eyes aren't in working order, and we'll give you a start to add to the fun.\" I twitched my ear, myself kind of annoyed by the joking of these two. Francis smirked and answered back \"Ah but you see I have always wanted to meet you lot. When I heard you were so clean you actually lived in the loo I abandoned my bungee-jump training right away and came straight here.\" Suddenly the black princess behind the Chartreux suddenly hissed, angered by all the nonsense. Almost as much as I was. \"That's enough silly jokes! We must eliminate them or they will give us away, like all the others.\" She yelled. Others? So other travelers fell through holes into the underworld? \"If it's a secret you want kept, I can assure you we will keep it, if we ever do find our way out of this labyrinth.\" I answered back, finally deciding to speak up. Also to keep Francis from replying with his smartass comebacks. The smile finally faded from the Chartreux. His eyes, as blind and cloudy as they were, took on a sad look. His head, tilted ever so slightly and his blind gaze swept us over, it almost looked like he was peering into the depths of our souls, trying to decide on something important. I took this moment of silence to look back to the other brother and sisters of the night. I could only wonder… how did they all wind up here? The Chartreux suddenly shook his fur, sending clumps of dirt and sewage flying, he then gave the judgment. \"Your right, brothers and sisters.\" He called. The black female's claws clicked against the floor. She was ready to fight, to kill. \"They must be eliminated. The number of fools visiting the Catacombs of Mercy is increasing daily. They come for cheap thrills and cunningly turn our weakness to their own ends. We've degenerated into attractions in some goddamn sideshow of freaks. And they don't stop at spying on us either.\" I quickly glanced again, at the crowd around Francis and me, still listing to 'Gold Earrings' words. \"Once they get back up again they show off! They pretend their timid explorations were daring adventures, thus encouraging others to follow their example. And this…\" He went on. Talked on about how humans would find them if this continued. And I understood. I understood very well what he was saying to us, preaching to everyone. \"Who will save the lost souls, the souls who have died to rise again? Who will save the children, brothers and sisters?\" He finished. Behind us the mob called out in union \"Save the children! Save the children! Save the children!\" I looked to them, the blind army that rest in this hell hole. They called out, as one to this chant. At first I wasn't so sure what they meant by that, till I saw them. The children. Tiny kittens, young brothers and sisters hiding by their mother's bellies. They resembled penguins, on how a chick takes shelter from a storm. But it was strange. Strange because of the breeds. For example, a shaggy Maine Coon was hiding under a Brown Havana, and a young Russian Blue sister was being care for by an Egyptian Mau. The differences in them were so striking I guessed that none actually were related, rather than, adoption. \"We know the tale of our sad past, brothers and sisters, we know our fate,\" 'Gold Earrings' said his voice slightly trembling, as if to capture all's hate into his voice. The black sister, scowled at Francis as if he had made yet another comment. We stayed silent. \"And since we know our fate so well, we are in duty bound to it. But how can we do our job properly when idiots keep putting irresponsible members of our own species on our tracks, and there's a danger they may set humans after us too? It's high time to make an example of someone.\" Francis opened his mouth to speak, but I lifted my paw and struck his chest, hushing him. I knew he would make some stupid smart remark, which in the end would make this situation worse. \"Dear Brother,\" I spoke, starting by addressing the head honcho of this band of blind warriors. \"All of you, this is a mistake! My friend and I did not wonder in here for adventure and challenge, no not at all! We were not even aware of your little clan down here. No we were setting off on our travels and happened to get caught in the storm. And with it the flood. We came down here by accident, washed away with the rest of the trash and other things and down here. Friends we are not enemies. We mean no harm.\" A silence fell, for a split second at least. Blind gazes turned towards the Chartreux, waiting for him to answer. The black girl took a step forward and said, addressing to her own \"How do we know if you speak the truth? And! And if you do return to the world above how we know you will not act like the others, bring more down here including the humans? We don't!\" \"And we cannot take the chance.\" 'Gold Earrings' finished. He turned his head to Francis and me. His blind gaze seem to hold so much emotion, hidden behind the blind milky cover. \"I am sorry, Friends.\" He started, his gaze seemed to be looking mostly towards me. \"Nothing personal, you understand?\" He added, and continued \"We have to draw the line somewhere, to protect ourselves and our work, you just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.\" \"And we certainly met the wrong brothers and sisters.\" Francis finished, his voice holding a tint of sorrow. The Chartreux and I continued to stare at one another, as if the wall of blind had been knocked down, reduced to rubble. I know he could feel me staring at him, hear my calm breath, my heart racing. I wanted him to remember us, and how he tried to murder the innocent…[Chapter 6] \"Rhodes!\" The Chartreux bellowed, his voice ringing out into the darkness of the sewers. Rhoades? Suddenly this had turn from a scrabble for life and dead to something completely different. I almost thought I had just skipped a period of time, you know, the part where I get my head torn off like the white brother that now sleeps with the fishes and god knows what else. The blind army shifted, creating a half circle of some sorts. The mass of brothers and sisters blocked out way towards the sewer waters and any path beside or behind us. 'Gold Earrings' and the black she-cat stood at the other half, her back tense and claws out. A soft pounding of paws came to me, as something walked closer. It took me a second, but I believe Rhodes was paying us a visit, whatever he may be. I pressed up against Francis's side and felt my fur bristle, as the noise got louder, and the crowd began to part ever so slowly to one side. There was a whisper in the air, a quiet mummer as the monster of the dark drew closer. Soon I could make out the shadow of the figure from the faint light, as it stood out on the wall. The movements where slow, and clumsy like…. Like an ox. The closer Rhodes drew, the louder the whisper got, as excited brothers and sisters weaved together, egger to hear the death of Francis and I at the paws of that creature. Finally, the unknown creature stepped out into the very faint light, and revealed itself. Rhoads to my somewhat relief, was just another brother… okay a little more than a brother. Rhoads first off, was huge! Not only in just plain size but he had certainly packed a few pounds while down in the drains. His Red Persian fur was clumped together and tangled in some parts, in others it was missing completely, exposing wrinkled red skin. His jaw hung open, slashed at the jaw line with an ugly scar that hurt just to look at. Because of this, saliva slide down his jaw and dripped to the floor, and his breathing was easy to be heard. Finally, to top of this monster of a cat, was his eyes. He was blind like the others yes, but he had none at all! Whatever animal or sharp tool of the evilest of all beings had done to him, it had damaged him well. The missing eyes offered a gateway into the skull, as his eyes had not shirked together to close, but had opened wider, creating two black chasms of darkness and misfortune. Looking at all these deformities together showed that Rhoads had been at the hand of torture for too long on the most bastardly species of them all. Rhoads padded up to us, he had an ugly smile to match his ugly face. When he finally stopped in front of us, the mounds of fat shifted as well. Showing how clumsy this brother could really be. Instead of fear, I felt sorry for him, for all the pain he had been through, for all the torture. \"Take a good look at what human beings have made of him!\" The big boss said, knowing that we were in fact staring at our executioner. I turned away from Rhoads, and replied \"You do not need to show us the damages humans have done to this world. I know all too well had their ideas can cause hell for others, how they are overpopulating the earth faster than the earth can keep up.\" The Chartreux took in a long sigh and answered back \"Then you know. Take a good long look at the brothers and sisters around you, we have lost our eyes in this never ending darkness, but we do not need them to see who the most violent animals are not lions or cheetahs. So I hope you understand why we are taking every means we can to keep them from discovering us. I am sorry, but this is what humans have pushed us too.\" The last bit of sympathy left with his words. And I turned away from him, and faced Rhoads once again. These blind folk where really worried about being discovered, even to the point where they have resorted to murder to- …. Resorted to murder to keep something they want a secret, to keep things going. They were no different. None of us are. The Chartreux spoke one last time, a farewell. \"Your time has come! I am sorry it has come to this but we have no choice... Close your eyes, it will be easier that way, and as you said earlier, goodbye strangers! We shall meet in heaven!\" At those words and before I could process what happened, Francis hit my side nearly knocking me over. Rhoads had lashed out, with just his paw to knock a blow to the side of Francis' head. I pushed him back and he looked at me quickly nodded his thanks. It was quite obvious what just happened. Rhoads was blind, so he had no idea where Francis and I stood, or at least where I was. Francis's fur bristled up and he arched his back. Watching carefully for the next blow. Rhoads let out a deep laugh and said \"Don't worry, mate! You won't feel a thing.\" His voice sounded like rubbing two rusty iron rods together. Francis let out a low hiss \"Do that again and I'll murder you!\" he promised. Rhoads's ugly face twisted into a scowl, and a gasp escaped the crowd. Apparently you shouldn't go against your own fate down here. \"Murder me, will you, my friend?\" He snarled, His twisted claws scraped against the stone, and he then added \"It will be pretty strenuous. Bring you out in sweat, you know.\" I began to think that Rhoads had forgotten me, as he shout out again and this time, hit another blow with claws out on Francis. Francis stumbled but held his ground this time. Blood dripped out from Francis's ear from the wound Rhoads had inflicted. Before another move was made I leaped, scratching and catching the Persian off guard. My claws sunk into his fatty skin, and I clung to him hanging over his shoulder and around his back. Rhoads lurched back, about to fall back on me when Francis shot forward, digging his claws into the left empty eye socket of Rhoads. Rhoads lurched back, a scream escaping him. In that moment I leaped off his fatty back and landed turned around to watch. Francis seemed to sink his front claws deeper into the hole in Rhoads's face. Suddenly a stream of blood emerged from his nose, and Francis twisted his paw, and claws before he let go and leaped back to my side. Rhoads shook like mad just before he collapsed on his side to the ground below. A blood soaked howl escaped his twisted jaws, as he cried out in pain. And to my surprise, the vast army of darkness howled in union, as if they too could feel Rhoads' agony. The Persian's howl of pain turned into a gasp of breath, wheezing and chocking off his own blood. No one could save him, Francis had took the easy shot, and clawed his way to the brain. Finally, Rhoads' last moan escaped his miserable body, and he fell still. Lost forever, in the Catacombs of Mercy. Rhoads had in the end, rolled onto his back, and faced the dark ceiling above us. His paws and legs stretched out in all directions, exposing the brother's neck and stomach to his attackers, but such easy targets did not matter anymore. For he was dead, and there was nothing we could change about that. \"Well, I said I would murder him if he did that again,\" Francis suddenly called out, in an irritated tone. He turned to the blind army and asked casually \"Anyone else fancy a bout?\" I turned, and smacked my paw upside Francis's head, and said \"Dumbass, Don't start something!\" Suddenly the black-she cat raced by us, and stopped in front of Rhoads's body. She began to sniff him, poking and prodding at the lump of flesh and fur. Suddenly she turned back to face everyone and yelled in fury \"They killed him!\" She twisted madly towards Francis and me, crying out \"Those little shits actually finished Rhoads off!\" She twisted around in circles, crying and yowling out. Her anger and sadness was not just with her, as the other brothers and sisters joined her in howls of sadness, cries for what couldn't be undone. The Chartreux ears twitched with all the noise, and called out \"Shut your mouths, will you?\" The cries and howls died down to a whisper, then to silence. The only noise that was heard was the water rushing by, and the Chartreux's paw steps as he walked towards Rhoads. He too began to examine Rhoads' corpse. \"You got us into a nice mess now, little ones.\" He said sadly. \"Well if I hadn't, he'd make me into a nice mess!\" Francis yelled back, defending his act. He then added \"And you should really be grateful to me. There's your breakfast at last. Ought to be enough for everyone, and you can keep me for harvest festival or whatever.\" The Chartreux turned and growled back \"What the hell are you talking about? One of those clever-dicks who think their powers of deduction something marvelous, are you? You wouldn't do much more thinking when your head's jammed up your arse. Maybe you're smart enough to snuff out a poor old sod who could hardly stand on his feet, but do you think you can put on the same show with every single one of us?\" \"I kind of thought we might stop for the regulation breaks between rounds.\" \"The death penalty, that's what I say!\" screamed the black lady. She turned her blind gaze angrily toward Francis and me and added \"Let's kill the bastards now before they cause any more damage!\" \"Just try it!\" I yelled hissing. She puffed up her fur and lashed out into the air, a warning slash. I laid my ears back and hissed again, my back arched and claws ready. \"Novalee calm down.\" Francis said quietly, but not quietly enough. \"Novalee?\" \"Gold Earrings\" asked, the hate suddenly fading into surprise. A whisper from the nameless crowd began to rise, which turned into a murmur. The black lady also, seemed calmer than she was just seconds before. \"And your name?\" The Chartreux asked my companion. \"Francis.\" He replied simply. The Chartreux was still for a moment, and then slowly began to wash his back down to his tail. It wasn't at random. Doing that at a time like this was normal for our kind. He was simply doing activities as he thought, not really paying attention but it was helping the brain flow. Humans do this too. Such as, smoking to pass the time when a difficult decision was being made. \"Francis and Novalee…\" The leader said to himself, more so than to the audience around him. \"As in, the Francis and Novalee?\" \"Just Francis.\" Francis stated. And I shrugged and said \"Nothing special to my name, simply is Novalee, always has been.\" \"But aren't you, the two who solved the most complicated crime ever to take place in our ranks? Who's deeds are legendary, the true geniuses of our kind?\" The Chartreux asked. I couldn't help but feel a second of flattery before Francis spoke back. \"There was a period in our past where we tracked down the lord of darkness, who had forgotten light could ever exist.\" \"But that was the past.\" I added, now having those dead florescent yellow eyes pictured in my mind. \"Why didn't you tell us at once?\" 'Gold Earrings' asked. \"I hate personality cults- practically when the idea of the cult is to dine on the personality.\" Francis replied. \"I'm afraid you've got quite the wrong impression on our community. I suppose that's partly our own fault. If you're to get the true picture we shall have to tell you a long story. Allow me to introduce myself.\" The Chartreux said, then added \"I am Saffron.\" ","Summary":" Oh how life has a confusing way of working out. You never know when your time has come to leave thi"},{"Movie":"Thief and the Cobbler","Title":"The Thief and The Cobbler's Children","Author":"Anonymous Traveler","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11297392","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Prophecy of Three This the Prophecy of Three, Spoken by he, Who searches the sands of time, And interprets lessons, Events, and transgressions, Through the schemes of rhyme. Know that this will transpire, After the Golden City's sire, Once dreamy, awakes finally. And the simple salvation, Will save the great nation, But only by the Three. In that day, malice, From a soul dark and callous, Will rise so the King falls, And by acts that are tragic, Will try to destroy the magic, Of the Golden Balls. But when the Golden Three, Are no more to be, Only then will pass the storm; The Protection, the Histories, The People, and the Mysteries, Will change and transform. When the silent won't comply, Old traditions will die, And new actions might be taken as sins. But there will be shaped a new mold, From hearts of pure gold … … And that's where our story begins. A/N Just as a heads-up, I'm going by the Recobbled Cut and the Workprint versions of the film. So don't be surprised if Tack and the Thief are absent of any dialogue and pop culture references in the story. (BTW if you haven't seen the Recobbled version of the movie, WATCH IT! You won't regret it.) More to come![Chapter 2] If You're Nameless, You're Blameless The rose colored sun greeted the Golden City from the vast desert. Through the dim cold shadows of the city's alleys and doorways, sleepy-eyed merchants and peddlers readied their wares for the day's purchase. Many business men in the ancient city had risen before the sun itself had that morning. One such man was a nameless Thief. The Thief knew that those in his line of work had partners or assistants, but he preferred to work alone, save for the flies that buzzed around his capped head due to poor hygiene. He didn't take day or night shifts; he seized opportunities whenever he could. He also felt no preference for the wealthy or the poverty stricken. To him, any oyster could hold a pearl. It was a business he had been in for many years, and the only life he knew. And it had only gotten harder. He moved quickly and swiftly through the growing throng of people, like a snake through blowing dunes of sand. As the sun peaked over the crescent moon of a mosque, the tiled streets teemed with peddlers, beggars, soldiers, and of all else, thieves. Out of habit, the Thief shifted his eyes at every face he crossed, registering varying levels of attentiveness and the crowd's walking speed. A couple of things to calculate before bumping into anyone while fleecing valuables in the same motion. Moving out of a particularly tight crowd, the Thief came away with only a beaded bracelet. Not much, but he stowed it away in his dirty oversized coat and slunk along behind a pillar. He already had many stolen items in his grasp, but didn't dare lose any. As if on cue, a young man walked careless by a street patrolling one eyed Brigand, one of the originally appointed royal guards of the city's palace. A gold necklace slipped from inside his sleeve, and as the young man stooped to grab it, his heavy turban toppled off, revealing gems, jewelry, and some silver eating utensils. The poor thief attempted to run, but the Brigand jumped him, and whistled for another Brigand to take the thieved items while he carried the thief to prison. The Thief watched as another nameless one of his trade was dragged away to ambiguity, and was glad he wasn't one of them yet. The Thief shook his head almost regrettably. It had gotten so much harder to make a living as a thief anymore. And he knew it was all because of the quiet, humble, goody-two-shoes cobbler he had had run into over seventeen years before. Glancing in the direction of the palace, he frowned at it's shadowy walls as if he could see the shoemaker inside, living in luxury. The Thief himself had been inside the palace, with it's endless rooms and mind-boggling architecture, and had managed to steal it's greatest possession: the Golden Balls. He did lose them, but came so close to finally regaining them again for himself. Until he ran into that cobbler, who stole them back. After all he went through, the Thief just gave up on obtaining that final treasure to return to his life of petty robbery. But ever since the Golden Balls were recovered, King Nod had been more alert than ever before. He took pains to make sure the city was regularly patrolled and misdemeanors were controlled. Not much had gotten past the Brigand Patrol over the years. The Thief was lucky, but then again, he was usually unsuccessful in making any big scale robberies. The Thief knew as he stepped away from the pillar and continued his way down the street that going small and remaining nameless had kept him out of trouble. He snatched the money purse of a passing woman, but her eye caught his hand. She gave a short yelp, and her tall muscular husband beside her reached over and grabbed the Thief by his long rat nose. He threw the offender to the ground, and held out a hand for the purse. The Thief complied, and after returning the money purse to his wife, they headed to one of the stands to make some purchases. The Thief wasted no time in hurrying away. After ducking behind a cart of leeks, he pulled the coins that used to be in the woman's purse to count them. Twenty-eight gold coins. He knew that couple would be unhappy once they discovered the broken pieces of pottery in the wife's purse. He chuckled and also knew that being one step ahead of his adversaries was keeping him out of prison.[Chapter 3] Meet The Royal Sons (And Daughter) The sun rolled higher in the sky until it's rays reached into the highest rooms of the Golden City's palace. Inside a white-walled bedroom, Princess Yum-Yum yawned and stretched. Or tried to. Her arm was stuck under the bedspread. She tried yanking it until she realized that the left half of herself was sown into the bedsheets. Startled, she looked at her husband, Prince Tack. He lay sound asleep, a needle and thread in his hands, finishing off the last stitches to his right side. The tacks he held between his lips quirked into a tiny smile as he dreamed of completing another shoe. Princess Yum-Yum sighed, and smiled. Once a cobbler, always a cobbler. \"Tack,\" she called in a whisper. She shook his shoulder to rouse him. \"Wake, Tack, wake. You've done it again.\" Tack blinked several times. Then he saw what he had unknowingly done, and an alarmed look crossed his face. He hastily pulled at the thread to free them from the bed. \"Oh, Tack,\" his wife laughed. \"It's the first time in years since you've done that.\" Tack's cheeks turned red as though he were suddenly sunburned. \"It was only an accident,\" she affirmed as Tack unfettered her. She got out of bed, and headed toward her wardrobe. \"Besides,\" she said, pulling the doors away and revealing all the purposely broken shoes she kept inside. \"I been keeping you busy.\" Tack smiled appreciatively as he got out of bed and gathered the spools of thread and needles that had wandered into his well practiced hands. Ever since he married Princess Yum Yum and lived the royal life, there wasn't a need for him to remain a cobbler. And no one broke their shoes. It was a rule of proper royalty. But Tack loved his trade, and sorely missed it over the years. It was a good thing Yum-Yum enjoyed breaking conventions for his sake. \"And I don't care what the Schoolmaster says,\" Yum-Yum told him, kissing his cheek. \"I won't hold you back from repairing shoes if it makes you happy.\" She headed out through the door frame. \"Let's go see if Father's awake and call the children for breakfast.\" Tack removed the tacks from his mouth, tucked them into a pocket, pulled his white robe over to conceal it, and followed her down the hall. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX They found King Nod wide awake and seated at the head of the table in the dining hall. In his company were Yum-Yum's brother-in-law, King Bubba, her niece, Princess Seraph, and the royal family Schoolmaster. Her father was listening to the Schoolmaster give him advice he didn't care for, and when he saw his daughter and son-in-law enter, he seemed almost relieved for a distraction. \"Ah, there you are, my daughter,\" he greeted. She came up to him and kissed his nose. The Schoolmaster sniffed annoyed at the interruption, but said nothing. He smoothed back his comb over under his turban, shook loose an oversized sleeve on his green robe, and adjusted the belt that wound tightly round tightly along his enormous girth. \"Are the children awake yet?\" Yum Yum asked her father, as a servant pulled out a chair for her. \"Uh, no, no, none of them are here yet,\" King Nod answered as she seated herself beside him. The Schoolmaster sighed irately. \"They should have been here a half hour ago. Don't they remember they have studies, duties, lessons, and tasks to rehearse? Their birthday is less than a week away, and they aren't even – \" \" I'll summon them here, Schoolmaster,\" King Nod interjected, before the the teacher got started. \"Call for my grandchildren!\" he ordered his long legged guards who stood over the doorways leading into the main hall. \"Sword …\" \"Jewel ...\" \"Abacus ...\" \"Breakfast!\" sang the guards in four part falsetto harmony. Their voices vibrated and echoed throughout the palace, and upstairs to the second level. Two adolescents awoke abruptly at the sound of their names. \"Oh dear!\" exclaimed Prince Abacus. \"I'm tardy!\" He scrambled out of bed, throwing on a blue robe and hastily rushing to his desk to slam the covers of astronomy and calculus books he had studied last night. \"Oh, I'm never tardy! What will the Schoolmaster have to say about this? Oh, hurry, hurry!\" he panted to himself. He combed his brown hair furiously, and flew out of his room to the staircase. \"All right, I'm up,\" mumbled Prince Sword, groggily rising out of bed with a yawn. He rubbed his blue eyes, and shuffled around his clothes-strewn room. Weapons of war lay about on the floor and on his desk, his books and scrolls nailed to the wall with shot arrows. One especially long scroll on the history of calligraphy hung on the wall opposite his bed like a tapestry. Before grabbing a red sweat-scented robe to pull over his shoulders, he grabbed a javelin, and hurtled it at the scroll. It hit the center he had painted on it with perfect accuracy and precision.\"Yes!\" he cheered. He grabbed his shoes, racing across the threshold to the hall. The brothers met at the staircase. Prince Abacus took straight and deliberate steps on the stairs to keep an air of dignity, while Prince Sword leaped onto the banister with a \"Whahoo!\" and slid down. Both of them had the shared their father's eyes and their mother's hair. But that was where the similarities stopped. With Sword's well muscled, toned build, turned-up nose, and careless attitude compared to Abacus' stalk-thin body, neatly folded attire, and scholarly vocabulary, the two could hardly be triplets. And yet they were, much to their own chagrin. \"Sword, would you stop behaving like a child before you get yourself in trouble?\" scolded Abacus. \"What do you care?\" Sword called back, already hundreds of feet below him. \"Besides, it's faster and funner than taking the stairs!\" \"Well, 'funner' does not mean 'permissible!'\" called his brother. But he inwardly groaned at the flight of stairs he had to cross all the same. Sword couldn't help but enjoy the ride down. The staircase, all five hundred feet of it, was black and white, and ran in a stripped pattern, so that if one hurried down it at a good speed, the pattern seemed to move, spiral and zig and zag. It was a ride that never got old. As the banister slid down to meet the sleek checkerboard tiled floor, Sword went sliding across, through the hall entries, between the long legs of the falsetto guards, calling out a brief \"Morning!\" to each as he passed. He ceased as he passed the door frame into the dining hall, bumping the Schoolmaster and causing him to nearly topple over. He was relieved that he didn't. \"Well, it's good to see that you are finally here,\" said the Schoolmaster acidly, brushing imaginary dust from his pant leg that Sword had grazed. \"But where are your siblings?\" \"Slowpoke's crawling his way down, like always,\" answered Sword, slipping his shoes on while a servant pulled a chair out for him. \"Prince Abacus follows all the rules well, but I'll have to inform that some must be overlooked for the next few days,\" replied the Schoolmaster, more to himself than anyone else. \"Brigand Alerjeez!\" At the sound of his name, the hook-handed outlaw turned guard appeared. Like most of the Brigands, he was shirtless, shoeless, and missing a couple of body parts. He was one of the few Brigands that remained working within the palace since King Bubba arrived with his own troop of guards to take the job. \"Please royally escort Prince Abacus into the dining hall for breakfast,\" the Schoolmaster ordered. \"Be quick, but be gentle with him!\" \"Abacus,\" asked his mother, Yum Yum. \"Have you seen Jewel anywhere upstairs?\" \"Um, nope,\" he replied. He stroked one of the many cats not permitted in the palace under the table. They were his favorite and only pets. \"Please don't speak in fragments, Prince Sword,\" corrected the Schoolmaster wearily. \"I've told you before, you must sound intelligent when you speak.\" \"Well, that's certainly more than what you can say for Jewel,\" remarked Abacus, who entered riding on one of Alerjeez's shoulders. \"She never speaks at all.\" \"That girl has to be the most difficult pupil I've ever taught in my whole career,\" huffed the Schoolmaster. His patience was worn thin as a needle. \"I swear, I will go up those stairs myself and see what is keeping Princ – \" But Tack stood up from his chair, and giving his wife and King Nod a knowing look, left the room. \"Where is his majesty leaving at this time?\" the Schoolmaster asked confused. \"You needn't worry about expending you're energy, good Schoolmaster,\" replied King Nod. \"He's gone to fetch his daughter on his own.\" XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Tack knew beforehand that Jewel wouldn't be in her room. Nor in any other that the Schoolmaster might have searched. The palace was a vast and mysterious one, full of halls and rooms. There were some that even King Nod didn't know existed. And Tack was going to one of them now. He walked beside a staircase in a little used room, painted orange and patterned with purple and yellow spots. The spots were of varying sizes, and a particularly large purple one sat under the staircase, the inside of the spot dotted with yellow spots. Unless someone knew to press the tiny spot on the right side of the purple spot, one would never know that it would release a mechanism that triggered the purple spot to open inwardly as a door, leading down a narrow passageway. And if one took the passageway, it would lead down into a cool and mostly dark room, where benches, metal working tools, drawn plans, and a busybody lay in solitude. Tack knew it all too well, and guarded the room like the dark secret it was. After entering the dingy dark room, he found his daughter. Princess Jewel lay with her arms folded as a pillow under her cheek, resting her head on a desk covered with engraving tools, precious stones, and several bricks of gold. A lone candle still burning illuminated her ghostly pale skin, and the corduroy lines left on her face from the stitching of her leather gloves. Her hair was a bland gray color, and bounded into a tight bun on her head. She wore old patched clothing, borrowed from some of the more menial servants for her craft. It was all unbecoming for a princess. But she was, after all, a goldsmith by trade. Tack had to smile. Jewel had worked long into the night and fell asleep at another project. Again. But she was happy with it, and he wouldn't take that away from her. He tapped her shoulder lightly, and she stirred. Jewel blinked her violet eyes several times before realizing her father standing in her workroom meant something significant. With sudden speed, she leaped out of her chair, knocking it over in the process, and dived for a chest behind her. She threw the lid open, and grabbed the contents: her princess attire. She gave a hasty look of gratitude to her father, and left for the dining hall. Tack watched her go, and followed after her in the passageway. He knew that though the two of them had never uttered a word to each other before, they both fully sympathized with their troubles as secret tradesmen. ","Summary":" The Prophecy of Three This the Prophecy of Three, Spoken by he, Who searches the sands of time, And"},{"Movie":"Forbidden Kingdom","Title":"The Jade Pin","Author":"Sub Ink","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12566340","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Hello! I've watched Forbidden Kingdom many... many times. It is one of my favourite movies, although China doesn't like it much but... China has been beefing with America so I say meh to China and American crits of this movie. I like it. Anyways, this fiction was inspired by the moment where Jason wakes up and finds Lu Yan and Golden Sparrow gone. The qquestion is where did they go. My corrupted mind initially thought, they were doing something but of course my rationale mind was like, Lu Yan and Sparrow don;t seem to be the type. So this is my explanation of where they went. It also adresses the issue of the White Witch seemingly knowing Sparrow (at least to me it seems like they know each other). Enjoy! The Jade Pin The screaming has stopped. The stomping of hooves, the high rising smoke, the shouting of soldiers has stopped. The darkness of night has stopped, only to be replaced by the bright sky of the morning. \"Mother!\" I shout for the umpteenth time and like the previous times, I receive no answer. I know I cannot stay at the bottom of this well for much longer. I must climb out or risk my death. My small hands grasp the rope and I begin climbing out of the bucket that my mother had used to lower me down into the well. Not even halfway up, I already feel my arms begin to burn with exhaustion. I look down at the water beneath. I cannot stay there! I ignore my tired hands and continue up the rope. My hands begin to blister from the rope burns but I make it to the top. My breath catches in my throat as I look out at my home... as I look out at the burnt houses and the dead bodies laid out across the streets I played on just yesterday. I leap from the well's mouth, lest my grief weakens my grip. I walk about the destruction, tears streaming down my face while I wail for my mother and father to take me away from this horribleness. I stop when I spot a familiar dress on a woman laying face down in the mud. Running to the woman, I collapse at her side. \"Mother?\" I call out again. My trembling hands wonder to the arrow embedded into her back. The arrow is exquisite, its shaft is carved with an intricate pattern and it is crowned with a small gem and the feather of a rare bird. I know who this arrow belongs to from the texts I had read with my father. \"Jade Warlord.\" The man who my father opposed was the very man who killed my mother. I wipe the tears from my cheek and it is then that I stop crying. For I know that if I want to avenge my mother, my father and all the people they ruled I had to cease being a crying girl who hid in a well while her people were being slaughted. I had to cease being the pampered girl of a governor. I had to cease being myself... to achieve vengeance, she must become something else. / She stares at the starry sky as her male companions snore peacefully. Sighing to herself, she turns over. Sleeping next to a tree is the Seeker of prophecy, Jason Tripitikas and next to the dead fire was the Drunken Immortal Lu Yan. Giving up on trying to sleep, she walks over to the sleeping Immortal and shakes him gently. \"Wake up. Wake up.\" In his slumber, Lu Yan turns over, showing his rear to her before passing gas loudly. She scowls before shaking him again, this time he stirs into the waking world. \"Sparrow? Why do you wake me?\" He begins feeling out on the ground, most likely for his elixir, wine. She reaches the gourd first and hands it to him. \"\"She has a request to ask of the Daoist Immortal.\" \"Ho ho, don't you think I'm too old for you, child?\" the immortal says before tipping the drink into his mouth. She smiles and leans in conspiratorially closer to her. \"I say you should go for the Seeker,\" he nods at the sleeping foreigner, \"I see the way he looks at you...\" \"She wishes that you check the authentic of this,\" she shows Lu Yan a jade pin. Lu Yan takes it from her and inspects it. \"What is it?\" \"A Jade Pin said to be able to kill Immortals,\" she says carefully as not to scare the very Immortal she speaks to. He does not show fear. Does he trust her already? \"I hope you are not suggesting I test it by killing myself.\" \"She does not!\" She takes the pin back. \"The Immortal has lived long and knows many things, therefore, he must be able to test it.\" Lu Yan gazes at the full moon. \"I may have a way. Town of Lanterns She followed Lu Yan through the forest. Light filtered through the tall trees from the sun rising in the horizon. She watched as he took a drink as he stumbled on. \"The Daoist has not told her where they are going,\" she feels herself becoming annoyed the longer she followed the stumbling man. \"We are going to the river.\" \"Why?\" Lu Yan stopped and she almost crashed into him. He turned to her. \"I thought you wanted me to test if your jade pin was the real deal,\" he said. \"Is that what the drunk is going to do?\" \"Hey, stick to Immortal Drunk, it sounds better than just... drunk.\" Lu Yan turned on his heels and resumed forward. \"Can the Immortal Drunk tell her where he leads her?\" \"To the river,\" Yu Lan looked up at the moon, slowly fleeing the morning sky. \"We need to get there before the moon sets.\" \"She understands,\" she nodded. \"May I ask,\" the Daoist asked after some time, \"where did you get the Jade Pin?\" \"That, Daost Drunk, is a long story...\" / She looked down on the town from her high peak atop a building. The streets and the shops were all alight with lanterns with different insignias on their surfaces. She jumped from roof to roof, heading for the most populated areas of the town. She stopped when she reached a crowded area with something that caught her attention. Her ears picked up the feint sounds of a pipa. She scanned the area, looking for the musician. There was a flash of white from the corner of her eye, causing her to whip her head to the side. Nothing... She narrowed her eyes at the empty roof adjacent from her before returning her attention back to the area below. That is when she spotted the pipa player, an elderly lady who sat on the floor. Most did not pay attention to the grey haired woman but some were kind enough to throw in a few coins into her straw hat. She leapt from her high perch and landed on the ground below before making a bee-line for the old street musician. She stood before the woman who stopped playing to look up at her. \"Fei Liu?\" she says to the musician. The old woman smiles and reaches for her straw hat. The old woman flicks the straw hat at her, coins scatter onto my face, blinding me. Her legs her swept out from under her feet, making her land painfully on the ground. Wasting no time, she gets up and chases after the feeling old woman who places the pipa onto her back by the strap around her shoulder. The street musician may be deceptive but old age makes her slow, making her chances of catching up better. She quickly closes the gap between her the musician. The old woman stops beside a donkey. The old woman pats the donkey's rear, causing it to kick back. She stumbles back, dodging the hooves that would have sent her head rolling off her shoulders, and falls on her back. She sits up in time to see the donkey ride away with the woman laid across the mule's back. The musician gave her a peace sign and a wink as she rode away. She will not let this woman get away. If she truly is Fei Lu, then she must not escape her! She chases after the musician on the galloping mule. Unlike the old woman, the mule was much faster than her, opening up the gap between them. She stopped and took a side route, if she could not catch up to the mule in a straight line, then she would take a shorter path. The street the mule was galloping on was singular with no adjacent roads big enough for it to use, however, the narrow alleyways was big enough for her to traverse through and catch up to them. She took a left, then a right before skipping over a trash can before taking another left. The exit was close and from the galloping she heard, so was the mule and its rider. She came out as the mule passed by and flipped over its back, snatching the woman, who was now seated on the mule in a riding position, off. Twisting in the air, she softened the old woman's fall by lacing her body between the street musician and the ground. The old woman began pathetically beating on her. She rolled the woman onto her back and withdrew her short sword which she pressed to the old woman's neck, which made her stop her struggles. \"Why did Fei Lui try to run away from her?\" Now that the old musician was subdued and her mule watching in confusion, she could ask her questions. \"I'm-I'm not Fei Lu.\" the old woman said. \"You are mistaken child.\" \"The old woman cannot fool her!\" she said. \"She knows you are Fei Lui. You are the right age, you play the pipa and travel on a mule. You are Fei Lui.\" \"Fine. I will lie no longer!\" the old woman said. \"I am proud of my birth name and I shall die embracing my identity. So do it, slit my throat!\" The woman exposed all of her neck to the blade. She withdrew her blade from the Lei's neck. \"She is not here to slit your throat but to ask you for your assistance.\" \"Then you better ask quickly,\" a woman with hair as white as snow said, appearing from nowhere, \"for I came to plunder and slit throats.\" \"Who are you?\" she asks the white haired woman. \"I am Ni Chang, who are you, girl?\" \"Golden Sparrow,\" she says. \"Golden Sparrow, be weary of this woman.\" The old woman says. \"This hag has been hunting me down across the land.\" \"Hmm... I find it funny that such an aged crow like you would consider me a hag,\" The woman says. \"That's because you've been hagging me!\" \"Give me what I want and I may leave you in peace.\" \"What is it that you want?\" she asks, breaking into the two women's conversation. \"She wants a weapon that I have, that is capable of killing an immortal.\" She whips her head to the woman after she says this. Her action causes Ni Chang to laugh. \"I see you are after the same thing, Sparrow.\" \"Why am I not surprised!\" Lei Fui throws her hands up in frustration. \"She seeks the weapon to kill the Jade Warlord for murdering her mother and father,\" she says. \"Ah, so you're an orphan seeking vengeance.\" Ni Chang says. \"Why do you want it?\" Fei Lui says. \"As a back-up plan,\" Ni Chang says. \"I wish to build an alliance with the Jade Warlord in order to obtain the elixir of immortality.\" \"She does not understand. If Ni chang wishes to build an alliance with that devil, then why would she seek the weapon that could kill him?\" she says. Ni Chang giggled, covering her mouth before looking at her with stern eyes. \"Let me tell you something, Sparrow, men are untrustworthy. The knife you use to prepare their dinner will be the same knife you will need to stab them in the heart with when they betray you. Now will you give me what I want, old woman, or you will not live to regret it.\" \"What you want is a family heirloom, the last thing I have left of them.\" The old woman gritted whatever little teeth she had left and clenched her fists. \"I would never give it to you!\" \"If you will not give it, I will take it!\" NiChang withdrew a whip. It unfurled to the ground. She steps forward in front of Fei Liu. \"She will not let you hurt her.\" Ni Chang winds her whip back and flicks it forward. She does not fear for the distance between the whip and her is too great. To her surprise, the whip's tendril extends. She raises her hands in defence and the whip winds around her wrists, tying them up. \"It seems you did not recognise that my whip is made of Duwong hair, which has the ability to extend.\" Ni Chang says before she pulls the whip. She is sent flying forward towards Ni Chang who also leaps forward before kicking her into the mule. The whip withdraw from her wrist as she and the mule struggle to getup without hurting each other. Ni Chang turns her whip to the fleeing old woman. \"Now it is your turn, old crow!\" The whip binds Fei's legs, she topples over and the whip withdraws. She and the mule return to their feet before she sends the mule at the white haired woman. While the woman leaps over the mule, she runs to Fei and helps her onto her feet. \"Into the alley!\" She says to the musician. She and Fei Lui run into the alley. \"The witch will surely catch up!\" she says to the slow running old woman. \"Do not fret, my mule will but us time!\" True to Fei Lui, the mule turns around and charges for Ni Chang and knocks her away. Allwoing us to escape but we dare not stop for we know the witch still pursues us. Resonance Fei Lui looks out of the window. \"Do you think the witch will find us again?\" she asks. \"That woman has an uncanny ability to track people,\" Fei Lui says. \"Its best we stay here for a while before we run again.\" Fei taes her pipa and begins strumming a few notes. The notes flow and blur into each other, taking her into the distant past, into happier times when the Jade Warlord was just a faraway nightmare that could not harm her or her family. She shakes her head violently to free herself from the memories. Until the Jade Warlord is dead, she cannot be the girl who enjoys those memories. \"Fei Lui now knows her mission to kill the Jade Warlord,\" she begins, \"Will she give her the weapon to kill the Jade Warlord?\" \"No,\" Fei Lui says. \"But why?\" The old woman stops playing her pipa. \"I am not giving you my family heirloom so that you can squander it on a foolish mission!\" She clenches her fist in anger. How dare she call her quest to avenge her parents foolish? \"I see I've angered you.\" \"How dare you call her mission foolish?\" \"Hmm, I'll tell you.\" The old woman places her pipa on the floor. \"75 years ago my parents and brother rebelled against the warlord and attacked him. I was too young and my kung fu still under developed, so I was left behind. My father carried the jade sword, my mother the jade spear and my brother, the jade dagger. Each of these weapons were capable of killing immortal. With them they quickly amassed a giant army and attacked the Jade Warlord. Their rebellion was the biggest to date and it was the biggest to be crushed. Their weapons were destroyed and their lives ended as a warning to all would-be rebels. No one can stop an immortal like the Jade Warlord, not the Monkey King, not my family and it seems not yours too.\" \"Hmpf, so you do nothing?\" She turns away from the woman. \"If all you have learned from your family's sacrifice is to be a coward, then you are dishonouring them and keeping their heirloom will not change that.\" \"How dare you?\" The old woman shouted angrily at her. \"You do not know me, girl!\" \"She knows you better than you think.\" The door smashes open into splinters and in walks the witch. \"So, this is where you roost.\" She looks around for a way to escape. \"The window!\" she tel;ls the old woman. The old woman takes her pipa and kicks the window open before sliding down along the wall and falling down. She worries about the old woman and looks out. To her relief, Fei Lui stirs and runs away. She is about to join her when a tendril of hair wraps around her neck and pulls her into the room. \"You have interfeared for the the last time.\" The witch says before she tries and steps on me. She rolls out of the way and onto her feet. She blocks the Ni Chang's fast clawed strikes and counters with her own. No one gets a hit through but she feels herself being forced back. She retaliates with a punch the same time as the witch does the same and she and the witch are sent back in opposite directions. She gets up but so does the witch. Ni Chang winds her whip back flicks towards me. This time she is prepared and sidesteps the extending tendril before stepping on it, stopping its movement. \"That will not work on her again!\" Ni Chang smirks before whpping her head around. To her surprise, her whit hair extends much like the whip and wraps around her wrist. \"Ahh, did I forget to mention that my hair is also Duwong hair?\" She pulls her hair and whip, off-balancing her and sending her stumbling forward. Ni Chang floored her with a combination of a kick and a punch. \"Now,\" she rears the whip back, \"you die!\" Before she can send the whip, the tendril is stopped. Ni Chang looks back at Lei Fui, who holds her whip. \"I will not let you hurt her, witch!\" \"Ah... so the cowardly woman returns.\" Ni Chang forgets about her and focuses on attacking Fei Lui. Fui Lei holds her back for a while but she is eventually knocked on the ground. \"Now, give me the Jade weapon!\" Ni Chang threatens. \"Leave her!\" she shouts as she kicks the witch off Fei Lui, sending er hurtling out of the window. She looks down at the woman. \"You came back to help her.\" She offered her hand. \"Yes, I realised you were right,\" Fei said as I pull her to her feet. \"I was not honouring my family by being a coward. I do not want to run anymore.\" Fei looks out at the window. She nods at her. They both run and jump out the window where they land on the street, facing the Ni Chang. \"Together, we can defeat her.\" Fei Lui says before taking a fighting stance. We both attack her from different sides. Ni Chang sends her hair at Fei Lui while her whip comes for her but she dodges by spinning over the whip. Fei Lui is hit with the hair and stumbles back. I bring my foot down for a kick but Ni Chang blocks her foot. She uses her short sword to cut herself free of the whip. She flips over, leading with the kicking foot but the witch leaps back, however, Ni Chang did not account for the whip tendril still attached to her foot, which hit her over the head and sent her stumbling back. She frees her foot from the rest of the whip as Fei Lui attacks the witch. She joins her and before long, Ni Chang is driven back by two fists to her chest from Fei Lui. Ni Chang is undeterred and retaliates. She and Fei struggled to match Ni Chang's quick claw strikes and are each hit and sent hurtling back. She and Fei Lui slowly returned to her feet. \"It is done,\" Ni Chang said. \"Two orphans, one a baby and the other a fossil, could never defeat me.\" The witch made to run at us but a mule appeared between and kicked her through the wall of a building. Fei Lui laughed. \"Good job, my mule!\" the old woman rubbed her mule's head. \"Come, let us go before she gets up.\" She nodded and joined the old woman on her mule. They rode out of the town of lanterns onto the forested area beyond. The mule stopped at a fork in the road. \"This is where she will have to go her own way,\" she says as she gets off the mule. \"Were you serious about killing the Jade Warlord.?\" She nods. \"Hmm... I too will do all I can but I suspect that this would be more useful in your possession.\" The woman threw her pipa at her and she caught it before Fei Lui rode away like the wind. \"Wait, she...!\" She sighed as she saw the woman rdie into the horizon. There was no way she could catch up to her. She looked at the pipa in her hands and at the top a green pin caught her eye. She took it and turned it over in her fingers. \"Could... Could this be...?\" / She and the Drunken Immortal made it to the river. Lu Yan produced a bowl and filled it with the water. \"Is the Immortal going to use chi magic to test it?\" \"It is more of a natural remedy than magic,\" Lu said as he held his hand out. She gave him the Jade pin. \"Tell me, does the moon shine on its own light?\" Lu said as he dropped the pin into the bowl of water. \"No, the sun borrows the moon its light.\" \"Yes, it resonates with the sun's light much like the river resonates with the sea's water. \" Lu produced a small gourd of steel. \"And much like how vinegar resonates with the taste of wine.\" She pores the vinegar into the bowl. Lu Yan raises the pin to the moon, which has almost set. \"Using these ingredient, I can see if the aura of this item resonates with power.\" Lu says. They wait as the moon speeds under the horizon but nothing happened. For a moment, she feared that the Jade Pin held no power. But then it began to glow a green light. Lu smiled at her. \"It will kill an immortal.\" He handed her the glowing pin. The pin's light faded in her hands. \"She thanks you, Lu Yan.\" She bundles her hair and secures it with a pin. \"Let us return to the Seeker and my wine.\" Lu Yan walked away back to the direction of Jason. She smiled at his back, wondering if the boy would be able to free The Monkey King as the prophecy predicted. \"Whether the boy can, she will get her revenge on the Jade Warlord.\" The End ","Summary":" Author's Note: Hello! I've watched Forbidden Kingdom many... many times. It is one of my favourite "},{"Movie":"Forbidden Kingdom","Title":"The Forbidden Kingdom","Author":"Kidiu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4713144","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Goddamn, why isn'tnthere a section for this movie? … Okay, my first fanfic.nGah! What the hell am I doing?! So, I watched thenForbidden Kingdom a couple days ago, and I thought, hey, you know,nthe Monkey King and Jason would make a pretty good match. So Insearched and searched but couldn't find a story anywhere on thennet. I found a community, and a few people said they would love tonread FK slash, but they couldn't find any either. Then I decidednsomeone needed to write one, and that someone is…me…what a letndown for you guys…Ah! Sorry if it sucks! I have no plot, I'm justnpulling everything right outta my ass. I tried copying phrasesnstraight from the movie, but I might have them a little wrong, sonforgive me. Now, let me think…whatnshould this be about…well, I know I wanna make it Forbidden Kingdomnslash between the Monkey King and Jason…but, I think it'll justnbe a cute one-shot. No kissing, but big hints, ne? I'll leave you guysnwanting more…! Oh, yeah, thendisclaimer: Nah, I don't own it. If I did, Sparrow woulda stayedndead. ----- After going through thenwhole ordeal of defeating the Jade Warlord and freeing the MonkeynKing; Sun Wukong, Jason Tripitikas, and Lu Yan stood before the JadenEmperor, while there was a small crowd of people gathered aroundnthem. The Emperor walked pastnthe Monkey King and Lu Yan, nodding his head at them with a smallnsmile as he passed them. When he reached Jason, he stood right innfront of him with a look of praise in his ancient, wizened eyes. \"And what is it thatnyou want?\" asked the Emperor, waiting patiently as Jason decided. Jason had the phrase 'Injust want to go home' on the very tip of his tongue, but decided tonthink twice about it. What was there back at home for him? Bullies,nschool? He loved his mother, but she was growing old, and understoodnthat he was growing up. Understood that he needed to make his ownnliving. But here, here hendidn't have to worry about the complicated modern world. Here hengot to live his dream, the things he'd only wished for. He'dnlearned so much in such short time, and had made great friends. Here,nhe lived a great adventure, and knew that staying would only bringnmore of it. Would he really want to leave the world he'd only everndreamed of? Could he leave it for a boring world where he'd go backnto just dreaming? Could he? …would he? No. No, he couldn't, andnwouldn't want to. \"I want to staynhere.\" He replied determinedly. He looked the Jade Emperor in theneye as he said this. The Emperor smiled innamusement at the boy's determination. It was an envious trait tonhave, along with the boy's courage and large heart. Sun was wise inndeciding on this boy as the seeker of the staff, the Jade Emperornobserved. But, perhaps, were there more reasons than one that thenMonkey King chose this boy…? Curious indeed. At that moment, Jasonnremembered how he got into this entire mess, \"Hop! He's dying!\"nhis eyes widened considerably in realization. How could he have beennso selfish?! To stay here while Hop died because of him…! He feltnso guilty at that moment, and couldn't stop it from showing on hisnface. It was his fault old man Hop was shot, his! Sun Wukong watched asnthe Jade Emperor had asked Jason what he wanted, and Sun knew that henwould want to go home. After all, he dragged him from his home tonfight a battle without an ounce of experience. It's obvious henwould want to return to his normal life, but Sun couldn't help butnfeel a little disappointed. He knew he had no right to keep him here,nbut it kind of hurt to think of him leaving when they didn't evennget to talk, really. Jason's his Seeker after all, so it's onlynright for them to talk. He trusted his golden staff to him and onlynhim, so why not? So imagine his surprisenwhen Jason stated that he wanted to stay. He felt like jumping andnsending his staff straight through the air, and a few other things,nbut those were abruptly stopped when Jason had uttered his nextnwords. Who was Hop? And why was Jason's attention so focused onnhim…?! Sun stepped out more tonsee the boy clearly, and noted out of the corner of his eye as Lu Yanndid the same thing. The Jade Emperor smilednin knowing. \"He will be fine. Henis immortal.\" Lu stated in his thick, friendly accent. Both Sun andnJason saw the smile on Lu's face, but only Jason was able tonconnect things. Whoa, Jason thought,ndefinitely a thought for another day. ----- So, as it goes, Jasonnfound out that Hop was actually Lu Yan, er, Lu Yan was actuallynHop…well, however you say it, they were the same person, and Jasonnfound security in that fact. The days that followednwere sad yet calm ones. The funeral of Golden Sparrow was depressing,nand Jason couldn't help but have wet eyes during it. He had trulynliked Sparrow, and it was sad to see her go. Had she liked him back?nHe really wished he would have asked before she was killed. Her body was buried inna grassy field near the mountain. Many people gathered for her, asnshe helped in the demise of the Jade Warlord, and after all, it wasnher jade dart that killed him. Sun Wukong felt a smallnbit of jealousy at the way Jason looked at the grave of Sparrow. Onlyna foolish crush, he knew, but he did not bring Jason here to fall innlove with Sparrow . The funeral was too long in his opinion,nbut he did mourn for Sparrow, as she died fighting the Warlord. ----- Lu, Jason, and Sun werensat around a small table in a hut, drinking tea…or rum, in Lu'sncase. \"So the monk was onlyna clone?\" Lu asked before taking a gulp of his fresh elixir. \"Yes, a strand ofnhair sent to aid the Seeker in returning my staff.\" replied thenMonkey King, with a nod of his head. Only a few moments passed ofncontemplation while Sun wiggled his eyebrows at a few chirping birds,nwith a huge grin. Jason snorted at his actions with a small smile,nand looked away as Sun turned his grin on him. He giggled - manly ,nmind you - when Sun started wiggling his eyebrows at him. Lu rolled his eyes andnleft the room, throwing his hands in exasperation at the MonkeynKing's mannerisms. Jason frowned when henremembered the question that'd been plaguing him since this wholenjourney. Why? Why had the Monkey King chosen him to deliver hisnstaff? Sun frowned as well atnJason's expression. Only when Jason's thoughts were voiced did henunderstand. He could only think of three words at that moment. \"Because you'rencute,\" Sun Wukong said with a mischievous smirk. Jason's eyes widenednand his mouth gaped as the Monkey King cartwheeled out of the hut. ----- Okay, so it's anlittle fast, a little cheesy…but it's the only one of its kind!nYeah, yeah, it's short, I know… Anyway, no more, the end, that'snall! I know, I'm cruel. But, if you guys reallynlike it, maybe…maybe, I'll create a sequel. ","Summary":" Goddamn, why isn'tnthere a section for this movie? … Okay, my first fanfic.nGah! What the hell am I"},{"Movie":"Forbidden Kingdom","Title":"After Jason Left","Author":"Speculatrix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6550296","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After Jason Left Disclaimer : None of the characters are mine. Everyone in the Jade Emperor's Heavenly Kingdom stared as the Emperor himself blew Jason through the gate with his subtle yet powerful breath. Everyone smiled encouragingly at Jason as he fell backwards in a graceful arch through the gate into his land in the Earth and disappeared in a mystic fog. \"It's done,\" declared the Jade Emperor. \"And now, it's time to resume life as it was and to undo all the doings of the late Jade Warlord. As for you, Monkey and you, Drunken Immortal...\" He looked at the Monkey King and Lu Yan with an amused glimmer in his eyes. \"...Although you have done greatly in aiding our Young Traveller and the late Orphan Warrior, you will both have to be punished for one little mishap.\" \"WHAT? What did we do?\" Lu Yan yelled in shock. \"Yeah, what?\" asked Monkey. \"You, Monkey, in your Silent Monk form, were a part of the Traveller's plan to give the Elixir of Life to you, the man, who was once just a mortal.\" \"So?\" said the always cheeky Monkey King. \"You both do realize that there is no more Elixir for us Immortals to drink. Therefore, or having finished up the Elixir, you will both have to help my servants make the Elixir.\" With that and a small smile, the Emperor disappeared. \"Why, you, you dare drag me into your punishment...\" Monkey stared so angrily at Lu Yan that they were almost nose-to-nose. \"What are you going to do, kill me?\" the latter mocked him and laughed. \"Hoo! I'm an Immortal, crazy Monkey! Woo hoo!\" Suddenly, Monkey smiled widely. He jumped up to a peach tree and smiled in thought, as he speedily ate one juicy peach after the other. He felt content. After all that stress from being stuck in stone for 5 centuries(give or take a decade), then his last fight with the Jade Warlord, then witnessing Jason tearfully burying Golden Sparrow before he said goodbye, he deserved a treat. Then again, his new idea might require him more energy coming from peaches... \"You were saying, Sun Wukong?\" Lu Yan jumped up in front of him. 500 humongous peaches later, the Monkey King straightened to his feet and grabbed the staff that had changed Jason's life. \"You did say that we can kill each other, when we were done teaching Jason kung-fu, right?\" He jumped back down to the ground and did a silly little monkey dance. \"Did I really say that?\" Lu Yan thought and then he remembered. Jason was being quite a handful to teach and they were arguing over who would be the teacher. Come to think of it, they were arguing like monkeys. Two tigers, one mountain...Hmmmm...\"How was I to know that YOU were the Monkey King at that time! Oh well, let's warm up! HAAAAAAAIIIII...! They jumped to the ground, Sun Wukong grabbed his staff and another epic never-ending fight began... \"What is this?\" A calm voice stopped them in their tracks. It was the Jade Emperor again. Lu Yan and Monkey hesitated. \"Well, er...uhm...we...\" \"No need to tell me, I know. Now, you two must come along and start making that Elixir,\" The Emperor smiled calmly. The two star warriors sulked and made faces at each other behind the Emperor's back as they followed him. Then, Lu Yan noticed something gold poking out of the Emperor's robe pocket and gasped. That bulgy shape, that tip, it looked familiar! He dived forwards and fished it out. It was the Elixir Vessel! And IT WAS FULL! \"Emperor, are you trying to play the fool with us?\" he shouted angrily. The Emperor smiled wisely, which annoyed Lu Yan, \"As a matter of fact, yes. I always kept an extra in case of emergencies. Even Immortals deserve a laugh, don't they?\" Then he burst out laughing. Monkey, who had been giggling with his hands clamped to his mouth, followed suit as well. Lu Yan's cheeks burned with humiliation. Suddenly, he remembered something. \"Jade Emperor, after making the Elixir, can I please go down to Earth to be near Jason? I'm sure that he will never forget his teacher.\" The Jade Emperor stopped walking, then turned around to face Jason. \"That is a good idea indeed. But, remember, it will take a long time for him to remember. After all, he is a child of the future. When you get to Earth, you will own a shop in your name and the Young Traveller will be there. And the staff, too. It will take years...'' 'I'll do anything, I'll wait...\" \"Brave words, O Drunken Immortal,\" Monkey interrupted, \"Are you sure that you've got the guts?\" \"Yes,\" said Lu Yan firmly, \"Yes, I do. After all, he did promise to remember me. That, perhaps, is what being immortal is all about.\" Then the Emperor spoke, \"All will happen as you speak then...And the Orphan Warrior. She will be incarnated into a spitting image of her former self, without any memory of her former life, of course.\" And, of course, from that day onwards, what was meant to happen, happened...Strange, isn't it, after all, the way time works? The End. ","Summary":" After Jason Left Disclaimer : None of the characters are mine. Everyone in the Jade Emperor's Heave"},{"Movie":"Forbidden Kingdom","Title":"星","Author":"Little Pisces Dreaming","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7919931","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Translations are below 星 ~ Black was the night that faded the light of our lives ~ \"So you're practising again?\" Měifēng enquires, trying to hide her smile. \"Yea, I don't want to forget what shīfu taught me,\" Jason shrugs, swinging his gùn around. \"You're the last one today who knows these ancient techniques,\" she comes to a stop in front of him. \"You should be very proud of yourself.\" He smiles at her. \"I can show you if you want? It might take a while, but you know; if you want to learn…\" Měifēng laughs, and instantly he's entranced. \"Actually, I was wondering if you wanted to join me for dinner. My parents have travelled away for business, and perhaps you could use a break,\" He stumbles for the right words, having been taken entirely by surprised. \"Oh… Of course! Yes! Sure, I'll come with you,\" \"I will leave first,\" she beams at him, walking back towards the stairs. For a moment Jason grins like an idiot. He can barely believe that she just asked him to dinner! He can still so clearly remember when she had stumbled onto his rooftop training area. At the time he had been so worried, but she was more curious than alarmed. His grin fades as he remembers Golden Sparrow. The pawn shop owner had once spun him a tale of loss and reincarnation, and it wasn't too hard to imagine Měifēng as Golden Sparrow's new self. Měifēng even plays the pípá. He shakes those thoughts away and casts his gùn aside, hurrying down those stairs that can't end soon enough. Besides, if she is Golden Sparrow, then it's good to see her with a happy life. He stumbles down the last few steps, barely able to keep himself from falling. He then straightens up and takes a deep breath. The door swings open and he grins at her. She covers her mouth in an attempt to stifle her giggles. He's clearly run down the stairs in desperation and hoped for a suave and sophisticated entrance. He hops down the entrance steps to stand by her side. Coolly, he slips his hand into hers, and it feels like it's always belonged there. He turns his head so she doesn't see his frown. Her hand in his feels just like Golden Sparrow's too. She suddenly comes to a stop. \"Come, I know a quiet restaurant,\" He smiles and follows her. He can't see many differences in her from when he had first met her in the jiānghú. This incarnation is much happier, and her joy is infectious. The main similarity, he would say, is her quietly commanding tone which sometimes reveals itself in her words and actions. \"You're very good with chopsticks,\" Měifēng praises. Jason laughs. \"What can I say; I'm very gifted,\" He looks over the table with food spread out lavishly before them. They had stopped at a quiet restaurant in a small backstreet, but the quality was of the highest standards. It wasn't the food he was watching though. On a plate, as a decorative ornament, was the weapon that Golden Sparrow had spent her entire life training to kill the Yùhuáng Dàdì. It had been given to the restaurant by Měifēng herself. It was another connection that he can't deny, but it worries him because Golden Sparrow would never have surrendered her weapon. \"Have I troubled you tonight?\" Měifēng enquires politely. \"No,\" Jason exclaims. \"No, you haven't. Don't worry about it; it's fine. I'm just thinking about one of my stances.\" She smiles. \"You really are the greatest person to perform wǔxiá. Most people would not be as diligent as you,\" \"I'm sorry, I'm really not the best company,\" he frowns. She takes his hand. \"You are wonderful,\" Jason's worries instantly dissipate. He relaxes and lets her presence and kindness soothe him. His heart, and his feelings surrounding Golden Sparrow and her, is suddenly very clear. \"Měifēng,\" the restaurant owner, Nǚyīng, says worriedly. \"There is someone who wishes to see you. He waits nearby, at that street you used to play in… I think it would be best if you meet him.\" \"Why? What has happened?\" Měifēng frowns. \"No... I will meet him. Thank you for letting me know.\" Nǚyīng makes a hasty exit, unable to tear her eyes away from Měifēng. Jason rises from his chair at the same time as Měifēng. He can tell from the expression in her eyes that she's grateful. Her voice fails her as she tries to thank him aloud. Worried and abashed, she leads the way out of the restaurant. He casts a quick glance at Nǚyīng, only to find her crying as she whispers to her husband. The pity in their eyes instantly sears itself into his mind. A deep, dark emotion fills Jason with dread. The twisting darkness of it all makes him feel suddenly ill. Something bad has happened, but he doesn't know how to reassure Měifēng without panicking her more. Shamefully, he shoves his hands into his pockets and hopes that it isn't as bad as everyone else makes it appear to be. However, as they round the corner, reality shatters his hopes. Before them are flashing police sirens, and a huge crowd of people. Jason tears his eyes from the scene to look at Měifēng. As he had suspected she's on the verge of crying, but she refuses to let them flow. His hands curl into fists as a policeman makes his way over to them. \"A long time has passed since we last met,\" he comments, removing his hat. \"Please, Zhèn, tell me,\" she chokes back her tears of worry and fright. \"You have known me since we were young, so please; don't hide what has happened from me.\" \"Your parents were leaving for business today…\" Zhèn says carefully. \"Today, they returned to retrieve something from their house. After they left again, they were met by another car on the road… I'm sorry for your loss.\" \"No,\" She staggers back into Jason's arms. \"No… This isn't… This can't… No!\" \"I'm sorry,\" he says, reluctant to tell her more. \"They have both passed on.\" The last of Měifēng's strength leaves her and she collapses. Jason stares at her, unsure what to do, or how to comfort her. It all seems so reminiscent of Golden Sparrow's life. He shakes his head, ashamed for thinking of trivial that won't matter to the grieving, tormented girl in his arms. Her sobs fill his ears, and he knows the sound with forever echo in them. A piece of paper suddenly appears in front of him. \"These are the directions to her home. I can see that you care for her, so please make sure she returns safely. I would do more, but I must end this task,\" Jason glares, fury boiling in his blood as Zhèn leaves. He would do more, maybe yell and start a fight, but he can't do that. Not while Měifēng is lying limply in a state of unrivalled depression. He lifts her and starts the journey to her home. He's sure though, that it's the last place she'll want to be, but he can't think of anywhere else. He won't ask Zhèn if he knows any place that won't cause her more pain. He doesn't trust Zhèn; not after seeing what was written on his notepad. Jason stabs at the ground with his gùn. By now the area in front of him has been severely dented, and the end of his gùn is ruined. He takes a deep breath and looks to his right. Through the traditional latticed window, he can see Měifēng sleeping fitfully. Even in her sleep she can't escape from suffering the burden of reality. He stands up, walking away. For a few steps his gùn trails along the ground, but he lifts it away from the ground. He doesn't want her to follow his trail when she awakes. He doesn't want her to follow him at all. He knows that he's walking out of her life, forever perhaps, but he keeps going. It all takes him back to his time with her when she was Golden Sparrow. Guilt wells up inside of him, and he lets it. He's ready to let the guilt consume him if he must. It's his fault, and he refuses to see it any other way; unless, of course, he blames Hǔ as well. Jason's expression contorts into a mask of bitterness and rage. Hǔ was a member of the Chinese government. He was in a position of great power, and he was the one who crashed into Měifēng's parent's car. Jason still blames himself though. Again and again, he wanted proof that Golden Sparrow and Měifēng were one person. He has that proof now, because has begun to repeat itself. She's too old to have lost her parents when she was a child, so they steal her parents now. They take her parents away from her by someone who holds a position of power, not unlike the power that the Yùhuáng Dàdì had. It was his fault that time has repeated itself as best as it could. It's his fault that her parents have left this time. It's his fault that Hǔ pulled strings so that Měifēng's parents were blamed for the crash. It was entirely his fault, and he knows that she won't like she used to. The light and joy in her life has been stolen away. He can't bring her parents back from the dead, but he can leave while she still has people that she cares for, and who care for her. It would be too much for him to stay and for them to be taken too. Jason glances up. Only now, as he leaves, does the sun begin to rise in the darkest of night skies. Only now can she begin to try and heal, he thinks to himself. Author's Note: Translations are below. Thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed what you read, and if you didn't, then I apologise for being unable to interest you. * 星 – This is supposedly the character for 'star'. * Měifēng means Beautiful Wind. For a while, Golden Sparrow's next life had flown freely without the burdens and sorrows of her past, and without tragedy. It is written as 美風. * Shīfu means 'master'. * Gùn – This may have confused some of you, but this is the Mandarin Chinese word for stick / rod. It is said to be known as 'The Grandfather of all Weapons'. * Pípá – This is the musical instrument that Golden Sparrow had carried with her, or so I have been told. If I am incorrect, then please correct me, and I will correct my mistake. * - jiānghú - This means Mountains and Rivers, or something similar. It is the word for the world where wǔxiá takes place. * Yùhuáng Dàdì – I have been told that this is the translation for Jade Emperor. I have received this translation from Google, but Yù is most definitely the word for Jade. I know that because my name is Yù, although everyone calls me by the English translation. * Wǔxiá – For those who do not know, this is the genre of the movie The Forbidden Kingdom. It is Action and Adventure, and includes wǔshù. Wǔshù means 'martial art'. * Nǚyīng – She is the young woman who owns the restaurant. Her name means Female Flower. I included this name as not many people understand the trema ; it is also sometimes written as a v for those who do not have access for the correct tone. The ǚ tone gives the letter and ewe sound. It is not to be mistaken with the other u tones that do not include the trema as they make an ' oo ' sound. * It – You're probably wondering what this is doing here. Měifēng and Zhèn rarely use this word, if they even use it at all. This is because Mandarin Chinese doesn't particularly use this word. * Zhèn – He is a childhood friend of Měifēng. His name means 'break' or 'shock'. The meaning is included in another story of mine, but I don't have the time to search for it this instant. * Notepad – Zhèn's notepad revealed that Hǔ had bribed the police to declare that it was Měifēng's parents who were to blame for the crash. * Latticed Window – I don't actually know if latticed windows are particularly traditional. I think that they are, but I haven't researched it. * Hǔ – The name means Tiger. * End – Jason is walking away. This is where Golden Sparrow's past life quest for revenge resurfaces, but it is revived in Jason. Now, Jason may gain a laywer's degree and put Hǔ in a rotting, stinking jail. He may also attempt to kill Hǔ. The end result is the product of your mind. ","Summary":" Translations are below 星 ~ Black was the night that faded the light of our lives ~ \"So you're prac"},{"Movie":"Forbidden Kingdom","Title":"Secret","Author":"Little Pisces Dreaming","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8829260","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Secret The greatest curse of all was loving. She couldn't help but feel hatred slipping into her gaze. He would always be with her. She feigned a smile when he looked at her. In her heart of hearts there would always be that slight hatred. She could never recover her innocent naivety. She would always smile when he kissed her cheek after dinner. He always complimented the sky or the breeze. That was a lie. He searched for any excuse to leave. She always played her part. He must have thought of her as idiotic. She almost thought of herself that way. He needed to train; she knew that. She watched the rooftops with a deadly fixation. He would sometimes be careless. She saw him practising his wǔshù. She didn't know whether she hated him more for doing so or for his lack of training. Her eyes would narrow as she glared and small wrinkles of distaste would crease her forehead. That was his secret. He had many secrets. Everyone had a secret or a few hundred. She was different. Her existence knew of only secret. She harboured only one lie. She remembered . He looked at her and saw Golden Sparrow. He loved her but loved Golden Sparrow more. He only wanted one person. That person was dead. He chose her lookalike. That was not the reason for the hatred in her heart. Neither was her secret the reason for her hatred. She should never have died. Her life as Golden Sparrow was meant to lead her to him . As a child she knew of her past. She knew that her parents would die and she would exact vengeance on the Jade Emperor. She allowed it to occur without warning them. They were her loved ones, he was her reason . She should not have died in that lifetime. Jason was meant to protect her. He was meant to kill the Jade Emperor whilst preserving her life. He was only a means to an end. Her life was supposed to lead her to her fated one. Jason let her die and she hasn't found him since. ! The door slammed. \"Are you alright?\" She glared as Jason held her fingers. He inspected the blood. There was no glass in her wounds. She would be fine, he smiled. The moment his eyes met hers she smiled. It was a lie. Her smile was false but her heart did flutter. The lie vanished and knew a brief moment of truth. \"I'm fine,\" she reassured. \"Don't worry about me. I was careless so I'll rest.\" His selfless kindness faded slightly. \"I don't want to leave you,\" She shakes her head. \"I'll go upstairs and sleep. Go on one of your walks. I know how it refreshes you. Don't make me fuss over you. I can't sleep when I'm fussing,\" He chuckled. \"You're right. I don't want to keep you awake,\" She nodded, her eyes smiling. In the shadows of her mind she screamed for the madness to end. What if her fated one passed by in search of her? Would he walk away if he thought she was happy? She couldn't bear to lose him again. She flinched as warmth descended onto her cheek. \"I love you. Take care of yourself,\" he closed the door; his grin was the last she saw of him. Blood spread across the tiles. The glass crunched beneath her knees. The blood ran between her fingers and into her eyes. She wailed her anguish quietly. Redemption didn't exist for the truly evil. Author's Note: To preserve oneself for the true one that is fated is true and enduring. I very much enjoyed writing this piece and I hope that you enjoyed reading it. Thank you for taking the time to read my work. I apologise if it wasn't satisfactory. Part of the Revival Collection. ","Summary":" Secret The greatest curse of all was loving. She couldn't help but feel hatred slipping into her ga"},{"Movie":"Forbidden Kingdom","Title":"Goodbye, Orphan Warrior","Author":"Speculatrix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6626905","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Goodbye, Orphan Warrior Disclaimer: None of the characters are mine. Note : This could have been what had happened with Jason and Golden Sparrow, while the Jade Warlord and Monkey started their second(and last) fight. As soon as Golden Sparrow recovered from her deja-vu , which was caused by the light signalling the Monkey King's resurrection, she blinked twice and this is what she saw. Jason had tumbled backwards and fallen down from the impact which he had caused. His body shook with relief and agony as he stumbled back onto his feet and took cover behind the thick column next to the one Sparrow was standing behind. \" Are you alright? \" she mouthed at him. Jason's reply was a nod and shrug. He was still dazed from what he had just done. The two young warriors then turned their attention on Sun Wukong, Silent Monk and the accursed Jade Warlord. The Jade Warlord was staring open-mouthed at Silent Monk and the Monkey King with bulging eyes. The Silent Monk was lying face forward in a weakened heap in front of his rumoured-to-be teacher, his shoulder bleeding copiously through his white robes. Sun Wukong gazed upon him with a serious expression. The two did not hear the sudden cries of shock that came from the Jade Warlord, Jason and Sparrow, as they realized how similar the King and Monk looked in appearance. Sun Wukong nodded at his rumoured-to-be disciple with a look in his eyes that only the Silent Monk seemed to understand. Sparrow and Jason couldn't believe their very eyes! The Monk was disappearing in a golden mist! He disappeared away until all that was left of him was one solitary golden strand of hair that floated in the air of its own accord, right into the Monkey King's outstretched palm. He gazed at it as though in farewell and then rubbed his hand over his head. He lifted his head up. As if in response, the Jade Warlord held up his battle-axe in a pose that said, \"I'm ready for you, accursed Monkey! You aren't going anywhere!\" Monkey smiled, saying his first words after his awakening, \"My turn!\" The two powerful legends started another epic battle of good versus evil. \"Oh God, I can't believe what I just saw!\" Jason whispered to Sparrow exultantly, \"He really was one of the Monkey King's Three Magical Hairs all along!\" He stopped smiling, when he saw the expression that was clouding Sparrow's beautiful delicate face. \"Are you alright? Sparrow?\" Sparrow's large dark eyes were stony and her lips were pressed together tightly. Her hands were balled into fists and Jason saw what she was holding in one hand: Her special jade dart that has enough power to dispatch an Immortal, not just any Immortal, the Jade Warlord. Sparrow's long black hair hung over her face and shoulders like curtains. She felt Jason's gaze on her, but kept her eyes on the Warlord as she whispered sweetly, \"It's time.\" \"Are you sure?\" Jason stepped up towards her and felt her shiver in anticipation as he put his arm around her shoulders. \"She supposes so. All she must do is walk up to him and introduce herself. Then with one flick of her hand, he will be burnt in the fire of his crimes forever.'' \"That's...just impossible!\" Jason whispered and wrappped both arms around her, ''I mean, you suppose so? Tell me, are you really ready for this?\" No answer. \"Sparrow? Please...\" A soft sob answered his plea. Sparrow turned her head toward Jason and he saw the tear roll down her thin cheek. \"How could you doubt this? She is ready and had been ever since the destruction of her adoptive parents. She is a Dragon Princess, whose biological father abandoned her, because of her mortality. She grew up without a family! Nothing but her wushu and dart throwing skills! This dart! She will not rest until it finally finds its way into his cold heart! She must kill him now. Let her go, Traveller! Just let her go! She can do it alone! Please...\" \"No! Sparrow! Listen...\" Jason restrained her from running away, \"Listen! You...you...\" \"She what? What are you trying to do? Let her go!\" \"Sparrow! You...might be killed.\" Silence. Then, the Orphan Warrior tried to escape Jason's clutches again, shouting hysterically through a flood of tears, \"You don't understand, do you? Hasn't she deserved enough trauma in her life already? She must put an end to all the evil that the Warlord brought to the world! Vengeance! Her par...!...! Jason suddenly lost his temper and, without warning, pulled Sparrow towards him, into a stunning kiss that drowned out the rest of her hysterical outburst. Lu Yan, who had defeated Ni-Chang the White-Haired Demoness only two minutes ago, staggered in slowly and widened his eyes at the scene inside the palace on the Five Fingers. He laughed, \"When did I not see that coming? Hen mei, shi bushi ?\" Jason and Sparrow broke apart and Sparrow heaved a large sigh, as she buried her head in Jason's chest. Jason felt her tremble as a battle went on inside her mind on whether to stick with Jason or to do away with the Jade Warlord once and for all. \"Sparrow, I don't want you to die. You know that, don't you? Even if the Warlord is no match for the Monkey King, he will still be powerful enough to...\" \" Hush .\" Sparrow put a finger to Jason's lips. \"She...She has...made her decision. She will give her life to avenge her family. Traveller, you were the only real friend she has ever had. Never forget that dead or alive, she will be with you wherever you go.\" The Traveller's face turned paler than usual. Without a word, he let go of Sparrow, who took his face in her hands and kissed him for what seemed to be the last time. Jason closed his eyes and accepted the kiss. Then, he remembered the Silent Monk's words, \" Vengeance has a way of rebounding upon oneself\", as he watched her tie up her hair with the dart and walk away from his arms, into the Jaws of Death. ","Summary":" Goodbye, Orphan Warrior Disclaimer: None of the characters are mine. Note : This could have been wh"},{"Movie":"Forbidden Kingdom","Title":"A Slow Descent","Author":"Nemainofthewater","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8478604","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : A Slow Descent Author : Nemainofthewater Disclaimer : I don't own anything you recognise. You are born in a burst of (pain, surprise, betrayal) qi, thrust into the Middle Kingdom with the last of you Creator's strength. You awaken in the valleys below the steep mountains, and as you stare up at the palace, you know that you will not see this place again. At least not until you have completed your task (and every part of you is screaming FIND THE SEEKER. RETURN THE STAFF. FIND THE SEEKER.) as you walk away, you know this is exile. You do not have a name, a past, a childhood. You only have purpose. You have a quest that drives you on, step by step, into the small villages and untamed wilderness of the Kingdom. You do not eat, nor drink, nor rest. Why would you need to? You exist only as an extension of you Maker's willpower, infused with a hint of his qi. You are not alive. You do not live. You wear white robes (white, the colour of death. But whose death?) and you ride a white horse like a vengeful spirit. People flee before you, lock their doors, hide their children, fill your way with red firecrackers to drive you off. You do not mind. They are nothing to you, mere distractions from your purpose. Your horse dies underneath you after four days without rest. You leave its carcass to the scavenger beasts and walk on. You will find a new horse on the next village (and your essence begins to ache as it registers the strain of weeks of endless searching.) The next village is nothing but a smouldering pile of ashes, filled with the corpses of the villagers ('avenge us' their wailing spirits cry to you 'find the ones who did this'.) You do not stop walking. You must not be distracted. You find nine more villages similarly destroyed (and the ghosts behind you now number thousands. 'Help us' they plead, 'avenge us'.) The Jade Warlord grows more and more confident as he seeks to subjugate the realm and install himself as the new Emperor. The Jade army destroys all it touches (and you are somewhat…troubles by this.) In the tenth village, some of the Jade soldiers are still there. They run riot, torching and pillaging: destroying the secret places, defiling the holy shrines. They have separated the women from the men, and are engaging in their favourite sport. You should pass them by; what do the fleeting lives of mortals matter to you? (The voice in you head drives you on, tells you to ignore the screams.) But the soldiers see you as you walk steadily through the destruction. They laugh at your robes, the robes of a monk, and they move to attack you, leaving their more pleasurable pastime behind (Thank the Heavens, a small part of you thinks, a part that is not composed merely of purpose, a part that grows more each day.) You sink easily into the familiar martial stances: you turn the soldier's swords against them, blocking sloppy thrusts (Brutes. They are mere brutes and butchers. Has the Celestial army fallen so low?) In mere minutes they are defeated, and your hands are stained red with blood, and your robes are thick with dust(no longer pristine. You have stopped watching, and started acting.) You resume your slow walk through the village. You feel…weak… in a way you have never experienced (fire coursing through you veins, your breath quickening, your hands shaking) but you must not stop. You must push onwards. A tug on your robes. You look down at thee proffered cloth (a garment perhaps?) and further, to the solemn child who offers it. He looks up at you in awe, as though you have descended from the Heavens themselves to deliver him from evil spirits (and perhaps in his eyes you have.) You take the cloth and wipe your hands clean of the lifeblood that still stains them. The child takes it back with all due gravity, and bows. You look around, and all the villagers are kowtow-ing to you, as if you are some great lord. You do not know what to do (FIND THE SEEKER. RETURN THE STAFF.° so you pick your way through the crowd and continue on your way. Your steps contain more haste than before (the Jade Warlord must be stopped. He must not complete this blight.) In the days and weeks and years that follow (the Middle Kingdom is vast. But you do not age nor tire, and continue on your quest) you destroy any Jade soldier that you find. You hone your skills at kung-fu, until none can defeat you, but bow down before your attacks as rice before the wind (and tales start spreading of the immortal monk who travels the Kingdom clothed in white, helping all those who cross his path, and destroying the enemies of the people. Some say he is the spirit of a warrior, killed dishonourably by the treachery of the Jade Warlord; others that he is one of the eight Immortals, sent by the Celestial Emperor himself to deliver justice; others that he is but a wronged man who seeks to avenge his murdered village. You know none of the rumours are true, but you do not seek to contradict them. They spread hope on a land that has all but forgotten it.) You start travelling to the pockets of resistance hidden within the Kingdom, teaching young warriors and carrying messages (and searching. Always searching.) You make acquaintances, allies, friends. You relax in their company and even the voice driving you onwards (FIND THE SEEKER. RETURN THE STAFF) seems to dim. The years pass like the Great River: unrelenting and unstoppable. Your friends die, and turn to dust, and you survive, unchanged by the sands of time. (You learn to guard you heart. The mortal lives pass so fleetingly that you cannot afford to care.) You still travel, and fight against the vicious rules of the Jade Warlord, but you are no closer to reaching your goal (as the decades and centuries pass, you fade into myth and legend.) You begin to have the seeds of doubt as a half millennium passes since your creation (as time goes by, you find yourself feeling more and more. It is…not unpleasant.) You still defeat all soldiers you can find. But slowly the people forget what their land was once like, forget the prosperity under the rule of the Celestial Emperor. They are timid now, hiding their faces, and freely offering their meagre possessions to Jade soldiers without fuss. They have lost their fighting spirit, the memories of their proud ancestors. Yet, you still help them. You are cursed, run out of villages, hunted by the very people you seek to protect. You don't stop fighting. In memory of your shield brothers, you protect their descendants (and if you cannot fulfil your true purpose, here is one that seems just as worthy.) You save a small boy. He fights the soldiers, attacking them with a sword that is taller than he is (his father's perhaps?) He screams at you when you rescue him. \"I want to fight them!\" he says, \"I need to kill them!\" You deposit him at a temple where resistance is not just a forgotten word, but an active value that they practice daily against the tyrannies of the Jade Warlord. You hope he will channel that passions (that anger) into martial arts. You don't want to see him burn out before his time, a brief star in the endless night of the Jade Warlord's reign. When you feel a pull (your entire being dragging you to the staff, your reason for existence) you can hardly believe it. You immediately purchase a horse (agony. Agony every minute you linger. 'FIND ME' the staff screams. 'FIND ME!) You ride without stopping, purchasing a new hose every time the old one dies (and it feels like the first few heady days of your existence, when all you knew and all you were was purpose.) You find the staff grasped in the hands of a foreigner (its glory hidden by the wrappings around it, but it doesn't matter. You can hear it sing to you.) You take it easily (has this youngling no martial training at all?) and you bring it to an old temple ('WAIT' hums the staff, 'WAIT FOR THE SEEKER') You close your eyes and bask in its power, feeling contented for the first time in centuries. The Seeker will be drawn to the staff. This is inevitable. All you have to do is wait. When you open your eyes it is to find a drunken lout trying to steal the staff. He has long hair that looks as if it has never seen a comb, old dirty robes, and stinks of spirits as if he has been completely soaked in wine. This person is not the Seeker. You know this as you know your purpose. He must be a bounty hunter sent by the Jade Warlord to steal the staff for himself. It is only when you begin to fight that you recognise him. His qi burns with the same fiery passion of that boy (I'LL KILL THEM! LET ME KILL THEM!) that he saved. That young boy has grown to be a formidable opponent, a tiger. And you are angry. Angry that he has chosen life as a mercenary, angry that he buries his fire underneath enough wine to stock an inn, angry at the resigned look in his eyes. But you are proud as well when you see the passion in his kung-fu. When you discover that he is on a mission to destroy the Jade Warlord, you know that you must follow him (and your heart is glad that life not destroyed him completely.) Being with them (the Seeker, the Golden Sparrow, and the Tiger) feels like comradeship. The Seeker is a young man who is out of time. He is naïve, and stares wild-eyed at the countryside. He has no manners, no sense of decorum. His kung-fu is pitiful. Yet, he is nice, and he desperately wants to learn, trailing both him and the Tiger and nattering on about nonsensical fighting styles. The Tiger is full of anger at the world and life, hidden under layers of cynicism and alcohol. He sways on his horse, half-drunk most of the time, yet when he fights his spirit shines through and you can see a glimpse of the idealistic boy he must once have been. And the Golden Sparrow is silent, withdrawn. She sits apart from the rest of the group every evening as you make camp, strumming her instrument. She has old eyes, eyes that have seen too much, and she is always practising with a jade tipped dart. Yet as you watch over the camp in the late hours of the night, haunting music lifts you up and transports you to depths of emotions that you could have never dreamt of. You relax with them as you never have before: the fights with the Tiger make you feel more alive than ever, and as you impart your lessons to the Seeker it feels as if a heavy load is lifted with every successful lesson. You start smiling, laughing more (the first time you laugh is when you discover the identity of the Seeker. It is the first time you have done so in your life, and you find it exhilarating.) You play small practical jokes around the camp: wine replaced by fruit juice, made-up katas that don't exist and force the Seeker into crazy stunts more befitting of a circus performer. And the Tiger becomes a brother. They drink together, fight together, and discuss lesson plans together (the Tiger egging you on, each trying to top each other as you think up weirder and weirder stunts for him to perform) But despite lapses (mostly on the Tiger's part) the Seeker becomes stronger, absorbing new routines eagerly. He becomes stronger and stronger. For the first time in centuries you have hope (that your mission is finally over.) It takes months to reach the mountains, and in that time you become family. And as you stare up at the Palace you know that you will succeed. It all comes crashing down when you are attacked, when the Tiger is shot; mortally wounded (by the witch with hair the colour of death. She wishes for immortality, and you hope fervently with all your qi that she gets it. Let her experience the pain and loss as the years stretch endlessly on.) You thought (hoped) that the Jade Warlord had not taken notice of your quest, that he would not monitor all suspicious activity. You know now that this was stupid. You should have been more vigilant, should have hurried the group along, should have drilled the katas into the Seeker, have hurried into the Palace. You know that you ought to go on, to start the final showdown that will end in your death. But instead you bring the Tiger to a monastery that will at least ease his final hours. The Seeker wants to run ahead, to acquire the elixir of immortality, but you would not wish that on anyone. You want to stay by his side (your brother, your family) to comfort him so he will not be alone. You have sat by the bedsides of hundreds of friends as they died, but you never thought that you would have to watch family die. You never thought that you would have a family. The final showdown has waited for more than five centuries. It can wait a little longer. When the Seeker asks to push on ahead, you stall him. You know that there is little chance of success, and you know that no man should die alone. You make a plausible plan to attack on a few days' time, after the funeral rites should be over. Of course, it doesn't go as planned, and you end up fighting the Jade Warlord after a fear fraught ride to the Palace to save the Seeker (impatient, impertinent brat. Yet, can you blame him?) You know that you will never be able to defeat him: he is one of the eight immortals and you are nothing but qi (and you're tired, so very tired.) He is older than you by millennia, and he has a breadth of experience that you will never hope to match. You know you have only one choice; to buy the Seeker enough time to free your Maker. As you lie bleeding (you have never bled before. It is…disconcerting you know that this will lead to your death as the qi maintaining your life re-enters your Maker. You don't care. Constructs are never meant to last more than a few hours, and you have lived a long and lonely life. And yet… As you feel yourself fade, you can't help but think that it is unfair. For all your life you have strived to fulfil you purpose, and now that it's complete you are being tossed away. And you do want to see you family one last time. You stare at your Creator with accusing eyes. Constructs are not meant to last more than a few hours. They become far too human. ","Summary":" Title : A Slow Descent Author : Nemainofthewater Disclaimer : I don't own anything you recognise. Y"},{"Movie":"Thief and the Cobbler","Title":"Tiles","Author":"Whiggity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6504149","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Last night, I watched The Thie f and the Cobbler for the first time since I was about four years old. I find the movie and its messed-up history pretty fascinating. As a child, I remember almost nothing about the theatrical release of the movie; I thought it was some weird, disturbing Aladdin ripoff and promptly forgot absolutely everything about it. Then last night I was watching the Nostalgia Critic's review of the movie, and, well, it all went to hell from there. The \"recobbled\" version of the movie, as I watched last night, seems, despite its unfinished-ness, to have really great potential. It's too bad that control was wrested from the original creators the way it was; it had the potential to be something really, really amazing in its original vision. In any case, this story takes after the original movie - the one in which Tack is essentially mute, as he was meant to be, so the characterization here is based around that silence. I'd also just like to say that I'm fully aware that, in such a minuscule category as this, just about nobody will ever read this story, but if you do, please let me know what you think of it. It was a really great, fun exercise in soft, concise narrative and figurative language, and, hopefully, successful in carrying multiple recurring themes throughout. Writing fanfiction is a fabulous way to whet the creative knife. In the great golden kingdom, the Princess walked her smooth stone floors. The marble and granite beneath her feet had been carved and smoothed and polished to perfection in ages past by the greatest artisans of the land, arranged in their intricate patterns up and down halls – at some points invisible in their flawless geometry, at others forming beautiful steeples and falls in purest illusion. The Princess closed her eyes. A holdover from her childhood, she still at times feared to walk the palace alone, lest she be lost in its twisting corridors. But now was not the time for fear. \"Walk, now, dearest, more slowly,\" Nanny called from behind. The Princess closed her lovely eyes and straightened her back. Her steps became smaller with her concentration, more delicate; she swayed her hips and let her hair fall free, glimmering with each step. \"Your body, Child,\" Nanny crooned from the down the hallway. \"As your mother, as all her sister wives and all the women in your blood: your womanly power, your grace, take it from the palace.\" The Princess screwed up her eyes tighter in concentration, realized it was not increasing her desirability, and let herself relax. The palace, she said to herself. The turns, the delicate build of the city itself. It is a lovely woman. She will teach me. The Princess opened her eyes and let herself step in rhythm with the tiles, which coalesced into and out of one another like poetry. Her free femininity, her subtle strength and wisdom, were in the tiles and walls, there to teach her should she open her senses to understand them. She pranced, leaped, swayed, and turned in the checked hallway, dancing on nothing at all. On her last step, she alighted gracefully to the ground once more and stood straight and attentive, gazing down the hall to where Nanny stood by the doorway. The elderly nursemaid smiled glowingly from beneath her heavy robes. \"My dear, any man should fall to his knees for you.\" – The Princess stole from the remote hallways of the palace to the royal quarters, to her own quarters. Nobody was about but for a young chambermaid dolefully changing the stained sheets upon the king's bed. The Princess took a deep breath and thought to herself where else she might look. Tack was somewhere. Yet, an hour and one kitchen, one throne room, and a dungeon later, the cobbler was still nowhere to be found. At last the Princess made her way to the garden. Pushing aside the many weeping vines of a willow tree, she found her husband crouched like a sage by the edge of the duck pond. \"Tack,\" she said softly. He turned to smile at her, that sad, almost reluctant smile that she loved so very very much. She made one step towards him before recalling suddenly her practiced movements; on the next, she swung her hips with great exaggeration. She craned her neck, slimmed her waist, and made prominent her bosom. Within ten steps she was at Tack's side, swooping down next to him, allowing her hair to brush tremulously against his neck, to give his eyes time to linger on her chest as she leaned over to seat herself next to him on the grass. Even when she glanced back up finally, however, having arranged herself as seductively next to him as she could manage, his eyes still were fully on hers, smiling lovingly at her. She faltered. He wasn't showing it, but he must have taken some notice. So she let herself smile back. The cobbler-cum-Prince wrapped his arm about his wife. She laid her head against his shoulder and the two of them together turned their gazes towards the duck pond, sparkling in the afternoon sunshine. Birds chirped happily in the sky and in the trees. The Princess closed her eyes and snuggled closer. Tack gave her a brief squeeze, but never looked over. There they were silent for a few moments. Birds continued to chirp. A bullfrog croaked from the reeds. The royal couple remained motionless on the banks. The Princess licked her lips. Surreptitiously, she arched her back in closer so her breasts rubbed lightly against Tack's chest. He took a deep breath of morning air and finally looked over at her. Excitedly, she arched a little more. But the cobbler smiled and only kissed her ever so lightly on the forehead. Resting his brow against hers, he tenderly reached to her hand and held it in his. He closed his eyes for a moment, savoring her touch, before smiling again and turning back to the duck pond, quite content to ponder, perhaps all day, the beauty in this small place, holding the hand of his beloved. The Princess, in the meantime, was crestfallen. She slumped, no longer working to expose herself to best advantage. In only a few minutes more, she announced she was feeling quite warm in the sun, and excused herself to leave for the cooler indoors. Once inside, she spent the rest of the morning laying prostrate in bed, distraught at only her latest failure out of many. –[Chapter 2] She no longer held any hope for nighttime. The Princess slept that night, as she had every night before it, in tight embrace with her husband. Tight, wholesome embrace. Their legs tangled, their hair messed, he grabbed her and held her tight – but in the manner that a boy might squeeze his bedtime toy, or of two rambunctious children who finally have dropped asleep after tiring each other out at playtime. That first night of their marriage, she recalled, oh, how excited she had been as he rolled towards her in the dark, wrapping his arms about her delicate waist and holding her tight to him. She'd closed her eyes and breathed deep, telling herself to savor the moment, every sensation, the smell and the feel of the man she loved, and how lovingly he kept her there on the brink of excitement. She closed her eyes and tried to sense him, to wait and to know when was the time to respond to him in the most pleasurable way possible... And she waited. And waited. And by the time she could bring herself to move, he was snoring softly, lulled to sleep by her soft presence. Every night thereafter, the two of them slept together – as brother and sister. She was his bunkmate in the royal bedchamber. How she loved him, she thought, laying there in his arms late at night, two months past their wedding. How she ached for him. How she was scared to speak of her aching to anyone but Nanny. Certainly not to Tack himself. He was so heartbreakingly pure. Or that was what she preferred to think, in any case. What were they to do? she asked herself, laying and staring at the mosaic ceiling tiles in the dark. What of children? Yes, Father, she had been forced to lie many times, we have spilled enough seed for a thousand heirs! Patience only, Father. Patience. And future concubines? Dear, dear Tack. She turned to him in bed to watch him sleep, peacefully, as only he could. What did she know about him, truly? He was brave, and resourceful, and kind. But he was so silent. What were his desires, she wondered. Was he perverse? Did he desire something of her she could not give, and so refused to ask? No, she couldn't imagine it. She loved him. She would think of no such thing. She followed the tiles in the ceiling and traced the pictures with her eyes. Whatever man had created the figures there was a brilliant mind. Each image hidden in the patterns was also something else, each single picture actually two, optical illusions hidden away within each other. Enigma was a fascinating quality in decoration, but never people. She closed her eyes and bade sleep to come soon, but it would not. In lieu of rest, the Princess's thoughts turned once again, as always, to the man with his arms around her. Perhaps he doesn't know, she thought to herself mournfully. He is uneducated. But men need no education to know such things! she reasoned. Perhaps such a good man as mine does . The pictures in the tiles danced in front of her tired eyes. They danced with each other, intertwined to the point it was not clear where one ended and another began. Bitterly, she rolled onto her side, breaking free from Tack's grasp for the night. What she would give for the same experience. She could only lie to her father for so long. – \"Nothing, Nanny,\" the Princess admitted tearfully into her tea, sitting up in bed as the morning sun rolled gaily through the high windows. \"He is like my brother. Was it misguided to wed, when we might have adopted him?\" The elderly nurse only blinked understandingly and patted her charge with sympathy. She did not speak, but listened to the girl's worries and sadness. It was heartbreaking to hear. They loved each other so very much. Tack's reluctance to speak put a damper on communication, but they way they looked at each other in secret glances said more about them than a thousand words could. Nanny was sure she understood the problem, but it was not for her to fix. She closed her eyes serenely and told the young Princess openly, \"Speak plainly to your husband, dear. The time for games is past. Even the smooth strength of the palace has not helped.\" Presently, as the Princess dried her tears and finished her tea, the nursemaid instructed her to stay in bed to regain her strength after a poor night's sleep. Nanny took her empty teacup in the general direction of the kitchen. – Tack was trying to step on only the black marble tiles in the hallway floor when Nanny burst in with a teacup in one hand and glowering expression on her face. The cobbler froze and watched her carefully as she marched towards him, burly arms swinging violently. \"You, young man,\" she said, firmly, but too quietly to befit her dramatic entrance, \"are breaking your wife's heart.\" As he stood baffled in the sea of checkered black-and-white, she continued, \"I cannot fathom what happens in your little cobbler mind to keep you so silent and odd all the time. But the time is come to look to your loins, and to behave as any other man with your wife in his bedchamber would.\" Tack was, predictably, silent, but the crestfallen look on his face seemed to indicate that she had gotten through to him. With a huff, the tiny woman scuffled off towards the kitchen, leaving the young cobbler perplexed and alone in his thoughts. –[Chapter 3] Tack sat lightly on the edge of the bed, twiddling his bandaged thumbs as golden evening light fell across them from the bedchamber window. His royal robes were all asunder. He had twisted and torn at them in his worry and distress since that morning. Now they were perhaps ruined, but there were a thousand more from whence they'd come; he closed his eyes and tried not to worry about it. He'd not seen the Princess all day long – not since rising from bed that morning to kiss her lightly on the shoulder and pursue breakfast in the kitchens. After Nanny's bursting in on his idle time with the tile patterns earlier, he'd not been able to find his wife anywhere at all. Now night was on the brink of falling, and he could only lay down on the end of the bed as he waited. He closed his eyes. The Princess, meanwhile, had spent her day somewhat hiding on the castle parapet. She didn't want to be disturbed. Now, though, it was beginning to get dark, and she solemnly made her way up to the palace once again. She paused before her bedchamber door, willing herself to enter to face disappointment again; from the other end of the hall, Nanny watched her silently, feeling sorrow for the young couple. The Princess stood out in front of her room for a decent while, only staring at the patterns in the wood before her. Finally, she sagged her shoulders and entered the room. Tack was sleeping on the end of the bed, she saw. Something about his posture seemed to indicate he'd been waiting for something, but hadn't managed to stay awake long enough. She sadly closed the door behind her and stepped behind her silkscreen to dress herself for sleep. At the sound of the closed door, the cobbler woke. He blinked bemusedly once before snapping to attention and scanning the room. His eyes alighted upon the form of his wife behind her silkscreen, slowly removing her top. He pursed his lips and scooted backwards on the bedspread a tiny amount, only to lay his hand down upon a tack that had fallen from his mouth as he slept. He gave a tiny gasp of pain. At the sound of his movement, the already high-strung Princess whipped her head around the screen. Tack froze as if caught in an unspeakable act. For a moment, they stared right at one another. The cobbler's eyes were wide and innocent; the Princess's, sad and confused. Tack laid his hand back on the bed slowly, having stowed the wayward tack safely in his robe. The Princess watched his hand as it moved and suddenly was struck simply by how lonely she was. That hand, that arm, she wanted all of him so badly, and it seemed that she never would get him. Her lip trembled slightly and she hid herself back behind the curtain as tears began to fall from her eyes and a small sob escaped her lips. Tack was up in a flash. He loped over to her quickly and swept behind the curtain, holding his wife to him as tears fell down her face. She cried quietly into his robes as he held her close, feeling her naked skin beneath his hands. When she looked up, he saw she wore no top, but did not linger on this; his concentration was spent on her eyes, her soul, he imagined. Her troubles, whatever they were, would be his as well. For whatever reason, this only seemed to make the princess more upset. \"Tack,\" she choked, looking unhappy, but when he leaned closer to show he was listening, she pulled away, her chest more visible in the torchlight. \"Don't you feel anything for this?\" she asked tearfully. The cobbler looked heartbroken. He touched her lightly on her shoulder. \" No,\" the Princess said, and sounded almost angry. With a movement, she swept his hand from her shoulder and laid it on her breast instead. Tack froze. His eyes riveted on his hand and where it lay. Her chest rose and fell with each sobbing breath she took. He didn't move for much, much too long. The Princess wondered whether she had broken him. Then, unexpectedly, he turned and walked out from behind the silkscreen with nary a word. The Princess was left crying for a moment longer before she dried her eyes enough to step out from behind the screen herself. Tack was curled on the bed with his back to her, not moving at all. Knowing she should be angry, but not heartless enough to express anger at such a pathetic figure, she crawled up onto the bed behind him, wrapping her arms about his waist as he often did for her at night. The cobbler turned around on his side to face her. He looked ashamed. She wished so much she could do something to ease whatever anxiety he was feeling over this. She closed her eyes for a moment and took a deep breath, swelling her breasts against him. Then she simply held him, tight to her bosom, as in a mother's embrace. They were silent and warm together, eyes closed, breathing deeply each other's scents. Perhaps, the Princess thought, this is what love can be. Perhaps, in our case, this is what love is. I can love without touching. I can love without feeling. Perhaps this is simply how it will always be. Perhaps this is ... But her thoughts came to a pause as she felt a light tickling sensation along her breast. She glanced down and saw, with a swoop in her stomach, Tack, very lightly, very curiously, licking at her teat like a pup. She stared down at him bemusedly; he glanced up and turned bright pink. As their eyes met, then, she was fairly certain she understood something. She saw a lost boy in her arms, scared to touch, scared to feel, too used to the things he loved being taken from him. She saw a simple cobbler, unassuming and hardly about to take anything he was less than one hundred percent sure she was willing to give. She saw a man, strong and brave and sweet, married far above him to a woman he would only have dreamt of in his childhood. She saw her husband, kind and gentle, and she loved him. Whatever he too saw in her eyes at that moment, he finally seemed to understand something of her as well. He was hesitant, but for the very first time, he reached out and touched her of his own volition, and his hand was like a brush of heaven upon her skin. They moved together that evening as the sun set slowly above them. They exposed themselves to one another and laid side-by-side, enjoying the tactile sensations of their skin. Tack was in a state of wonderment at the beautiful creature beside him; the Princess, a state of utter happiness, that finally they both were finding their common ground in their great bed. As the sun gave its last red flare over the darkening horizon, the Princess found herself astride her beloved; they kissed; and when the light finally disappeared to connect the dark land with the sky, they too let themselves connect. In the dark of the night, while the moonlight shone upon the golden city, they moved together, slipping right off the bed down to the floor. They hit the tiles softly, bringing with them the bedcovers in knotted mess all around. On the ground they breathed deep their enjoyment in one another, coming to conclusion, exhausted in their efforts; they patterned themselves with the floor, bodies spread to the greatest, most beautiful geometry they could imagine, falling to the impossible curves of the city and palace. It was their home, it was their love. It was a beautiful woman. Limbs tangled, hair messed, they slept that night as husband and wife, as close as any two people ever could hope. In the morning, Nanny rose to bring breakfast to the Princess, but she and her husband were missing. The bed was made neatly, the torches dutifully extinguished. The old woman gave pause, but left with a silent slippered tap. In the late hours of that morning, in the lush green of the palace gardens, two figures could be seen sitting side-by-side on the banks of the duck pond. They touched only in their joined hands, so any passers-by might think they could be brother and sister; but to see their eyes, in the secret glances they spared each other, anyone would know better. Brother and sister, husband and wife, mother and son; all love in this world was theirs, as held in those happy glimpses back and forth between each other's eyes. The golden city echoed with morning birdsong. \"I love you,\" said the Princess. \"I love you,\" said the cobbler. (Seriously, though, go to YouTube to watch the original movie, and see what might have been.) ","Summary":" Last night, I watched The Thie f and the Cobbler for the first time since I was about four years ol"},{"Movie":"Thief and the Cobbler","Title":"In Need of a Cobbler","Author":"Ayala Atreides","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7138474","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi! New to this fandom, such as it is. I'm sad that this movie doesn't have a bigger fandom! So sad. But I just saw the Recobbled Cut a few days ago and I'm in love with this movie! So I wrote this! :D I guess this counts as an AU. I fiddled with the timeline and sequence of events to give Tack and Yum-Yum a bit more time together in the palace. As much as I love the movie (the Recobbled Cut, that is), the one thing I think it really needed was more development between the two of them. Their relationship is adorable, but they don't really have that much screen time together. I wanted to explore their relationship a bit further, hence this fic! Basically, we're just going to pretend that it took the Thief a day or two longer to steal the golden balls, okay? Maybe he got distracted by some other bits of shiny along the way, hmm? ;) Also, I wrote most of this while listening to the Aladdin soundtrack. HA HA HA. IN NEED OF A COBBLER Princess Yum-Yum sighed quietly as she watched the polo game. She bit into the pear in her hand, chewing listlessly. She wasn't particularly fond of polo, anyway—she liked watching the horses run round, but the game itself bored her. And the game was especially boring today; she had more important issues on her mind. She leaned over the side of her plush chair, towards King Nod. He was, as usual, asleep. \"Father?\" she called. \"Father!\" Her sleepy father woke from his doze with a start. \"Do you know where my cobbler has gone to?\" she asked him. \"What? No, er… isn't he with you? Fixing your shoe?\" the old king asked. From the king's other side, Yum-Yum saw Grand Vizier Zigzag stifle a laugh behind one bony hand. Irritation rose within her at the sight, but she ignored him. \"He seems to have… vanished,\" Yum-Yum murmured, sinking back into her chair again. And then, predictably, Zigzag quickly diverted King Nod's attention back to the game. The king drifted off once more and Zigzag took the opportunity to grin at Yum-Yum over the old man's chair. She glared at him, but he just kept leering at her. \"Eugh,\" she groaned, then twisted and hurled her half-eaten pear at him. The old creep ducked it easily. \"Ha ha!\" he crowed. She rolled her eyes and turned back to the game. But her mind quickly wandered to her missing cobbler. She bit back a smile as she thought of the pale, handsome young man she'd met the day before. He was so strange! He never spoke, not even once. He'd just sat there on the floor, working on her slipper and occasionally smiling shyly at her. Tack was nothing like Zigzag; the old Vizier would ogle her the way his ugly pet bird would eye a slab of raw meat, and it never failed to make her feel like she needed a bath to scrub herself clean. But when Tack looked at her with those wide, blue eyes, she only saw kindness—and, dare she hope, perhaps some longing? He'd certainly been blushing often enough (and so had she, to be honest). And then there was the lovely heart shape he'd woven onto her shoe! Where in the world could he have gone to? she wondered. Yum-Yum was eager to spend more time with him, but she couldn't very well do that if he was missing. She resolved to look for him after the match. She was a bit worried for the cobbler. She knew that Zigzag wanted to get rid of him, and she feared what he might do when Tack was done fixing her slipper. I have to find him, to protect him from Zigzag! If she could, she'd have left the match early to begin her search; but no, that wouldn't do at all. She was a princess, and she had to maintain appearances. So she forced herself to stay seated and keep her eyes on the game. If there was one thing Princess Yum-Yum knew very well, it was how to maintain appearances. She'd spent her whole life immersed in the boring politics of the royal court. So she put on a placid smile and pretended to enjoy the game. But behind her well-trained mask, her mind was whirling. She needed to find a way to keep Tack out of Zigzag's claws—and an excuse to keep him by her side a while longer! That night, Princess Yum-Yum gratefully returned to the privacy of her summer bedchamber. She'd been playing the gracious hostess to various nobles all day long, sitting politely by King Nod's side and smiling until her cheeks hurt. But now, at least, she would have some privacy. This bedchamber was her sanctuary, where no one could enter without her permission. It had been built especially for her—a round bed sat on a marble dais in the middle of a white-tiled courtyard. She had the night sky for a ceiling, with all its shining stars. High walls surrounded the courtyard on all sides, with a rose-covered trellis at the gate. She sank down onto her bed with a sigh. She'd hardly had any time to search for Tack! There had been a couple of hours before dinner where she'd had nothing to do, and she'd used them to question every guard, servant, and cook she could find. None of them had seen the cobbler. She was surprised at how much she missed Tack's company. She hardly knew the man! And yet here she was, turning the palace upside-down looking for him. Well, at least there was a bit of good news: she'd come up with her plan. She smiled to herself and retrieved a cotton bag from the steps of the dais. She untied it and upended it onto her bed; a pile of fine slippers spilled out, their colors deep and muted in the moonlight. Humming softly, she settled down next to the heap and picked up one of the slippers. It was quite pretty, made of emerald green silk and embroidered with golden thread in intricate designs; elegant birds and exotic plants decorated its sides and toe. She admired it for a moment, then grasped it between both hands and snapped the thin wooden sole in half. Such a shame, to have to ruin something so lovely, but it was only a slipper. She tossed it aside and the matching shoe quickly met the same fate as its mate. Another pair of broken slippers joined the pile, and then another pair, and another. Yum-Yum smiled to herself as she worked her way through all of the shoes. Now Tack would have more than adequate reason to stay at the palace! Her cheeks flushed pink. All she had to do was find him… Yum-Yum yawned as she tossed the last shoe onto the pile. It was getting quite late. She stretched her arms and then curled up on her soft, cozy bed, nestling against her pillow. But sleep wouldn't come easily that night—she'd scarcely closed her eyes when her bed started shuddering and undulating. She sat up as the wolves rose around the edges of the bed to attack the intruder, and she gasped at what she saw: standing on the bed was a bizarre man huddled beneath a filthy cloak. He greedily clutched her broken shoes in his thin, bony hands, his yellow eyes staring out at her from beneath a white and red skullcap. There was a cloud of flies buzzing around his head. He hardly even looked human! \"Thief?\" she mumbled sleepily. Then her wits returned to her. \"Thief! Stop, thief!\" she cried as the creature scampered off her bed and ran towards the door. She flew off the bed as well and dashed after the thief. She caught up to him quickly and delivered a solid kick to his rear. The thief dropped the slippers and bolted out into the shadowy night, waving his stick-like arms frantically. Yum-Yum let out an annoyed huff as she gathered the scattered slippers, putting them back in the cotton bag for now. The wolves had retreated now that the intruder was gone. As Yum-Yum sank back down onto her bed, her mind returned to the subject that had occupied her thoughts all day: Tack. Where could he have gone to? she wondered once again. The longer he was gone, the more she worried, remembering how much Zigzag seemed to resent his presence. And then a terrible thought occurred to her: What if Zigzag was behind Tack's sudden disappearance? The thought send fear spiraling through her. There was no telling what the Grand Vizier would do to the gentle cobbler. He might have just sent Tack away, but then again… She sprang up from her bed again and threw a silk robe on over her nightclothes. If her suspicions were right, then she couldn't wait until morning to resume her search. Besides, she'd never be able to sleep now anyway. As she left her bedchamber, she decided to go to the dungeon first. It was as likely a place to start as any other. A shudder went through Yum-Yum as she descended the stone steps into the damp, cold dungeon. She hugged her arms tightly around herself, as her robe did little to keep out the chill. Her soft footfalls echoed off the stone walls, mixing with the squeaks of rats. Luckily, she'd never been afraid of rats or mice. There was another sound drifting through the dungeon as well, growing louder: the harsh squawking of a vulture and an all-too familiar male voice, though she couldn't make out his words. Yum-Yum's fists clenched in fury and she broke into a run, charging down a second flight of steps. The old Vizier started laughing as the squawking reached a fever pitch. Yum-Yum sprinted around a corner and shouted in horror at the sight that met her eyes—Zigzag stood before the half-open door of a cell, gripping the lead line of a thrashing vulture. Feathers flew everywhere as the bird lunged into the cell. Tack! she thought, fear pushing her anger aside. \"Zigzag!\" Yum-Yum exclaimed. The Vizier spun around, startled. \"I order you to stop, this instant!\" The words were barely out of her mouth when she heard a loud, metallic clang from inside the cell, the sound of iron hitting stone. The vulture let out a frightened shriek and scrabbled backwards. Yum-Yum smirked. Zigzag recovered his wits, yanked the bird out of the cell, and pushing the heavy door shut with his foot. The old creep smiled in what he clearly believed to be a charming manner. \"Princess, gentle of heart and fair of face! What brings you to this dreadful place?\" he crooned, spreading his bony hands. His vulture screeched and screamed behind him, scratching at the cell door with its talons. She knew that Tack wasn't exactly talkative, but the silence from his cell was still unnerving. She had to get Zigzag out of here as soon as possible. Yum-Yum glared at the Vizier. \"Your disobedience,\" she replied coldly. \"The cobbler is my guest in this palace, and he will be treated as such! You had no right to put him in this cell.\" \"Ah, Princess, but you forget!\" Zigzag said gleefully. \"This peasant attacked me, and hasn't been punished yet. He is a criminal, not a guest! We must treat him like all the rest. He must face justice for his offense—and so, you see, I've brought Phido hence. The punishment will be severe, among other things, carried out on my loyal bird's wings. Eh, Phido?\" he added to the bird, grinning at it. Phido ignored him and continued lashing out at the cell door. But Yum-Yum just smiled, unconcerned. \"He shall carry out his sentence in service to me. I still need a cobbler,\" she said. Zigzag's smile faltered. \"Fairest lady, we must not—\" \"Enough! Return to your tower at once, Zigzag,\" Yum-Yum said angrily. Suddenly, a royal summons rang through the palace, calling the Grand Vizier to the throne room. For just a second, a dark look passed over Zigzag's face. Then he hid it away and flashed another of his loopy grins. \"Ah, affairs of state!\" he said. \"It seems that justice shall have to wait. Good night, dear Princess, go and rest your head. It's late, and past time you went to bed.\" He yanked on the lead line, pulling that awful bird away and up the dungeon stairs. Yum-Yum waited until they were out of sight and then ran to the cell door. She grasped the rough wood and heaved on it, hauling it open. \"Tack, are you all right?\" she asked, alarmed. She peered into the darkness and saw Tack sitting on the wooden bench at the back of the cell. He looked up and smiled widely, the two tacks held between his lips swinging upward as she stepped into the cell. \"That horrible bird didn't hurt you, did it?\" she asked anxiously. The cobbler shook his head, tapped his foot against the iron ball that was chained to his shackle, and made a dropping motion. Yum-Yum chuckled. Her worry faded away, replaced by relief that he was all right. \"If only you could have thrown it at Zigzag instead,\" she said wryly. Tack nodded fervently, frowning. The tacks drooped downward. He glanced towards the floor, tugging his ankle against the shackle clamped around it. \"Oh, no!\" Yum-Yum cried. \"I don't have the keys!\" But Tack didn't seem worried. He leaned forward, plucked one of the tacks from between his lips, and deftly picked the lock. The remaining tack shifted from one side of his mouth to the other as he worked. After a moment, the manacle fell away and Tack stood up, returning the tack to its usual place. As he did so, there was a soft squeaking from beneath the bench. Tack spun around and knelt down, reaching into the shadows. He rose with a white rat cupped in the palms of his hands. The tacks lifted up again as he smiled at the little creature. He turned back to Yum-Yum and held his hands out. \"I see you've met a new friend in here,\" she commented, giggling. \"It's adorable!\" She reached out and stroked its tiny head with the tip of her forefinger. It squeaked again and looked up at her with ruby red eyes. Tack gently tucked the little rat into one of his many pockets. \"Come on, let's leave,\" Yum-Yum suggested, shivering. \"It's so cold down here.\" Tack nodded and followed her out of the cell. They left the dungeon side by side. As they moved through the palace, Yum-Yum felt happier than she had all day. She kept stealing sideways glances at the cobbler, watching him as he walked. And she could see Tack peeking at her from the corner of her eye. Their gazes met and Tack blushed, averting his eyes. Yum-Yum felt her own face redden as well. She smiled to herself and looked down at the intricate mosaics on the floor. \"I hope you weren't stuck in that awful cell for too long,\" she said eventually. Tack shook his head and then pulled something out of yet another pocket—it was a metal file! \"You were going to escape!\" she exclaimed, and then she chuckling again. \"It seems that old Zigzag underestimated you!\" Tack shrugged modestly and the tacks swung to the left side of his mouth. The file disappeared into his pocket again. \"Where would you have gone if you had escaped?\" Yum-Yum asked. She had a sudden image in her mind of Tack wandering through the palace, lost amid its many winding halls. He smiled shyly at her and his cheeks turned red. Then he looked away, twiddling his bandaged thumbs. Yum-Yum blushed again as well when she realized what he was trying to convey—that he would have gone to find her. Then she remembered her plan and spoke up again. \"Would you please stay at the palace a while longer? I have more shoes that need to be fixed,\" she said. He nodded quickly, his blue eyes lighting up. \"Good!\" she said happily. She led him to an arched doorway on the floor beneath her usual bedchamber. \"This is one of the guest quarters,\" she explained. \"You can sleep here tonight. In the morning, you're welcome to join Father and me for breakfast.\" Tack's eyes widened and his tacks swung straight down. Yum-Yum couldn't help but giggle a little. The cobbler had probably never imagined that he'd ever sit at the King's breakfast table! Yum-Yum stifled a yawn. It was very late by now. \"Well, we should both get some sleep,\" she said. Tack nodded slowly, but then their eyes met and they both continued to stand there for a moment. Finally, Yum-Yum took a step away. \"Good night, Tack,\" she said softly. Tack lifted one pale hand in a wave, wiggling his long fingers at her, his tacks swinging sideways in a half smile. Yum-Yum turned and walked back down the hallway. She paused at the corner and glanced over her shoulder; Tack was still standing there, watching her leave. He waved once more, then turned and ducked through the curtained doorway. The corners of her lips curled upward and she quietly walked back to her summer bedchamber. Yum-Yum shed her robe as she entered her bedchamber. She sank down onto her bed and sighed again—but this time, she sighed out of happiness. There's Chapter 1! Please do review and tell me your thoughts! ^_^ Here's a relevant song for this fic! This could practically be Tack and Yum-Yum's theme song: \"He Plays the Violin\", from the musical 1776. h t t p : / / www. youtube. com/ watch ?v=nopoNkjV5NI[Chapter 2] IN NEED OF A COBBLER—Chapter 2 The next morning, Princess Yum-Yum took extra care in readying herself for the day. Usually, her nanny helped her, but today she wanted to do it herself. She brushed out her thick, black hair until it gleamed and then settled her diadem onto her head, arranging the long veil that hung down her back. Then she put on her jewelry and settled her gauzy face-veil in place. \"Breakfast is ready, m'dear,\" Nanny said from the doorway of the dressing room. \"Thank you, Nanny,\" Yum-Yum said. She gave her appearance one last scrutinizing glance in the mirror, adjusted her veil, and then walked over to the old woman. \"Oh, Nanny, the cobbler is sleeping in the guest bedchamber one floor down, at the end of the hall. Would you please go and get him? I invited him to have breakfast with us today.\" She'd have gone herself, but she had to maintain some level of propriety. \"Of course, m'dear,\" Nanny said. Yum-Yum smiled at her kindly caretaker and planted a kiss on her wrinkled cheek. \"You seem very cheerful this morning. It's to do with that young man, isn't it?\" she commented, her brown eyes twinkling behind her thick glasses. Yum-Yum blushed and Nanny chuckled as they left the dressing room. While Nanny went to fetch Tack, Yum-Yum made her way to the terrace where she and her father took their private meals. It was a tranquil space, decorated with beautiful mosaics and fragrant flowers. Aside from the royal family, only a few others were allowed to dine there, including her nanny and, unfortunately, Zigzag. The Grand Vizier was mercifully absent that morning, but King Nod's new concubine wasn't. Yum-Yum restrained herself from rolling her eyes at the sight of the bright pink palanquin behind her father's seat. Sultry giggles emanated from behind the silk curtains and this time, she did roll her eyes. To be honest, Yum-Yum found the whole concept of a concubine to be fairly degrading. \"Good morning, Father,\" she said, pushing aside her annoyance and approaching the table, which was already laden with food. Yum-Yum settled down onto a green linen cushion in her usual place, at her father's right hand. King Nod awoke with a start and glanced blearily up at her. \"Oh… good morning, Yum-Yum,\" he mumbled, his eyelids drooping again. A shapely hand emerged from the palanquin's curtains and stroked the old king's shoulder. \"I've invited Tack to join us today,\" she said. She reached over to the closest platter and took some flatbread and goat cheese. \"Er, yes… who, my darling?\" he asked. He woke up a bit as he suddenly seemed to notice the wide variety of food arrayed before him. \"The cobbler, Father,\" she reminded him patiently. \"Yes, well… you, er, found him, then?\" the king asked. Yum-Yum smiled. \"Yes, Father,\" she said. \"Ah, er, very good.\" He turned his attention to his meal. Yum-Yum ate her flatbread, waiting impatiently. Finally, she heard a familiar sound from the doorway behind her—Nanny's quiet humming and murmuring. Yum-Yum stood up quickly and turned around in time to see Nanny walk in with Tack following behind her. Nanny went right to her seat at the table, but Tack hesitated in the arched doorway, looking like he wasn't quite sure what to do with himself. The tacks in his mouth shifted uncertainly. Then his gaze landed on her and his mood seemed to lighten, his hunched shoulders straightening slightly. Yum-Yum beamed and walked over to him. \"Good morning, Tack!\" she said. He smiled in return, tacks swinging apart into an arrow shape as he waved at her. \"Did you sleep well?\" she asked. Tack nodded and then tilted his head at her. \"I slept very well, thank you,\" she replied, guessing at his meaning. His widened smile confirmed it and she felt a small surge of satisfaction; she was beginning to understand him better. \"Come on, sit with me,\" she said, gesturing to the table. Tack paused again as they walked over to the table, his eyes fixed on King Nod. He sketched an awkward, uneasy bow, which the King acknowledged with a mumble and a bleary-eyed glance. The cobbler shrugged, as if to himself, and then followed Yum-Yum to their seats. She sat down again and Tack perched on the cushion next to hers. He studied the food-laden platters on the table for a moment. Then, in a single, smooth motion, he reached out and took a pear from the nearest one. Yum-Yum's eyes followed his hand and a smile tugged the corners of her mouth. There was a strange sort of contradiction between Tack's hands and his feet; he seemed prone to clumsiness, but his hands moved so gracefully. Tack then plucked the tacks from between his lips and tucked them into a pocket somewhere, and Yum-Yum couldn't help but laugh. \"I was beginning to wonder if you ever removed those things,\" she commented teasingly. Tack smiled wryly and gestured airily with his free hand, and then he blushed a little and ducked his head. Yum-Yum's heart fluttered—it was the first time she'd seen Tack smile without the ever-present tacks in his mouth, and it was something she dearly hoped she could see more often. She quickly busied herself with a cluster of grapes from the platter as her cheeks flushed red. Yum-Yum's nanny caught her eye over the table and gave her a knowing look, making her redden even more. A few minutes later, a quiet squeak drew her attention. Yum-Yum looked over just in time to see the white rat pop its head out of a pocket over Tack's chest, blinking its beady, red eyes. Tack stopped in the midst of reaching for a piece of flatbread and glanced down at the rodent. It sank its claws into the rough-spun fabric of Tack's patched-up shirt and clambered up to his shoulder. Yum-Yum giggled at the sight. Tack's eyes widened and he grabbed the rat, shooting a nervous glance at King Nod. The old man was dozing off again and didn't notice. Nanny noticed, though. \"Oh!\" she exclaimed. The old woman squinted through her glasses. \"Is that a kitten of some sort?\" \"Yes, Nanny,\" Yum-Yum said quickly, stifling a laugh behind her fingers. Tack placed the rat on the ground next to his cushion and took some grapes from the platter. He swiftly removed each of the fruits from their stem and placed them in front of the rat. The little creature squeaked again and grabbed one of the purple fruits, sitting up on its haunches to nibble at its food. After breakfast, Yum-Yum lead Tack to a garden courtyard adjacent to her summer bedchamber. She'd had a servant bring her broken shoes there earlier that morning; she had decided that if Tack was going to spend the whole day working, he might as well have someplace pleasant to do it. And this garden was one of the most beautiful places in the palace. And besides, here she'd have an excuse to stay close to the cobbler as he worked. Unlike the rest of the palace grounds, which were kept by the royal gardeners, these flowers were tended to by Yum-Yum herself. \"Well, here we are,\" she said as they stepped through the arched doorway and into the garden. Tack stared around in amazement, then turned to her with a huge smile; the tacks swung wide, back in their usual place. \"You like it here, then?\" she asked, amused. He nodded vigorously. \"I'm glad! Now, my shoes are over here…\" She brought him to the center of the garden, where the heap of broken shoes sat next to a trickling fountain. Tack's eyes went wide as he stared at the pile. He turned his shocked gaze towards Yum-Yum, who clasped her hands behind her back and schooled her face into the very picture of innocence. \"These silk slippers are so fragile,\" she said lightly. \"They break under the slightest exertion!\" Tack raised one eyebrow at her, the tacks shifting sideways in a half-smile. He clearly wasn't buying a word of it. Obviously, though, neither of them minded the lie. The cobbler sat down with his back to the fountain, folding his long legs in front of him with his feet pressed together. He picked up the first slipper and balanced it atop the curled toes of his sandals. Yum-Yum watched with interest as he dug various odds and ends out of his pockets—including the rat, which scurried down his torso, down onto his leg, and curled up on his right knee. Yum-Yum busied herself with her flowers, filling a watering can with water from the fountain and going around from one plant to the next. But she stayed near Tack, watching him from the corner of her eye. She found it difficult not to, really. The quick, steady movements of his hands were mesmerizing, and again she saw a contrast—this time, between the awkward, hunched posture of his body and the sureness of his fingers. She wasn't the only one having trouble focusing on their work; just like the night before, Tack kept glancing her way. There was a certain curiosity in his gaze—and again, was she just imagining the longing in his eyes? She hoped not. Yum-Yum smirked to herself as this game of theirs went on. They seemed to be developing a pattern, here. It had been the same way when Tack was first brought to the palace, just a day and a half ago: then, as now, they had stolen glances at one another while Yum-Yum arranged flowers and Tack fixed her shoe (which she had also broken on purpose). And then, as now, they had both blushed whenever their eyes met. As the morning went by, Yum-Yum found it harder and harder to concentrate on her flowers. She wanted to know more about her mysterious cobbler, but that wasn't going to be easy if he wouldn't talk… or if he couldn't . She wondered, not for the first time, if he was actually mute. Or perhaps he simply didn't like talking. Perhaps he was too shy to speak. Well, if he wouldn't speak, then she'd just have to keep learning how to understand him in his own way. Turning away from trimming a rosebush, she walked over to Tack. He glanced up at her and his hands went still. \"Do you mind if I sit here and watch?\" she asked. Tack shook his head and went back to his work as she sat down next to him. He smiled suddenly and turned towards her, holding up the slipper in his hands. His fingers moved more slowly, letting her follow his actions while he stitched torn silk back together. Yum-Yum smiled as well, realizing he was giving her a lesson in cobbling. After a few minutes, he held up the finished slipper with a flourish that made her giggle behind her hand. He set it down atop a pile of four other completed slippers. Her smile dimmed slightly. \"You certainly work quickly,\" she commented. Tack nodded, glanced at the five slippers, and then did a double take. He looked at the heap of broken slippers, then back at the finished five. The tacks in his mouth swung downward in a frown. He picked up a sixth shoe, but he proceeded much more slowly than before. Aha, Yum-Yum thought. Unless she missed her guess, Tack had reached the same conclusion that she had—that their time together would be up as soon as his work here was finished. Yum-Yum pushed the thought out of her head for now. Midday came and Yum-Yum called a servant to bring them lunch. As they ate, she contemplated how to go about solving the mystery of the silent cobbler. Finally, she decided on a question to ask. \"How long have you been a cobbler, Tack?\" she asked him. He paused with a piece of flatbread halfway to his mouth, lowering it as he considered the question. Then he smiled abruptly, put the flatbread back on the tray, and dug around in his pockets. He brought out a long loop of golden-yellow string. The two tacks went back in his mouth and he draped the string around his hands. His fingers flew in a pale blur as he wove the string in between them. Every so often he would bring his hands up to his mouth and use the tacks to pull on the string, tilting his head this way and that. Yum-Yum leaned forward, fascinated. Soon enough, he held his hands apart and an image took shape in the golden string: it was a bundled shape, like that of a baby wrapped in blankets. He held the image up next to his face. \"That's you?\" Yum-Yum asked. Tack nodded and collapsed the shape. His fingers flew again and the tacks went back to work, and another picture emerged between his hands; this time, it was the bearded, square-jawed face of a man. \"Your father?\" she guessed. Tack frowned and shook his head. He quickly formed another string picture, this time of a shoe. \"Oh, I see, he was a cobbler. But not your father…\" She put the pieces together quickly. \"This man took you in as a baby?\" Tack nodded. He looked fondly at the string image, clearly reflecting on happy memories. \"What about your parents?\" she asked. Tack shrugged, his eyes downcast. Yum-Yum gasped, bringing her hand to her mouth. \"Oh,\" she said softly. He'd been an orphan. \"I'm so sorry, Tack. I hope I didn't upset you by asking.\" Tack gave her a reassuring smile and shook his head again. He spun another picture with his swift fingers, shifting his hands so that one hovered above the other and twisting the string into the shape of a small child. He moved his hands apart and the string-child grew taller. Yum-Yum laughed, amazed by his skill with the string. He wove the shape of a shoe again and she understood. \"This cobbler made you his apprentice when you grew older,\" she guessed. Tack nodded again. The face of the bearded man reappeared, but his face looked thinner and more haggard this time. Tack frowned again and collapsed the image, the tacks in his mouth pointing downward. \"He died,\" she whispered. The sadness on Tack's face confirmed it. Then he wove the shape of a building and held it up above his head. \"You inherited his shoemaking shop?\" she ventured. Tack smiled thinly. Then he stuffed the string back in his pocket and spread his hands wide. Done with his tale, he looked questioningly at her and inclined his head. \"You want to know my story?\" she asked. Tack's smile widened. \"Well, there isn't much to say, really,\" she admitted. \"I've spent my whole life here in this palace. I pass my time reading in the royal library, tending to this garden, riding my horses… things of that sort. My mother died when I was very young—she became ill shortly after my birth. My nanny raised me in her stead.\" Tack's shoulders sank and he gave her a sympathetic look; he understood her loss. But Yum-Yum pushed away the dark memories. \"Well, I think that's enough sad stories for today,\" she said dryly. Tack nodded his agreement, rolling his eyes slightly. \"I have an idea. Let's take a walk after lunch. You can finish your work later,\" Yum-Yum suggested. Tack's eyes lit up a little and he nodded again, looking relieved at the prospect of a break. They quickly finished eating, Tack making sure to feed his rat, and then they left the garden. \"Hmm, now, where shall we go?\" she mused to herself as they strolled down the hallway from the garden. \"Oh, I know!\" She turned to Tack with a mischievous smile. \"Have you ever ridden a horse before?\" Tack stared blankly at her.[Chapter 3] Sorry for the delay! I've been juggling several different projects lately. IN NEED OF A COBBLER—Chapter 3 Tack stared around in amazement as Yum-Yum led him into the royal stables. Even the King's horses lived in luxury! The building itself was just as lavish as the rest of the palace, with colorful mosaics, shaded walkways, and high ceilings. The horses all stood in roomy stalls lined up against the walls. The whole place had a sort of musty smell, but Tack was used to that. His cobbling shop was pretty dusty, too. Glancing sideways, he saw that Princess Yum-Yum looked perfectly happy here. Her bright purple eyes were all lit up in excitement. The stable attendants all bowed respectfully to her as they passed by, but they shot looks at Tack that were mostly either suspicious or confused. He wasn't really bothered by them, though. The Princess wanted him here, and that was the most important thing. He stole another look at her, admiring the gracefulness of her walk and the subtle sway of her hips. They walked through a beam of sunlight, streaming down from a high window; it cast a golden glow on her skin for just a second. \"Ah, here we are!\" Yum-Yum said, leading Tack to one particular stall. A reddish-brown horse stuck its head out over the low stall door. It snorted and made a shrill noise, tossing its head up and down. Yum-Yum walked right up to the animal and stroked its soft-looking muzzle. \"This is Amira; she's one of my favorites,\" the Princess explained. Tack eyed the horse warily, but the horse didn't seem to share the feeling. It just looked curiously at him. They stared at each other for a moment, and then the horse let out another shrill sound, thrust its neck out, and sank its yellowed teeth into the floppy top of Tack's cap. Yum-Yum gasped and Tack's hands shot up to grab the hat's earflaps. He held on tight, struggling to keep it on his head, but the horse wouldn't let go! Tack's eyes narrowed and he let go with one hand to swat at the animal's snout. \"Amira, stop that!\" Yum-Yum cried. The horse made a plaintive sound and let go. Tack stumbled backwards, wheeling his arms to keep his balance. He regained his footing and glared at the horse. Yum-Yum pressed her hand to her mouth, trying to stifle a laugh. Tack couldn't blame her; he could only imagine how silly he looked. His hat was sitting sideways on his head, covering one eye and leaving one ear showing. And his hair was probably sticking out all over the place. He most likely would have laughed, too, if he could see his reflection. \"Sorry, Tack,\" Yum-Yum said sheepishly. \"I can't imagine what possessed her to do that!\" Tack gave her a smile and waved his hand dismissively, then went to straighten his cap. Before he could, though, Yum-Yum did something that surprised him. \"Here, let me,\" she offered, stepping a bit closer to him. He froze with his hands halfway to his hat and stared at her. She just looked back with a smile on her lovely, tan face. Her cheeks were a little flushed. Tack slowly lowered his hands back down to his sides. Yum-Yum reached up and tugged the cap back into place, then smoothed back all the tufts of hair that were poking out from under it. Her soft fingertips kept brushing against his face, and every time, his heart thudded in his chest. Yum-Yum lowered her hands and stepped back with a nod. \"There,\" she said. He smiled his thanks at her, hoping his face wasn't as red as he felt it was. \"Amira can be rather spirited at times,\" Yum-Yum said. \"Let's find a more docile horse for you.\" He was a bit puzzled at that, until he realized what she meant; she'd been serious when she'd asked him if he'd ever ridden a horse. Tack followed her as she led him away from the stall. He was sort of nervous; he hadn't ridden a horse before, obviously. He was just a cobbler—why would he be riding horses? Only noblemen had them. (Well, some farmers had them, too, but most of the farmers he'd seen had donkeys and camels instead.) Still, he was also looking forward to it. He'd always wondered what riding a horse would be like. The Princess brought him to another stall further down. This one had a brown horse inside it. The animal's ears swung forward as they stopped in front of the stall, and it looked at them with much gentler eyes. \"Her name is Aisha,\" Yum-Yum explained, giving Tack an encouraging smile. \"Don't worry, she's much less high-spirited than Amira. I don't think she'll try to attack your hat,\" she added teasingly. Tack chuckled silently and then eyed the horse. It made no move to grab anything, so he walked up to the door and held his hand up to its nose. It sniffed at him, its large nostrils flaring. He gathered up his courage and put his fingertips against its muzzle. Its fur was surprisingly soft and silky, and very warm. He patted its nose, smiling. The horse made a quiet sound. \"Would you like to try riding this one?\" Yum-Yum asked. Tack turned to her, chewing on the ends of his tacks as he thought about it. Then he nodded and Yum-Yum gave him an excited grin. \"Good!\" She waved at a stable attendant sweeping at the end of the hall. The servant came over quickly. \"Yes, Princess?\" he asked, bowing. \"Please groom and saddle this horse for my guest,\" she said. \"And saddle Amira as well.\" \"Yes, Princess.\" The attendant took a piece of rope headgear from a peg next to the stall, went inside, and put the rope thing around Aisha's head. \"Come on, we'll wait by the riding ring,\" Yum-Yum said to Tack. She took his hand, surprising him again, and led him out of the stables. A short time later, Tack found himself facing a particular problem: getting on a horse's back. The brown horse stood in front of him, with a servant holding its head to keep it still, and he was supposed to climb up into its saddle. He tilted his head back, looking up at the animal. It seemed much taller now than it had when it had been in its stall. Yum-Yum rode by on her own horse, the high-strung reddish-brown one. \"Just remember what I told you, Tack. You'll be all right!\" she called down to him. Yes, she'd tried to tell him all about this riding stuff while they were waiting for their horses to be saddled up. Left foot first, she'd said… Tack grabbed the ridge at the front of the saddle with his left hand and lifted his left foot high, trying to shove it into the stirrup. Instead, he just poked the horse's ribs with the toe of his sandal. The horse neighed at him. Tack let go of the ridge and grabbed the stirrup, thrusting his foot into it. He hopped on his right foot, grabbing at the saddle as he scrambled up. His foot slipped out of the stirrup and he slid down, then pushed off the ground and hauled himself up. Finally, after lots of flailing around, he was up and sitting astride the horse's back! He stared down at the horse, wondering what in the world he as supposed to do next. Yum-Yum rode up next to him, smiling widely behind her thin veil. She seemed very natural riding her horse, sitting up tall and proud in the saddle with her hair and veils fluttering in the wind. She looked… well, she looked like royalty! \"Well, what do you think?\" she asked lightly, smiling widely. Tack shrugged, still looking down at the horse's neck. He picked up the reins, remembering that he was supposed to steer with them. \"Just tap her sides with your heels, then she'll walk for you,\" she reminded him. Cautiously, Tack tapped the heels of his sandals against the horse's ribs. Sure enough, the horse set off at a slow pace, plodding along calmly. Tack smiled; this was easier than he'd thought it would be! He relaxed in the saddle, taking one hand off the reins to pat the side of the horse's neck. Then he saw something strange from the corner of his eye—a dark, huddled shape sneaking along outside the riding ring and looking at Tack and his horse with huge, yellowed eyes. The bizarre person looked familiar somehow… Tack's eyes widened. It was that thief! And then the horse saw the thief, too (or maybe it smelled him). It jerked its head up, ears lying flat back against its head, and it let out a piercing shriek. And then it whirled around and ran! \"Tack!\" Yum-Yum cried. He caught a flash of her shocked expression as the horse flew past her, hurtling across the riding ring. Tack clung precariously in the saddle as the horse ran, his elbows flapping up and down wildly and the wind whipping past his face. His heart pounded in his ears. The fence around the ring was coming up fast! \"The reins, Tack! Pull back on the reins!\" Yum-Yum shouted. Tack hauled on the reins and the horse skidded to a stop. He lurched forward over the horse's neck, barely staying in the saddle, and then fell back onto the seat with a thud. All he could do was sit there in amazement. He looked up at the sound of hoofbeats and saw Yum-Yum riding over to him. \"Are you all right?\" she asked anxiously, pulling her horse up next to his. Tack stared at her for a moment, and then a wide smile spread over his face. He thrust his fists into the air and then grabbed the reins, turning the horse around. He nudged it with his heels until the horse got going at a slower run. Behind him, he could hear Yum-Yum laughing. She caught up to him and their horses ran side by side. Later that afternoon… \"It's just a bit further,\" Yum-Yum said over her shoulder, leading Tack down another winding hallway. She'd spent the better part of the afternoon showing him around the palace, and now there was one place left to go. \"This is the best place in the palace to watch the sunset,\" she explained, glancing back at him. Tack smiled patiently at her and she couldn't help but smile in return. They passed through the very same garden where he'd been working earlier; her shoes still sat by the fountain. Glancing back again, she saw a puzzled look on Tack's face. But then she led him to an arched doorway along the western side of the garden. When she paused at the threshold, he tilted his head in a questioning way and she gestured eagerly for him to go through first. He did, cautiously walking out beyond the doorway. Yum-Yum followed and came around to stand next to him, just in time to catch his reaction. His puzzlement turned to wide-eyed amazement and Yum-Yum beamed in satisfaction. They stood on a wide, curved balcony on the western side of the palace, looking out over the Golden City. Its streets and buildings gleamed in the setting sun. Tack turned towards her, his face alight with excitement. Then he rushed over to the edge of the balcony for a better view. Yum-Yum chuckled and walked after him, leaning against the carved balustrade as he took in the magnificent sight of the Golden City at sunset. After a moment, he suddenly thrust a long, thin finger outward, jabbing emphatically with it. Yum-Yum realized he was pointing to a wide, checker-tiled square off to the right. \"Is that where you live?\" she asked. \"That's where your shop is?\" Tack nodded enthusiastically and turned back to look out over the city again. His pale hands settled on the stone balustrade. Yum-Yum smiled again as she tried to imagine what sort of place Tack would live in. She wished she could see it for herself! If Tack would agree to show her, perhaps she could convince her father to let her go… They stood in silence, watching the sun sink towards the horizon. Yum-Yum's gaze flickered down to Tack's hand, resting on the balustrade. It was an awfully tempting thought… She pulled her eye away. But that didn't last long. After a moment's debate, she decided that propriety was vastly overrated. She slid her own hand over and lightly placed it atop his. Tack glanced down sharply, his eyes widening again. The tacks in his mouth moved sideways. Then the tacks swung up in a shy smile and he curled his long, warm fingers around hers. His bandaged thumb brushed gently over the back of her much smaller hand. Yum-Yum's heart fluttered and she returned his smile. They watched the sun descend out of sight, their fingers twined together. The sound of footsteps in the garden broke the spell of the moment. \"Princess?\" called a familiar voice. It was Amaris, Yum-Yum's maid. She reluctantly dropped Tack's hand and turned to face the doorway. Amaris stopped in the threshold and bowed. \"Princess, supper is ready,\" the maid said. \"Thank you, Amaris,\" Yum-Yum said. The maid bowed even lower and started to leave. She turned her head, about to ask Tack if he would join her for dinner, when a sudden thought stopped her: Zigzag may have been absent at breakfast, but he would almost certainly be there for supper. That conniving old sycophant wouldn't dare miss two meals with the King. His reaction to a \"lowly cobbler\" dining at the King's table would certainly be amusing, but they would risk bringing Zigzag's wrath down upon Tack again. The Grand Vizier had already tried to feed the unfortunate man to his vulture! \"Amaris, wait a moment,\" Yum-Yum called. The maid reappeared in the doorway. \"Yes, Princess?\" \"My guest and I will take our supper here, on the balcony,\" Yum-Yum said. \"Yes, Princess,\" Amaris said. She bowed again and left. Tack caught Yum-Yum's eye and gave her a puzzled frown. \"I thought it best if we avoided running into Zigzag, at least for now,\" she explained. He looked slightly nervous as he nodded in understanding, the tacks swiveling downward. \"And besides, it would be rude of me to allow my guest to dine alone!\" she added lightly. The tacks swung upward again, twisting to the side. He regarded her for a moment with that peculiar smile of his. Then the white rat poked its head out from his pocket, where it had been sleeping, and he tore his gaze away to tend to it. Yum-Yum watched as he lifted the rat out and gently rubbed between its delicate ears with his fingertip. Amaris arrived quickly with three other servants. They carried steaming plates of roasted lamb and vegetables with rice, and Amaris carried a teapot. They'd brought a bowl of sugared almonds for dessert, too, much to Yum-Yum's delight. They put the plates down on a small, wooden table and set cushions around it. Yum-Yum thanked the servants and they departed. She turned around to face Tack, who was peering at the table and sniffing appreciatively. She couldn't help but chuckle. \"Well, go ahead and eat!\" she said, seating herself on one of the cushions. She took off her face veil and poured herself a cup of fragrant tea. He sat down next to her, putting the tacks in his pocket as he did. He took a piece of flatbread, scooping up some lamb and rice with it. His eyes brightened as he took a bite, obviously enjoying the savory meat. Up on his shoulder, the rat let out an agitated squeal. Tack put his flatbread down, plucked the animal from its place, and set it on the ground beside him. Then he gathered some vegetables on a little piece of flatbread and placed it next to the rat, which squeaked and dug right in. \"What a lucky little creature,\" Yum-Yum commented, \"To go from scrounging crumbs in the dungeon to getting fresh food from the King's own kitchen!\" And hand-fed to it by a handsome man, no less, she added inwardly. Tack smiled again—that wonderful, tack-less smile—and gave the rat an affectionate pat on the head. Once they'd finished their dinner, Yum-Yum picked up the bowl of almonds. \"Have you ever had these before?\" she asked Tack. He shook his head. Grinning, Yum-Yum took four from the bowl and held them out across the table. \"Here, try some.\" Tack reached out his hand and she dropped the treats into his open palm. He picked one up, inspected it for a second, then popped it into his mouth. A wide smile stretched across his face and he quickly ate the other three. Yum-Yum laughed. \"They're delicious, aren't they? These have always been my favorite,\" she said. The stars were shining overhead by the time they'd finished their meal. Yum-Yum lit the lanterns on the balcony and then joined Tack, who sat on a carved marble bench near the balustrade. He was once again staring out over the city. The tacks were back in their usual place, swiveling around pensively. She perched next to him and followed his gaze. Out in the city, the lights from hundreds of torches and lanterns flickered like a reflection of the night sky. \"It's beautiful, isn't it?\" she murmured. Tack nodded slowly. After another moment's silence, he suddenly turned towards her and pulled the golden string out of his pocket again. Yum-Yum watched with curiosity as his fingers started weaving. A rose took shape in the twisted string. Then it collapsed and a bird took its place. Tack wiggled his fingers and the bird's wings flapped, making Yum-Yum gasp in amazement. Then, after a moment's thought, a mischievous smile crossed his face and he went to work again. The face of a man emerged, but it wasn't just any man. She'd know that sneer and that curly beard anywhere; it was Zigzag! With a flex of his fingertips, the string-Zigzag's mouth opened and closed. Tack scrunched his face into an exaggerated scowl and moved his hands so that the face bounced up and down, as if it were shouting. Yum-Yum let out a peal of laughter. \"That's definitely Zigzag!\" she said, rolling her eyes. Tack's shoulders shook with silent laughter as he collapsed the string face. Then an idea popped into Yum-Yum's mind. \"Will you show me how to make those string pictures?\" she asked eagerly. He sat back on the bench, surprised, but then his face lit up and he scooted closer to her. He held his hands up a few inches apart, palms facing inward, then nodded at her own hands. She mirrored his gesture. He reached out, hesitated for a moment, and then gently grasped her hands. He gingerly spread her fingers and moved her hands a couple more inches apart. Then he looped the golden string around her hands, draping it between her fingers. She watched with bated breath as he worked, handling her fingers with such care. He guided each one into place as he wove the string around them. Her eyes drifted from his hands to his face. His forehead was furrowed in concentration. But then he paused, feeling her eyes on him, and slowly looked up. His blue eyes met hers and they both held still. Then Tack blushed and quickly went back to his task. Yum-Yum's cheeks heated up, too, something that seemed to happen quite a lot when she was near Tack. Finally, he lifted her hands up and pulled them apart. A simple circle appeared between them. Yum-Yum smiled proudly at it. Then Tack motioned for her to drop the string. She did, and he gestured at it and made a circle with his hands. \"You want me to try it on my own?\" she asked. He nodded once. She picked the string up and did her best to mimic his actions. After a few corrections from Tack, a lopsided oval took shape between her spread hands. She let out a triumphant cry and Tack beamed his approval. \"Show me another,\" she said excitedly. Her next lesson, a star shape, was slightly more complicated, and recreating it herself proved to be even more so. Tack studied her hands speculatively, tapping his fingertip against his chin, and then he reached for her hands once more. He guided her fingers again, twisting loops of golden string between them in intricate patterns. The furrow in his brow deepened. He looked almost nervous. Yum-Yum watched on, mystified by his sudden intensity. When he pulled her hands apart this time, a heart emerged in the golden string. Tack's face went red again and he glanced away for a moment. His hands stayed on hers, warm and as gentle as ever. Then he met her eyes again, smiling bashfully. Her own cheeks flushed once more and her heart beat faster. She was suddenly very aware of two important things: firstly, that they were sitting very close together; and secondly, that she'd forgotten to replace her face veil after supper. Almost unconsciously, she reached up to pluck the two tacks from his mouth. It felt like such a perfectly natural gesture, despite the pounding of her heart. Tack stared at her, confusion in his blue eyes. Yum-Yum hesitated for a second, her courage wavering. And then she reached up again and grabbed the earflaps of Tack's cap, pulling him down and pressing her lips softly against his. He gasped quietly, almost inaudibly, startling her so much that she let go of his hat and jerked away. He stared dazedly at her, his face redder than ever, and then he frowned in bewilderment. She giggled breathlessly. \"Sorry, it's just that, well… that's the first sound I've ever heard from you!\" she exclaimed. The frown turned to a smile and he shrugged. Then he looked at her with a mix of curiosity and yearning, and she didn't need words to guess why. They leaned towards each other and their lips met again. \"Princess?\" came a voice from the garden. Now it was Yum-Yum who gasped, pulling away and quickly standing up. \"I'm out here,\" she called, glancing apologetically at Tack. He smiled at her, but she could her own disappointment mirrored in his face. She swiftly settled her face veil back in place; although her back was to him, she could guess that Tack's tacks had returned to his mouth. Amaris walked through the doorway. \"Your nanny has sent me to tell you that your bath is ready, Princess,\" the maid said. \"Thank you, Amaris,\" Yum-Yum said. \"I'll be there in a moment.\" Amaris bowed and went back into the garden. She turned around again, sighing wistfully. \"Good night, Tack,\" she said. The tacks twisted up in a tender smile. In a sudden moment of boldness, he reached out and clasped her hand in his, giving it a squeeze. The corners of her mouth curled upward and she squeezed back. Then she let her hand slip from his and they left the balcony, entering the garden. Amaris was waiting for them beyond the doorway. \"Amaris, please escort my guest back to his quarters. And have Fikri see to it that he is taken care of in the morning,\" Yum-Yum said. \"Of course, Princess.\" Amaris bowed again. \"I'll see you tomorrow, Tack,\" Yum-Yum said, glancing at him. He nodded emphatically and then followed Amaris out of the garden. Yum-Yum watched him leave, then sighed again and headed towards her bedchambers. As she passed the fountain and the piles of shoes, a metallic gleam on the tiled floor caught her eye. She bent down, picking the tiny object up. It was a tack! It must have fallen out of Tack's pocket while he was working here, she thought with a chuckle. Seating herself on the edge of the fountain, she lifted the tack up and inspected it. Its dark surface glinted in the moonlight. Then, in a fit of curiosity, she dusted the tack off and stuck the end of it between her lips. She twisted around and looked down into the pool of the fountain, using its surface as a mirror. She contorted her face and mouth, trying to make the tack swivel and swing around like the tacks in Tack's mouth. It bobbed up and down, but it stubbornly refused to do what she wanted. Years of practice, I suppose, she thought ruefully. After changing into her nightclothes, she passed through the garden once more and entered her summer bedchamber. She held the tack cupped in the palm of her hand, held close to her chest. The little object went onto the small table by her bed. Yawning, she curled up on the soft bed. She gazed up at the stars as she waited for sleep to come, happiness filling her heart, and she wondered if it were really possible to fall in love so quickly. ","Summary":" Hi! New to this fandom, such as it is. I'm sad that this movie doesn't have a bigger fandom! So sad"},{"Movie":"Thief and the Cobbler","Title":"Comfort Me","Author":"SimpleCobbler","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11237274","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer. These are not my characters, I do not own the Thief and the Cobbler or the characters. This is only a story from a fan who wishes this fandom was bigger. Loud, persistent cries pierced the otherwise silent and calm night. The tiny room from where the sound was coming from was in the far western part of the golden palace, intricate and winding halls keeping the sound from reaching the king's and servant's chambers. As the moonlight played patterns on the white marble floor, the wooden crib built by the prince himself, shook slightly, as if the sound itself was as strong as the desert's mighty winds. Screeches and screams boomed out of the youth's chubby, dry lips while it's short, stubby arms reached out before it; reaching towards the heavens painted on the ceiling of the small chamber. Despite the screaming bundle wrapped securely in the country's finest silks and thickest cloths, it insistently shivered and shook as if the layers were nothing but rags against the cool Arabian breeze. It screamed incoherent noises, desperately trying to garner the attention of anyone who could hear him. Long black eyelashes streaked shadows on the troubled, blue eyes of the child; shadowed and darkened like the turbulent sea. Fat tears coursed down it's pale, earthy skin, resembling the churning sand a few meters away from where the child laid struggling. Forehead scrunched and wrinkled, the child was immobilized on its back, squirming and moaning with every ounce of energy a small newborn's body could store. Pink, rosy lips trembled as the small mouth closed, like the warning of thunder before the lightning strike, and opened once more to release its nonsensical screams. Tired yet relentless, the child's cries echoed throughout the halls of the palace. The extravagant arches and pillars held no warmth or comfort for the crying bundle, only enhancing the dark shadows lurking around the corners. Paintings of small angel babies flying and playing youthfully on the ceiling; a welcoming and warm scene had now appeared almost eerie and sinister in the dark night. The grand design impressing no one, as if the audience was long gone and had abandoned the piece of art. The cool marble floor was silent, a surface for the sad sounds of the child to be bounced around. The swaying of silky curtains indicated the chilly wind of the desert protruding the room. Pitiful whimpers escaped the small panicking chest as mucus mixed with tears drenched it's small chin and cheeks. Was there no comfort for him? Secular blue eyes blearily opened, softly at first, almost as if sleep the seductress herself was pulling him back in her arms. Black, worn out tacks cautiously balanced on his thin lips, it seemed like the seductress was winning. Drooping eyes quickly shot open, tacks swivelling, when another heart wrenching cry echoed into their chamber. His entire body froze for a second, gathering his bearings in a panic, until the warm petite body encased in his arms shifted. The source of his panic forgotten in a second, he looked down and the pump in the cavity of his chest skipped a beat. His lovely wife hummed quietly, curling her left leg even further along his long right thigh, unconsciously trapping and securely making sure they were as close as physically possible as she continued her sleep. A woman he would spend time to just simply stare at with awe; as if he were to blink, she would disappear and his life up to this point would have been a bittersweet dream. Due to his lanky 6'3 terribly contrasting with her 5'6, she always ended up in a warm cocoon made of his arms and legs surrounding her; protecting her from the Arabian night's chill for as long as she saw fit. If anyone saw them, they wouldn't have been able to tell where one started and where the other ended; his pale, thin limbs tangled and contrasted with lush, brown and soft limbs of her own. His spindly fingers wove through her ebony locks, treating the fine hairs like the most precious silk his skilled and experienced hands had ever sawn with. Her head tucked away against his chest, her delicate face scrunched in one of her adorable expressions. Staring down at his own personal goddess, there were times he could not fathom how she could have possibly reciprocated his feelings. She was his saving grace, his reason and conviction, his heart's one true desire. This simple cobbler would never have dreamt of having such a gorgeous woman on his arm, let alone marrying such a beautiful creature. But he swore to protect her, her heart, her beauty, and her smile. Before that emotional train left his heart, another demanding cry had him reluctantly pulling away from his warm princess; making sure not to disturb her from slumber. Untangling himself from her vice-like grip was a feat he went through each morning, but he was now quite skilled in the art of making sure not to wake her. She had been hard at work recently and his princess needed all the rest she could get. His chest bare and his silk overalls, that his wife had given him, hung loose; he was the picture of a spoiled prince. Enhanced by his pale complexion one would think he had been born and raised inside the regal palace, never seeing the light of day. But they would have been terribly wrong. He had tanned those 5 days in the desert, yes, but that was many years ago. It was the many years before that adventure that he lived a simple cobbler's life; a humble upbringing from his foster father and a cobbler's shop was all he had to his name. Not much the Prince of a fairytale one would think. He slipped away from their shared bed and he took a moment to watch his princess shift, clearly uncomfortable without his warmth hugging her. His tacks swung to form a slight smile when she let out a small whine that suspiciously sounded like his name. Heart beating pleasantly, he moved away from his lover and walked passed the galore and riches their room presented to him. His simple wooden table and stool, both packed high with thread and needles, looked completely out of place; contrasting terribly with her pots full of an array of colourful and blossoming flowers and cacti. He insisted to work elsewhere but she stubbornly refused and said she wanted to be close to him while he worked, convincing him it was so she can watch and point out his posture, but he knew better. She told him once that when he worked, it was as if he made love with the cloth. He made sure that nothing was left untouched, that every thread and stitch had received the right amount of attention and that the memory he was healing was cherished and preserved. Changing quietly so as not to disturb his lover; the mere thought made his ears turn red and his tacks form a straight vertical line at the memory of her words, especially what had occurred after that heated debate… Smooth sandals and a loose fitting shirt later, he was hastily making his way through the winding and turning halls leading towards the source of the screaming. They had specifically asked the servants and Nanny to not tend to their child. And so, with difficulty and confusion, they reluctantly left the child to the new parents. He was one of many orphans who did not know his parents; whether they had abandoned him or were killed during the war at the time, he did not know. He was brought up by the golden city's well known and respected cobbler, who had found him in one of his many crates full of cloths and silks. His foster father treated him fairly, but he ran a business so there weren't many father-and-son moments. The late Queen had passed away after giving birth to princess Yumyum so she never knew her mother; due to her fathers grief, he had ignored his little girl at the beginning of her life. She had been brought up by her servants and her Nanny, never knowing the touch of a mother. They had both decided that they would be present throughout their child's life, to have a role in their child's upbringing and to never leave the child's side. They hoped to guide him or her as best as they can and to be the parents they never had. Which is what brings him to their first born's chambers at 3 in the morning. Rounding the corner in a fast pace, he came upon a familiar scene; his son's arms fervently reaching towards the unknown and his screams deducing to quiet whimpers and gurgles. It was as if his son could already sense his presence and had dramatically calmed in the familiar feeling. Despite the late hour, each time he saw his son, it always made his heart swell with pride and an unmeasurable amount of happiness. As Tack walked towards the wooden crib, he picked up the large blue plushy that had fallen to the ground which had an inkling resemblance to the previous magical vizier, ZigZag. His loving wife had broached the idea to him and he could only give in to her every heart's desire. He had done his very best, for his wife and his unborn child; he wouldn't say it was perfect but his son fell in love with it despite the minor mistakes. Placing the smiling ZigZag at the left of his son's side, the tacks in his mouth couldn't help but swivel into a sweet smile. Drool, sweat, mucus, and tears smeared the little prince's face and yet the looming father couldn't help but suppress the urge to kiss the tiny cheeks of his child. Small, pale blues searched for comfort in the much larger and aged sky blues. They were not disappointed. Without breaking their connection, with memory alone, the larger of the two males reached for the cloth hanging from the crib and wiped the mess the smaller of the two had made; with gentle strokes and a quiet hum in the back of his throat. The smaller of the two males watched in curious silence, moving his face this way and that; due to being uncomfortable or to help his father, he did not know. The baby, in some shape or form, understood that his father did not speak often. Tack, with his long gangly legs, wide shoulders, lithe form, strong arms, and thin fingers, felt like home to the newborn. The child was engulfed in safety and comfort when his father lifted him from his prison and cocooned the prince, like his mother, into his chest. Due to his father's quiet, comforting nature, the child could not help but to mimic his father's silence. His large blue eyes followed his father's every move, widening a few times in curiosity and other times in surprise. His father mimicked his mother's actions when she held the prince and swayed from left to right, rocking him while slowly walking around the small chamber. As his father continued to hold him, one large hand cradling his head while the other held his body; the baby boy's own hands stretched out with a purpose. One of his small hands, smooth and chubby, opened and closed while reaching towards his fathers face. His other hand had been busy being used as a replacement pacifier and was now inside the small baby's mouth already drenched with saliva. Producing gurgling sounds, the baby's wide eyes only held pure trust and adoration for his father. The wind blew gently against the curtains and only the background noise of wind disturbed the silence between the two males. The larger man looked down at the baby for a few seconds, eyes lidded with affection spilling over, before quietly walking towards the chair that had been placed beside the child's crib. The baby Prince did not like being jostled around and had promptly made sure that his father knew; making small grunting and gurgling sounds, it broke the quiet spell the two had been under. As he sat down, Tack immediately adopted his hunched position, appearing to hug the bundle as close as possible to his chest. This little bundle of joy had captured his heart the moment he laid his eyes on him, very much like his mother had. So many emotions spilt forth from the cobbler's heart that he could not look at his newborn for fear of crying; he held him close despite the child's struggle against the confining action. His tacks were swivelling this way and that and finally settled to a near resemblance of a pout. Tack wasn't an emotional man, not often at least, but he had felt blessed when the princess accepted him into her life; let alone when she said yes when he proposed to her. But looking down at this small bundle, the pure proof of their love, he could not help but feel a rush of emotions; he felt overly grateful for all that has happened in his life. In these small moments he questioned if he deserved what he had, what had he done to receive such a beautiful wife and child? At times he would doubt himself, question whether he could protect them, whether he was the right man to lead his home country; if he was the right man to love this woman and to father their child. Would his people, his wife, his son, understand the depth of his silence? The meaning behind each gesture, stare, and head nod? He was a simple cobbler, what if he could not meet the expectations set by others, what if he disappointed his family? As if he could sense his inner turmoil, the baby prince reached his plump fingers towards his visage; a silent plea for attention or to pull him away from his clouding thoughts, Tack was not sure. Black worn out tacks forming a vertical line, an expression of surprise on how cute his son reacted, Tack suppressed the urge to smother the little angel in his arms; he instead gently squeezed the little one, a show that nothing was amiss. Brows relaxed and ears piqued when the sound of hurried footsteps made their way towards their child's room. Tack strongly believed that there was a difference between telling someone you loved them, and having your palms sweat at the thought of knowing they were almost near you. He held his little one closer, knowing full well that his wife was about to take their child away into her arms any minute now. He looked down at his son's wide eyes, the perfect mirror and shade of blue like his own; eyes looking back, full of wonder and innocence. Something inside him fermented itself and as a father and an Arabian knight he was going to- \"It looks like you're slowly devouring him.\" came from the entrance of the chamber from a tired but smooth voice. His heart stopped and Tack looked up at the source of the tired words; but when he saw her, he was in custody once more, looking at the princess for the very first time. Breath and heart in his throat, his flower looked as tired as she sounded but still bloomed as the first day he saw her. The only difference was that he did not turn from pale to crimson red in minutes. He only turned slightly pink in seconds. Never expecting a response, the princess glided towards the only other two occupants in the room with her husband quietly watching her like always. At first it was irksome to be watched without an explanation but she now knew better. It was his way of letting her know that he was there in his own quiet way, at times his stare felt as if a comforting hand was on her shoulder; a silent support. Princess Yumyum reached towards her two boys, one a grown man and the other barely a toddler. As she stopped and stood in between her husbands long legs, instead of reaching for the little bundle as expected, she wrapped her arms around the bent form of her cobbler. She stayed hugging her family for a little while longer until her husband reached out an arm to lightly touch her lower back. It wasn't a sign of affection or a way of returning the hug, he would have used different gestures to express that, he meant to point out her position of hugging them; her back would hurt if she continued in that posture. She smiled sweetly and straightened herself, lilic purple eyes lovingly looking at her worrisome husband. Kissing his forehead just bellow his floppy hat and few strands of rogue hair, she knew from the few years of being with this man that his eyes too were closed. At times she would fill in the silence between them, and other times, like right now, she felt like words would ruin the moment. She extracted herself from her lover and pulled their baby boy away from his pale lanky arms without a word. She smirked slightly when she saw her husband's tacks split into an adorable pout. She crooned and held their baby naturally within her arms, almost as if she was holding something more valuable then the 3 golden balls that guarded and watched over the golden city. She didn't hop and dance around like she used to when she was younger; but she rocked her baby with the sway of her hips and lulled him to sleep with her hushed voice. Lovely clear blue eyes began to drop, desperately trying to stay open to watch this beautiful creature; lips smacking, black eyelashes fluttering like butterfly wings, the young prince was put to sleep in seconds in his mothers arms. Now Tack wasn't usually an emotional man. Watching his tired wife hum quietly and continue to sway despite their son already asleep; he realized he was gazing at his most precious treasures. He stood up and swiftly walked towards his wife as he noticed her closed eyes and the slowing of her rocking. She's done it before, fall asleep while standing and she almost collapsed if not for him catching her before she hit the floor; it was a terrifying experience he wished would never happen again. He led her back to the chair and had her stand in front of him, with her own purple jewelled eyes drooping much like his son's. Without further a do, he bent down and had one arm wrapped securely under the bend of her knee and the other large hand splayed on her back; Tack promptly lifted his princess and child and sat down with both on his lap. With a quiet yelp as he made sure both we're secure and would not fall off, his wife's eyes widened, now fully awake again. Turning and ready to scold her silly husband, what if he had woken up their son?! She was not prepared for the brush of lips against her right cheek. Anger put aside at the moment, the princess looked at Tack with red dusting her cobalt cheeks; this man always surprised her with his small gestures of love. She pouted cutely and looked at him once more, \"You know I can't win against you when you do something like that.\" She whispered to him. Plucking the two tacks back into his mouth with his thin fingers, her husband stared back at her with adoration and love. They looked down and watched their little bundle of joy sleep. The clear blues now covered by smooth eyelids, creases have been wiped clean, his black tuff of hair ever growing; he was adorable, drool dribbling down his chin and all. His hands resting on his tiny chest, the princess briefly wondered if this is what her husband had looked like when he was but a baby. The curtains continued to dance with the wind, the arches and pillars were slowly illuminating, and the winged babies on the ceiling didn't look as eerie as before. Shifting and adjusting a bit in her cobbler's lap, the two sat quietly and watched the sun rise together with their son quietly sleeping in her arms.[Chapter 2] \"Momma! Momma! Stowy! Stowy!\" The little three year old demanded, desperately trying to use his tiny fists to get what he wanted. The little boy, showing no signs of his father's usual silence, was currently resting on his mother's lap; he was almost falling off due to his energetic excitement in the prospect of having his favourite bedtime story told. \"Now Nod, what did Papa say a true prince should always do when asking for something?\", chided his mother who gently poked her adorable son's nose. He was quite a loud thing, making sure to express himself with the few words he was comfortable with and babbled incoherent noises when he couldn't put it in words. The child was struck dumb and silently looked down at his small three year old hands; staring intently at them as if they held the answer to her complicated question. Brows scrunched, he did not demand the answer in a way most three year olds would react, he sat for a few moments causing his mother to worry; wondering if she had pushed it a bit. His short black locks covering his head stayed still as he bowed his head in concentration. \"It's okay Nod, you don-\", and just like the sun breaking through the dark and dreary clouds, the little boy's face lit up and he exclaimed \"Pwease! Papa say pwease say pwince!\" The prince looked up at his mother expectantly with his expressive sky blue eyes, asking for approval. She smiled and laughed a little while nodding down at her little boy as she ran her smooth fingers through his silky locks; oh how much he resembled his father. Her husband was currently working on solving a trading complication with one of the neighbouring countries; she knew how much he loathed working late and not being able to spend time with their son. She herself knew how long it took to resolve trading complications so she assured her loving husband that she will take over bedtime stories for tonight. It astounded her that Tack was the one to suggest to read to their son every night, when she asked why, he merely shrugged his shoulders and pointed at their son, who was sleeping at the time, while making the gesture of talking with his pale hand. She soon realized it was so that his son could recognize and hear his voice, a voice he didn't use often in front of others; but one he wished his son could be acquainted with. With a final look of worry and apology, her husband kissed her gently, his tacks forming a straight line after placing them back. As the king of the golden city, Tack didn't need his tacks any longer but they were who he was and only his family had seen him without them. He made his way towards the room full of incompetent advisors, they did not have a vizier any longer for obvious reasons. She watched him leave for a few moments, admiring the way the robes shifted against her husbands tall lithe form. She remembered the first time he wore those regal robes, her father had retired and it was in their private chambers where Tack waited to be called to the ceremony where he was going to be crowned king of the Golden City. He looked like a lost puppy in the skin of a lion; he said nothing but he quickly paced back and forth in front of their king sized bed while she too quietly sat at the edge of the bed nervous for him. The sound of trumpets and a roaring crowd did not help ease either of their nerves, it only seemed to enhance them. His robes were a blunder and his head piece askew, at that moment he did not look like the king she knew he had within him. Getting a little dizzy from his movements, princess Yumyum stood up suddenly and grabbed her husbands hands, which were now wringing themselves in a heap of sweat and nervousness; halting his erratic pace in the process. She lifted a hand to his unfocused eyes and forced his gaze onto her own, it took a while because he had to lean down a bit to accommodate for her height. \"Tack.\"she whispered into the space between their faces. His eyes focused, his hands stilled, and then it was only her. His eyes saw only her, his ears heard only her breath, his nose only smelt her flowery scent, and when she leaned forward to gently kiss his tack-less lips, it was only her he felt and tasted. After releasing his lips, she leaned back and let go of his hand cupping both of her own hands on either side of the nervous man's face. \"Tack. Yes you are becoming the king, yes people will not understand you, and yes, everyone will be looking at you. It will be hard to gain everyone's trust but you must remember, you were once and still are this city's cobbler. They are your neighbours and friends; and remember,\" she smiled a little and brushed back a strand of hair, \"you've faced off a whole army of One-eyes, these are people you know! It can't be that bad!\" She closed her eyes and smiled sweetly towards her husband. Really, she wasn't even in the ceremony yet her hands were sweating out of nervousness for him! She was allowed to be at his side near the end but she still worrie- Dry lips crashed against hers in a matrimony of soft nips and nibbles and she could not help but melt into his secure arms. Her arms felt numb and were pinned against his broad chest while his own arms were wound tightly around her. One around her voluptuous waste and the twin pale hand tangled messily in her long black locks to make sure her head was securely in place. Their lips moulded against each other, dancing an age old dance that only their lips knew the tempo and beat to; his closed eyes furrowed and hers gently closed. He kissed like a man hungry and she a woman who was always willing to give. She was not used to such passionate kisses from him, but she can feel the ease in his taught shoulders and the nervousness disappear. As their lips separated away from each other, gasping for breath, Tack's cheeks burned as he leaned his head on her shoulder. With her own cheeks flushed, she gently pushed him away and sat him down on their bed, a flash of confusion in his secular eyes which she ignored as she went to work on fixing his head wrap to the standards of a King. He hugged her stomach quietly as she worked on the wrap and he drew circular patterns on her left, silk covered, hip. She tapped it twice to tell him she was done and he stood towering over her 5'6 with his 6'3; but she was anything but intimidated but her loving husband. She then reached for his robes and began to unravel the already falling sash and started to fold where it needed to be folded and smooth out the creases. While working, his royal-soon-to-be-King pouted when he realized she was ignoring him. It was only a kiss. He could tell she enjoyed it by the slight flush on her cheeks so he hoped he was going to get off lightly. Tack expected consequences, he just didn't expect to have the life squeezed out of him when his princess-soon-to-be-Queen tightened his sash to unbreathable limits. \"You already know what that was for.\" She skipped away from his reach giggling into her hand and all he could do at the moment was fall in love with her again; while desperately trying to breath. She released him right at the moment her father's voice boomed, \"I now present to you, Tack! The New King of the Golden City!\" They looked at each other with wide eyes, soft blue meeting purple irises. They both shared a secret smile, walking hand in hand, the young couple walked towards their future. Oh how he had he grown into those robes, he didn't need help to put them on anymore but at times of stress, Tack always came to seek for her touch with the excuse that he forgot how to or his hands were tired. She smiled to herself as she looked over at her son, who was crouching down and browsing his short wooden shelf that his father made for him; searching for the perfect story for the night. His moderate chamber had a circle white bed, and much like the white bed she still had in her garden, his had guardian wolves slumbering underneath. So far the only reason her son has seen them was when it was feeding time, and she prayed it would stay like that forever. The young prince had given each head a peculiar name, some had a distinct sound, others a syllable, and he gave the biggest head the title \"Big Bwad Woof\"; due to the story he and his father had read about a little girl who wore red all the time. One thick and one thin cloth covered her son's window; one that covered the sun's strong rays and to block out the sand, while the other was simply made to cover the first. His room had a glass roof so during nights when there was a prediction of falling stars, her family would quietly lie together and watch the spectacle. Toys and wooden blocks scattered the floor, a stuffed ZigZag laid on it's side beside the Queen and she picked it up, smiling once again at the plushy her husband made. Coming back empty handed was not what Yumyum expected, Nod Jr. lifted his small arms up, an indication to carry him; and she did, placing the three year old onto her lap. He possessively grabbed the stuffed ZigZag and curled on his side on top of his mother's flat stomach. She wrapped her arms tightly around the little boy, squeezing him against her gently. \"Papa say stowy about pwince and pwincess… Ever aftah,\" she had a feeling she knew where this was going as she cocked an eyebrow in the little boy's direction. He then poked one of his eyes, \"Big Bwad eye! Sweepy gwandpa!,\" he raised his shirt to cover his face up to his nose, \"papa say about theef who was bwad!\" Pulling his shirt down, and as a last act of an explanation, he raised the stuffed ZigZag to her face. \"ZeeZee!\" By now he was energetically pulling on his mother's shirt, expecting her to start the tale like his father always did. She just sat there, this time the speechless one as she realize that her husband had been telling their son their adventure; a mixture of worry if he exposed too much to their innocent son, and a little hurt that she wasn't there to listen or to put in her own comments. Seeing her troubled look, the young prince climbed down his mother's lap and quickly toddled towards his short shelf; grabbing the first book that laid messily at the side, he waddled his way back towards her and presented her the new book. \"Momma, don't want that stowy no mo, dis one, Momma wead dis one!\" He looked up at her with her husband's innocent blues that glistened a little, and she could not help but reach for her baby boy. \"Oh shhh, Momma's okay, no tears see?,\" he looked up and indeed, his mother was not crying, \"Momma is just mad with Papa, so no more tears okay?\" She smiled sweetly to her son convincing him she was okay as she wiped away the glisten in his eyes; she was touched at her sweet little boy who thought that it was the story making her upset. She blew on her three year old baby's chubby cheeks to make a farting sound; she revelled at the tinkling laughter that was produced after. She was going to have a private talk with her dearest once his conference was done, but for now her angel needed to sleep, it was almost past his bed time. \"Sorry Nod, Momma doesn't know that story very well so she can't tell it to you tonight. Oooh, but I do like this one!\" She enthusiastically exclaimed, \"The Angel and the pumpkin man, that sounds exciting!\" Because she spoke to quickly, the young toddler simply nodded his head and settled down against his mothers chest; it was a classic he hadn't heard in a while. \"Once upon a time, there lived a little boy who-\" she had been quickly interrupted by Nod as he quickly sat up and promptly told his mother that she was reading it the wrong way. She looked befuddled and inquired how his father would read it which her son enthusiastically mimicked what her husband usually sounded like when he read. Or at least tried to but she got the point, Tack would use different tones and types of voices for each character and even the narrator. Back and forth the mother and son continued the thin book, Nod correcting the queen's voice and YumYum realizing that her husband was quite the storyteller if she were to go by her son's enthusiasm to reading and books. By the time the pair reached the end, with a baritone voice, the Queen ended the tale with, \"And they all lived happily ever after.\" She looked down at her sleeping prince and brushed away a few chaotic strands of black hair. She carried her growing son, lifted the thick blankets, and placed him down gently and made sure that he was tucked in for the cold night to come. She laid down beside him over the his covers and simply played with his black hair; he was a heavy sleeper so he did not appear to be disturbed. He really was the spitting image of Tack, and she wondered to herself if he too will grow as tall as his father or if he will be moderate height due to her petit stature. As she leaned against the wall, she quietly contemplated her life thus far; unconsciously running her fingers through Nods hair. Lightly laughing, the Queen smiled to herself at the memory of jumping and dancing in circles as she sung to her Nanny. She really believed that she could save only one person, that strong wish a long forgotten memory as her real adventure began when she met the hopelessly clumsy cobbler that same day. An un spoken connection had clicked the moment she had laid her eyes on the pale contradiction. Eyes had met and lingered for only a few seconds, all senses zeroed in on those endless blues and she could do nothing as he pulled her into a world where only the two of them simply existed. That was until the mysterious man tripped over the fuming vizier and was currently bowed over as he collected the spools of thread and tacks that spilt on the colourful carpet underneath them. She had to stifle a snort or two as she watched his nimble fingers pick each tack one by one to place into his mouth, she remembered how her eyes lingered on his lips; even the poor excuse that it was out of curiosity of how he balanced such small dangerous objects and not of the growing attraction to the man. She blushed slightly at how her self control seemed to fluctuate whenever it came to the silent cobbler; whether it was constantly worrying for him when he disappeared or how happy she was when she saw him behind those rich blue curtains. The journey through the desert, meeting the brigands, the crazy witch, and watching Tack as he fought against Zigzag; she could see how her husband could turn that into one of the many adventures her son read about. She wasn't exactly mad with Tack, she just thought that it would have been nice to tell the tale together; not a lot of people went through what they did and fell in love like in the fairy tales. 'Whenever we have a daughter, it'll be my turn to read stories to her' the Queen silently promised to herself, blushing slightly when she realized she had thought 'when', and not 'if'. But she knew that if Tack wished to read to their future daughter, queen Yumyum would not have the power within her to take that from him. She knew that Tack secretly wished to teach one of their children his artistic skill, whether to officially work in the trade or to just have as a hobby, he would be simply pleased. She knew deep down he wished for all their children to work hard for what they wanted, that as a father he would protect their goals as best as he could. The shop that he previously resided in still stood as a building today, but all of the materials and articles of cloths had been transported straight to the palace; and into a room that was specifically located beside her garden, at his request. She twirled her son's fringe as she remembered the many quiet afternoons spent together in her garden, when he was done his lessons on etiquette of being a proper King, and she finished her morning language lessons. Both mentally exhausted, she quietly curled into his side while his arm was securely wrapped around her waist, the afternoon sun barely missing the silent couple that laid underneath the shade of the willow trees of the desert. At times his arm around her waist would tense up, and then relax almost immediately, she assumed it was simply a reflex until she felt him hug her closer to his body, as if to comfort himself. She reminisced when she had asked him one lazy afternoon why he would do that. She had become very familiar with Tack's expressions and gestures so when he blushed and looked away, she knew it was something worth pressing him for. 'Taaaaaaaack' she whispered between them, dragging the 'a' because she knew how much he couldn't say no to her when she asked him like this. He shot her a nervous glance before fully turning his body back to her; he pushed her back down to lie beside him, then he made the impression of falling asleep. He opened his eyes and pointed to his eyes and then his head, what he saw in his head while he dozed off beside her, so a dream, she slowly pieced it together from his short gestures. He looked down at his lap and began to nervously fiddle with his hands once more, taking each one into one of her own, she looked into his shy eyes and smiled a gentle smile of reassurance. He paused for a second more as if contemplating an idea, and then promptly took out a golden thread that began to weave an image. In a quick motion and a few tugs, a picture of a woman with hearts-that was her! He gazed at the picture of her with such a gentle smile that she could feel her heart throb as if stuttering, when all of a sudden the image collapsed and his face crumpled into a lonely expression. He did not look at her, his gaze downcast and hidden underneath the shadow of his hat. \"You would dream about me when you fell asleep… And then I would collapse? Disappear?\", she asked him, slowly shifting closer to the bowed over man. He gave no indication if she was right or not, watching his bandaged thumbs graze against each other silently. \"And every time you woke up, you made sure I was there by squeezing me,\" she finished happily. She watched as her cobbler's face turned into fascinating shades of pink and then settled on a deep red, which he promptly covered with his tanned fingers; shaking his head as if to resist the truth behind her words. Smirking mischievously, the princess pounced the unassuming pauper and like a cat, stretched her smaller body over his and rested herself there; his hands immediately held on to her hips to steady the little kitten. Shocked yes but he could not stop her if this is what she wished, it's not like he didn't enjoy her attention; his face was now vulnerable for her to watch and he shyly looked away from her once more. \"My goodness Tack, I thought it was a medical problem! But you need not worry, I won't be disappearing anytime soon,\" she held her clenched fist and punched it into the air as if punching his fears away, her voice rose with such conviction and determination that the prince could feel his troubles slightly calm at her words. He wrapped his arms around her, enveloping his princess into his robes and closer to his chest, he hid his face in her neck, his tack-less mouth lightly kissed her pulse. He wouldn't be able to continue if she wasn't by his side, guiding and loving him like she did now; he couldn't see a proper future without her and it scared him how much he depended on this small woman. She held him closer, rubbing his shoulders with soothing circles, 'He shouldn't hunch over so often' she thought to herself as she ran her own exploring hands along his clavicle and the naked skin behind his neck. They held each other for the rest of the afternoon like that until they were called upon once more. The sound of slippers slapping on the marble floors grew louder as the tall figure hurriedly made his way towards his destination; years of studying proper etiquette flew out the window the moment the King was released from the long drawn out meeting. Robes a blunder and his hat thrown to the side, the mighty and well respected King tripped on his own two feet; getting up quickly he nimbly continued his sprint down the corridors. Hours inside that stuffy room had kept him from reading to his son and burdening his hard working wife, two things he could not stand for. A simple overview of what happened, a decision, and the signing of a form was what was simply needed to be done with the trading deal; but both parties were very intent on garnering every pound of gold they could get their hands on. Accusations flew back and forth as the King silently assessed the situation, his hands spread open, each finger touched it's twin on the other hand, hands thoughtfully placed in front of the quiet man. Enough was enough. He slammed his palms onto the table as he stood before the arguing stall owners and advisers, both silenced immediately, fleeting thoughts of the rumours floating around their King. After he had been given the crown, months passed and his people still did not trust him, but when a declaration of war had been presented, uproars and fear had spread throughout the city. Rumours said that it took only one meeting to resolve the declaration, others say that their King had scared the neighbouring country's ruler; other said that magic was involved. Whatever happened, Tack had resolved the declaration and in the next year became strong traders with the neighbouring country. He helped the Golden City prosper under his rule, they now had great connections all over the world and the tourism in their city increased; there had been a large drop in poverty and many schools had been built. As the silence reigned in the meeting room, the King slowly stood from his grand chair and walked over to the now silent traders. His towering height out matching all of the men in the room the moment he stood up, he gave off the aura of regal upbringing and intelligence. Icy blue eyes skeptically gazed down at the groups of golden coins; lithe pale fingers took five pieces from the pile of the merchant from his country and placed it onto the foreign trader's pile; it was after all this man's fault for he had taken four of the other man's merchandise and tried to hide it. In the back of his mind, his years of training stated that the man should have his hands sliced off for thievery but Tack was quite forgiving, a vice and a virtue in these situations. He then presented the unsigned form to his beady eyed advisors with an icy stare, as if daring any of them to question his decision, one by one, each man signed the form, he then presented it to the foreign trader and bowed respectfully to him; a sign of apology from the King himself. Flabbergasted, the man flushed and stuttered, the King himself was apologizing! This was unheard of, this was so unusual, he was being treated as if they were equals. He numbly stared at the bowed man until he remembered his manners and graciously bowed lower to the neighbouring King, accepting the apology. The hours of tension inside the room broke and Tack had stood at his proper height, smiling kindly at the man, he then made his way to the door and knocked three times. With a flourish, the double doors opened and small tables of fine delicacies rolled into the room by servants and were presented graciously to the men; as the servants walked out, Tack stood by the door and made sure to shake each of their hands, inclining his head slightly as a show of gratitude. 'The servants here are treated as equals too!' The middle aged stall owner observed the young King, he didn't appear to hold any of the rumours true about having razor sharp teeth and a forked tongue. The King of his city rarely showed any signs of respect for his people, he was corrupt and would use the tax payers money for his own pleasures, they had an unjust system. Many were in poverty for being too poor to pay the taxes, so they were either forced out or jailed; he couldn't believe his own eyes when he walked into the Golden City, the people sang and were so jovial. Children returned home from school and the market was such a welcoming and warm fiesta, he could only wish his people could one day reach this type of peace and happiness. He was astonished when the King himself had requested to over see the trading complication, he was surprised that he was even allowed to speak his side of the story to an officer alone. This country had a just system and a kind King and the stall owner couldn't help but slightly frown in envy as he watched the King pat the other trader on the back. The man blushed and rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment, bowing to his King in apology for his unjust actions, knowing well that he should be grateful for being allowed to keep his arms, while the taller man smiled assuringly to the trader and pushed him to stand up. He saw the King give the guilty man a stern look and presented a form that stated he would be going to jail or some sort, the trader could only assume. The rumours were untrue, this King was not lost and he clearly knew what he was doing, you only needed to take one glance at his people to know how well this King ruled. But before he could speak to the King, he was no where in sight. Said King was currently heaving, a pale hand clenched onto the robes covering his chest, his erratically beating heart pounded in his ears as he tried to breath, the last time his heart pumped blood this hard was when he first saw his wife, and when he accepted the fact that he could possibly die at the hands of the One-eyed army. But his pace slowed as he saw the light that shown through his three year old's chamber, hope rose in his chest despite the fact that he knew that it was hours way past his son's bedtime, and that story time was over for the day. Despite knowing that, it did not deter the man from seeing his son, he dearly missed him and was getting quite impatient in that meeting room; his wife's soothing words keeping his temper at bay. Being the only level headed one in a room of arguing men made him want to invite his wife to the meetings, just so they could quiver in fear of her; which wasn't fare for her for she had work of her own. She dealt with the poverty in the city and managed any social problems such as rape, inequality, and unjust payment or lack of. She was his counterpart and he knew he couldn't deny her the moment she broached the idea of helping the city in her own way. To bring her into a room of men, which he knew half of which looked upon his wife with eyes that no man but Tack himself should only look at her with; was completely unfair to her and would be extremely taxing on Tacks already waining patience with them. He may be a forgiving man but he would let his emotions cloud his judgement in a heartbeat, he would not let such transgressions pass, he would make up a law if he had to; if a man were to look at his wife as if she was nothing less then the intelligent and beautiful creature she was… He placed his tacks securely into the pockets of his robes as his dark thoughts faded away at the sight that he beheld the moment he turned into the lit room. His son, the prince, was quietly snoozing, mouth slightly agape and body relaxed; his chest rising and falling in a slow rhythm. What made the King smile fondly was the woman curled around his son, their son; she curled around the sleeping child, as if protecting him from the darkness despite the fact that the fire was still lit. Her left arm was loosely wrapped around the small bundle and her dainty knees clasped together and shaped her body into a crescent moon. Half her face was revealed to him and his soft blue eyes traced her every contour and curve, what this woman did to him. He leaned over his precious treasures and blew out the glowing candle, immediately dousing the room in darkness. He looked up and took a moment to watch the stars through the glass ceiling, he had almost forgotten the shooting star he had seen those many years ago, the star that started his life. He looked down at his wife and without further a do, he carried her bridle style, anchoring her to his chest, but gently enough so that she wouldn't wake. He leaned forward and over his wife's head, he bent and delicately kissed his son's forehead, 'I love you' he whispered into the quiet night. Like the prince made into a King in many of the story tales he read to his son, he walked out of the room with measured steps, his princess turned Queen slumbering in his arms. Groaning and shifting, his wife had always been a light sleeper, she would have been awake the moment he jostled her, her almost dead sleep was testament enough to the burden of her work. As he made his way to their shared room, his tacks swung to a grim line and he decided to plan a rest day for his Queen, he knew she was a busy body but she shouldn't work to the point of exhaustion. He carried her effortless and his brows furrowed when he really felt how light she was, she always had been but has she been skipping meals again? Concerned, he placed her delicately onto their mattress, removing his heavy robes impatiently, he returned to her and removed her veil and jewelry, taking care of each piece as if her soul resided within each object. He loomed above her compliant body then stripped her of her confining cloths and only then did his Queens violate eyes flutter open, she mumbled his name and he intertwined his windowy fingers with her much warmer ones. \"Mmmmm… Meeting..trade,\" she yawned tiredly, \"Went well?\" He kissed her gently, and wrapped his pale body around hers, much like she did to their son. She mumbled once more, scooting closer to the familiar comfort his body radiated around her, she smiled contently and released a long sigh. He tucked her head into the crook of his neck and his eyes fluttered shut, before sleep consumed the royal couple he quietly whispered once more \"I love you\" and she in return, \"And I love you\".[Chapter 3] It was hot. There was the normal, everyday heat, but this kind of hot was almost unbearable; it was a wonder how the people could still thrive under such types of environments. And yet, despite the cool evenings in Baghdad, the hot kiss from the sun was still evident throughout the loud and rambunctious crowd; as if the lacking presence of the ball of gas did not change the burning heat of thousands of youth's skin that glistened in the fire's light. As the already large group continued to grow, there was a silent build up of the unknown, a buzz in the air that all ages felt. It was all-consuming and everyone was helplessly drunk in the night's riches. Chatter, laughter, and white noise became the background music, ignored, as the large mass of bodies moved to the complicated sequence of notes the musicians created. Drums made of thick skins in all shapes and sizes were beaten mercilessly, kissed aggressively against the thick sticks only to be taken away to be beaten with once more; an age old rhythm only artists knew. There were the poor, the rich, the young and the old. But music was not prejudice, it danced with any willing body, pulling the strings as if a skilled puppeteer, the body was but a vessel and the soul was what moved. Woman held no reservations and hips swayed left to right, arms in the air as if reaching towards the gods, inviting them to this bountiful feast of freedom and entertainment. Men were free to watch, to explore the hidden riches that were offered to them in glistening glasses, jovially cheering and singing to the forgotten past or for the bright, unknown future. The evening sky grew dark as the minutes felt like seconds and the hours turned into eternities; this was a night of exploration, uninhibited satisfying of the human senses. Smells of roasted boars and baked chicken wafted throughout the centre, going unnoticed for once; the gathered bodies hungry for a completely different reason. The multitude grew, stall and shop owners abandoning their post to join in this magical gathering, travellers and inn keepers alike ran towards the pull of the evening's seductress. Bare feet dirtied while scuffed shoes pounded against the cobblestone, bodies thrived and pulsed; the people slicked with sweat, trudged on. Violinists joined the song they knew not how to play, banjos, guitars, one by one instruments morphed this spell into something almost incomprehensible; and yet the bass became heavier, the sounds and pitches increased to a crescendo. The crowd of strangers had suddenly turned into a large family, hands clapped in unison, heads turned to the trumpets, feet stomped to the drums. Middle aged woman laughed like they were the little girls they once were; large burly men jumped and jived with youthful abandon. It was a gradual climb, almost unnoticeable, but it was there and it was slowly approaching the cliff's edge. Bodies boiled with tension as the breaking point of the unknown tune was almost in sight, musicians and dancers alike sweated profusely, the buildup painfully unbearable. Hips became erratic, claps began to echo throughout the city, hearts beat in rhythm with the heavy atmosphere, cheers and hollers enhancing the impatience of the people; mind, body, and soul desperately working together to reach its release. The earth underneath quaked and shivered, as if to join in on this spell bounding art; scratched voices released from exhausted bodies, the pinnacle was mere seconds away. And that was the moment when he saw her, moving that sinful body as if making love to a rhythm only she could hear. His eyes, along with his heart followed her every move, her every dip and intricate twist; he lost sight of her for a second by a passing stranger and his heart almost stopped. She was moving her hips from left to the right, as if she balanced universes on each one and she, the mother of all galaxies, wove the fate of both with every seductive movement of her waist. Her hands criss-crossed each other in an unending dance of their own, arms covered in rags or silks he could not bring himself to care. Her hands weaved through each other, barely touching as if teasing one another, as if the very moment they touched would be the end of her dance altogether. He was captivated. She was captivating. His skin itched and his throat felt constricted, she had the power to bring him to his knees in seconds. His heart pounded against his chest as if it wanted to escape and bury itself into her's, to claim her body as it's home. He was captured in her trap that his clumsy, pumping blood vessel knew would never have the strength to leave. The loud cheers and screams of relief echoed throughout the large market area as bodies collapsed in exhaustion as the musicians trailed off the unearthly song. Claps of gratitude quickly followed after, bowing modestly, the musicians looked lost and confused as if they knew not what had just happened. The heady atmosphere now broken, of the family of gathered strangers, almost a third had began to withdraw from one of the golden city's many centre squares. The youth ready to create another piece of art, were already standing and moving as one to a more upbeat tune. The elderly searching for a place to rest their tired feet, preparing for the next time their hearts became captured and their bodies helpless to the music. He watched as she made her way to the centre of the gathering, young men watched her as she gracefully passed them and ladies glared after her with jealousy and scrutiny; her gate never slowed or sped up, she captured the people's attention with a mere glance. He could not help but narrow his eyes when a few young men began to whisper to themselves; probably conniving a plan of some sorts to capture the princess of the floor. The beat continued and the large group of youthful ages once more joined the fray of rhythm and excitement. The evening still young, children of all sorts ran through the streets in youthful abundance, stirring up trouble and causing chaos in their wake. The elders of their city laughed joyously at the recollection of their own youth, middle age men and women either with their children or danced with the young. The release of tension for the moment left peace in it's place as the young man observed his neighbours, his community, and his city unite as one. He stared longingly at his desire, she truly was a living, moving piece of art… But he decided a long long time ago to admire from afar, it was much safer for his poor heart. It's been 3 years now since she joined his restaurant, promising to bring crowds of people in with her dancing alone. He remembered the rainy day she had appeared before him as he quietly continued to sweep the open front entrance of his bustling and lively restaurant. It was spring in the Golden City, the most rain one would ever see in the desert at any time of the year. Even during the spring season not much rain ever reached the city. But on this peculiar morning, as Tack opened up his restaurant, rain poured in waves of buckets and tubs; stall owners usually set up despite the rare drizzles during this season but were completely unprepared for this type of rain. The market had stayed closed for the day until the unusual heavy down pour died down. Business continued for the silent shop owner for he actually had a roof, he opened the old, wall windows that covered the entrance and made sure the long canopy beyond the entrance shielded his customers from the onslaught of water. One would think the rain brought cool winds and cold temperatures, but here in the desert, temperatures lived up to it's location despite the season. Due to the heavy rain, it became hotter and stickier in Tack's restaurant, hence the reason why he opened the windows. It was still quite early to open but the shop owner wanted his humble restaurant to smell and feel fresh instead of stuffy and claustrophobic. He began his morning routine of checking the inventory, wiping down the worn out counters, and making sure that the small bowl of milk near the back door had been filled. In an hour, with his thorough inspection of his little shop complete, he began his casual sweeping around the wooden tables and stools. His morning regulars began to fill in, an old couple and a young stall owner, both requesting a light breakfast meal from the silent shopkeeper. As he skillfully cooked both orders at the same time, rushing back and forth from the stove and chopping board, he worked swiftly with only years of practice one could accomplish. Finished in 15 minutes, the young man carried two plates in one long pale arm and the single order with the other. As the sound of rain pattered against the streets near his shop, the quiet man slowly made his way towards the opened windows after warmly smiling at his pleased customers. His small, humble restaurant was part of the large ring of shops and buildings that surrounded the market centre, which was usually overflowing with stalls and booths by dawn. Shops that sold anything and everything, ranging from mystical objects that had seen better days, to spices from unknown countries that shop owners could have very well made up. The young man stared out into the dreary opening that would be bustling with life and exotic smells; but due to the weather, was now empty and quiet. As he scanned the empty area, not a child or man was in sight; about to move away from the post he was leaning against, an unusual colour caught his eye. Amongst the dark brown mud and the wooden and metal buildings, at the centre stood a figure, a man he guessed, based off of the slim, medium size and stature. Now Tack didn't believe in the tales of ghosts or ghouls the elders used to scare the children from walking the streets at night, but this peculiar figure was in garments of the most purest of whites he's ever laid his eyes on. It's not like he was an expert cobbler of some sorts but despite his lack of knowledge in the fine silks of his country, he knew expensive silk when he saw it. Working at a restaurant that demanded expensive materials and garments, he wasn't completely lost. The odd thing was not that this man was wearing white, many people of his country chose to wear white, whether expensive silks or rags; it was the fact that the figure continued to stand still, almost a statue of some sorts. The form stood as if basking in the rains purity, cleansing himself from the dirt in his soul. Suddenly, there was something indescribable tugging Tack towards the strange statue outside, something inside him telling him to approach and comfort the form soaked in rain. Yet he could not bring himself to move, whether closer or farther, was another thing Tack couldn't completely process at the moment either. The lanky man did not realize how long he had stood there, watching the stranger, until new customers demanded his presence and his regulars were ready to pay. Quickly making his way to the counter, thoughts of mysterious men and white silk vanished from the young shopkeeper as the day progressed. Many customers came and went, some having to wait for tables to open, his business usually boomed during the time of lunch. There were the few rare times where Tack requested a few of his customers to be a bit more patient by silently bowing to them. As the shadowed sun slowly made it's progression across the desert sky, Tack continuously cooked and restocked his supplies with patience and care; due to the closed stalls there were much more customers who desired his food and he easily complied with a warm plate and a gentle smile Despite the few impatient customers, people left with warm and satisfied stomachs, complementing the restaurant with a promise to return on a sunnier day. Before the chief noticed, the sky had considerably darkened and the rain had stopped it's ministrations for the time being. The calmed weather only seemed to increase his amount of customers which forced the chief to bring out old rickety tables and chairs which he bashfully gave to a young couple who only smiled assuredly to him. The young man was only grateful that his customers now were a little more understanding at his lateness for their orders, a one manned restaurant was quite difficult to handle. But they were astonished when the tall pale host came out of the kitchen with what appeared to be 5 plates skillfully balanced on each arm. Left and right he handed each piping hot meal to one customer, two customers, three! On his way to returning to the kitchen, he picked up the payments and collected all the used and left plates, he made sure to wipe down the tables until they shown. He twisted and turned between his strategically placed tables, not once did his person numb or shove any of his occupied customers. He returned the rag into one of his many pockets in his worn-out apron and presented the now cleaned tables with a flourished hand gesture to the new customer; as the other arm balanced dirty and used plates, many wide eyes quickly turned back to their meals, this man was quick! Orders came and left, his restaurant was lively as ever, men ordered their usual beer and both men and women ate heartily. His customers were curious as to why their talented host did not speak, some assumed he was a mute and just left it at that. No one ever asked and they just accepted that this man was quick, thorough, and a great cook. The tightness in his small restaurant made it very welcoming and the opened entrance kept the building cool and fresh. One by one, he quickly but efficiently cleaned and washed each table, only releasing it to another customer once it was perfectly clean. His food was artistically fashioned to be aesthetically pleasing and tasted delicious to their tongues. It was a wonder how he was able to do all of this, balance it when carrying up to five or six other plates, and only charge them less than half it's worth. Tack never worked for the money, he worked to his best ability and that was that. He always bowed gratefully when he was left a large amount of tip, pocketing the coins with the thought of restocking his ingredients in a few days. He made his way back to the kitchen so he could wash the used plates quickly for the next bunch of customers, his hands were always so dry and course; despite his young age his fingers and palms showed years of hard work and dedication. He swept his work area clean and briefly remembered that he had to refill the milk bowl quietly sitting outside of his back door. Grabbing the glass of milk, he left a crate to prop the back door open and was just about to lean down and pour the now empty bowl a healthy amount. Bending down he realized that there was a pair of small dirty feet in front of him and the young chief nearly had a heart attack; a pair of blue eyes like his own were watching him, specifically the milk bottle. There were many homeless children running around the city, he used to be one of them until the old Master chose him. His gaze followed the small dirty feet and took note of the wet, sleeveless shirt covered in holes that the young boy presumably used as a shirt. The young boy's cheeks were tight against the sharp edges of where youth's fat should have been. The boy's eyes struck him with such familiarity he felt himself inwardly stagger back, his eyes bruised purple underneath and hollow. He glanced down at his hand and back at the small boy; with an idea in mind, Tack held his hand up in a gesture to wait for a moment. After a few minutes of returning, Tack breathed deeply as he gave the boy one of his large long sleeves rolled into a large bundle full of two loaves of bread, two glasses full of milk, slices of meat, and even a larger helpings of vegetables. He patted the boy's head gently and the boy could not help but hug the tall stranger in gratitude; ruffling the dirty head full of hair, Tack did not mind the contact at all. Hearing a crash and even louder yells, he gently pulled away from the little boy and waved him a silent goodbye. He paused to watch the boy run off into the night, glancing apologetically to the small milk bowl for the street cats, that was his last bottle, he'd need to visit the market once more…the crash! Rushing hurriedly back into his restaurant, it appeared that his short break had costed him patience from his customers; but nothing he couldn't handle. Before he knew it, there were only a few minutes left till midnight; drunkards wobbled their way home and not a customer was in sight by the time the clock struck twelve. He closed the large glass windows; checking twice that the door and windows were both locked, making sure the canopy too was taken down and all the outdoor tables and chairs collected and neatly put away. He would need to wake up extra early the next morning to wipe down the windows and glasses. As he heard the rain begin to fall in earnest, stronger with each passing minute, he chopped the last remaining ingredients and then wrapped it all in thin clean clothes, and then placed into his 'cooler', a box full of ice and insulated in metal and insulating materials. Washing his variety of chopping boards, pots and pans that were used that day; he hung and set them all to dry for the next day of hard use. His kitchen was cleaned with a few lit candles, he then grabbed his trusted broom and took the next half hour to finish sweeping the broken glass and other remnants of his cooked meals. By now he can hear the rain as it pounded against his tin roof, wiping his brow he could feel the toll the day did on him, but he persevered knowing that once he threw out the garbage, he could lay down in a hot tub and relax his aching muscles. All of his other belongings were simple, handed down, and worn out, but his most coveted possession had to be his bathtub. He managed to fit his gangly limbs into the white haven but once filled with water, he felt all his aches leave his exhausted body. Rolling his left shoulder, and wiping his worn apron from the dirt, the tall man made his way to the back and silently glared at the two large bags that sat there innocently. Shoulders set, he grabbed the bags of garbage in each hand and made his way further back into his restaurant. Using his sandalled foot, he pried open the back door, making sure to close it properly; he waddled towards the large garbage heap at his left, chucking the foul smelling bags away towards the heap's general direction. Despite the rain immediately soaking his clothes, the outside quickly removed all feelings of stuffiness and warmth from his body, which felt refreshing on his fevered skin. Dusting his hands, he turned and reached down for the bowl of milk, when a groan halted his movements; and his heart. He quickly snapped out of his bending position into a defending crouch with his back to his shop's door. What he didn't expect to see was a bundle of brown and white cloth on the wet cold ground, brown due to the mud that accumulated from the disturbed dirt around the mass. The young chief nearly had another heart attack that evening when he realized that the bundle of cloth shifted and groaned once more; it was a human! As the rain relentlessly continued to come down, Tack began to slowly unravel and undress the supposed human, panicking slightly with the thought that he or she was suffocating. The night was full of surprises when he recognized the smooth texture of the cloth; the man in the white silk! After a few more seconds of unravelling, Tack's clear blue eyes widened and his pale complexion turned beet red, he was terribly blind; it turns out his eyes give terrible judgements. He quickly covered the now evidently smaller and softer curved body in the fine silks, carrying the soaking wet bundle in his arms and into his warm dry shop. He brought the shivering heap into his room and connected washroom; with much effort he sat at the edge of the tub with the bundle on his lap, the wetness soaking through his already wet apron, and started to fill the tub with warm water. His cheeks flushed and ears burning a bright red, he gently and slowly laid down the unconscious woman into his tub; expensive silks and all. With his forearms deep in the hot water, he could feel the muscles tense as the woman slowly woke and became aware of what exactly was happening; he could only pray that she didn't have a weapon on her. \"KYAAAAA! Get. Away. From. Me!\" He bolted to the other side of the small room as she flailed her arms as if to hit him. His back to the bowl which he considered a sink, he raised his arms slowly as if a show that he meant her no harm. He could not help but blush at the captivating creature in his bathtub, she was desperately trying to cover herself as best as she could, which had him stumbling out of the washroom to give her privacy for a few minutes. He looked for the smallest long sleeve he owned and rummaged for a pair of his smallest pants; it was difficult because he only had extra large in everything and his old Master's clothes. He came up with what he needed and slowly made his way into the bathroom, making sure to shield his eyes away from the general area the woman sat quietly in, stumbling a little when he slipped on the rug. He placed the clothes on a short stool beside the tub, close enough for her to reach, and slowly made a show of removing his hands as to not alarm her even more. He heard a huff of air she exhaled and wondered if she was glaring at him. \"What's your name stranger, and why have you taken me here?\" She had an enchanting voice, he could tell, though the question was made more gruff and full of sass despite the sing songy lilt she had. He reached into his many pockets in his apron and found the small object, he held it up to her silently and waited for her reaction. \"Tack. Your name is Tack.\" It wasn't a direct question but more of a statement from the woman. Despite answering only one of her questions, she was still guarded and he wished he could somehow calm the gorgeous woman, so Tack returned the tack into it's rightful place and reached for the yellow toy on his sink. He gingerly shot a tentative glance towards her and a quiet 'plop' resounded as he dropped the rubber duck into the tub. Despite the strange action with an unknown reason behind it, Yumyum could not help but stare at the bright toy, she reminded herself to be on constant guard and yet her damned heart had already warmed up to this strange man. Pausing for a moment, she cautiously reached for the toy and inspected the small bath companion; treating it as a peace offering, she gave Tack a small wary smile to which he blushed at. Ah, if he kept this blushing habit up, she'd think him weird, but he knew it was only around her he became a fool and hoped that it would quickly dissipate in time. He was acting as if he's never interacted, much less then been in the same room with, a woman. But gods she was captivating. He did take her away from the dirty streets and had inadvertently invited her into his humble house when he could have simply left her there; 'he must be a decent man' she tried convincing herself. He did not use words but actions to convey himself and she found a type of charm in that; her life surrounded of people who constantly spoke to her and telling her of the many ways she should act and the many things she failed in, his silence was very welcomed. He had the complexion of the moon, unlike any man, woman, or child she had ever encountered. She could still see his neck burn red, if she wasn't in a tub full of hot water she would have assumed that the reason the small room was moist and damp was due to his constant blush. He turned around with his hand covering his eyes like he had done earlier, and she couldn't help but feel her guard slip, there was just something about him… \"Don't you dare take a peek Mr. Tack\" she muttered vehemently, slightly smirking when he wholeheartedly nodded his head with his hand still covering his eyes. She gathered her dirty coverings and was about to stand when she heard him tap the wall loud enough for her to hear. Halting her actions, she watched him curiously as he pointed to the general area of small soaps near the tub, and then to the towel and dry clothes that innocently rested on the stool beside her. He wanted her to bathe, or he thought she would get sick if she didn't bathe quickly. She should at least be attentive around him, no matter how sweet the gesture was and no matter how much her heart stuttered. Whatever the reason, she quietly blushed and whispered a grateful thank you and began to unwrap her silks. At some point he dropped his hands to point out the necessities to her, but at the sight of her undressing, he became a stumbling and fumbling youth, face, ears, and neck tomato red. He struggled with the door, slamming into the wall beside it as he fumbled with his clumsy fingers which were normally dexterous. Before he could escape with his embarrassment, her voice halted him, 'Yumyum, my name is Yumyum.' He shortly nodded his turned head, neck a flaming red, and sprinted away from her puzzled expression; she left wondering if he had an inkling of exactly who she was and what her title was. Giggling to herself, she couldn't help but feel warmth seep back into her once numb bones; he wasn't a bad person. She hummed to herself as she washed the dirt and grime from her smooth skin, she hoped she wasn't worrying her Nanny, oh what of her father? Despite the twisting feeling in her gut, she could not regret what she did, her father wanted her to marry that evil blue vizier ZigZag! Oh how she despised that sneaky pervert. Standing up abruptly, she sat down as quickly as she stood up, 'Not too fast' she chided herself as she felt her vision slightly spin, maybe she was a little sick, maybe it wasn't the smartest idea to walk around in a rainstorm in silk alone. Besides the slight rust in the tub and the slight creaking in the wood, she noticed how well kept this room was. Not a spot of dust or dirt could be found, her host was quite thorough in his cleaning. Her host. My he was tall, about six feet or more from what she could tell, she blushed at her sudden moment of boldness, recollecting his rushed and embarrassed back as he left. She slowly stood and reached for the fluffy towel, she dried every inch of herself and looked at her silks as they floated in the now dirty lukewarm water, she couldn't wear those… she couldn't use her undergarments for they too were soaked, so she simply decided to use what Tack had offered. She hesitantly reached for the clothes on the stool and slowly pushed her head through the long sleeve sweater. She was immediately surrounded with a musky scent that she knew she could possibly get addicted to, the mere size of the body was too big and long for her; they reached her mid thigh and the sleeves about a foot or two too long for her much shorter arms. It was surprisingly warm and the material durable but soft, where did this man get such material?! She shall request it of him and then order 5 crates full, and this scent, this aroma, was it a perfume or, she flushed madly, or was it simply his? She quickly grabbed the too long pants which she had to roll up seven times and tight enough to not drag on the floor, this man had limbs like an Arabian spider monkey! Rolling up her sleeves as best as she could, she began the process of wringing and rubbing the dirtied white silks, mentally apologizing to Tack for using his soaps; she began to painstakingly wash her own cloths. She always had someone much lower than her to do such labours but she was not so proud to do this herself; as if she'd let her generous host clean her clothes too. After a few more minutes, she resulted in semi wet sleeves that refused to stay at her elbows, semi-white silks that clearly needed more time and effort of washing, and tired hands. 'This will do for now' she thought as she unplugged the tub, gathering and wringing the silks one last time before slightly draping them over the tubs side. Exhausted she rolled the long sleeve back and she sat at the edge of the tub, using the towel to dry her midnight hair while she dragged her fingers through the black mass. When she finished she quietly slid the door open, not really knowing what to expect she would find behind it. She peaked her head outside the warmth of the washroom and hugged the extra large long sleeve to her body, was it really this cold in the city? Or was this building full of holes? She tip toed her way past the neatly made cot, it may not have been a four poster bed but this late into the night, it looked extremely inviting. She also noticed how the only clutter she had seen so far was a workbench in the corner, piled high with cloths of all sorts of colours and textures; the woman had to squish the urge to look through and feel the different silks. Yumyum noted the wooden cabinet that must have housed where Tack kept his clothing; the rich smell of wood and exotic food penetrated the small room, emitting from the closed door to her right. What she also realized was that that musky scent was not too pronounced throughout the room, it was not a type of spray or perfume of some kind; so it must have simply been Tack's scent, and she loved it. Covering her nose with the borrowed long sleeve, she once again took a deep breath, her eyes fluttered shut as she held her breath, and released it once more. She snapped out of this spell and quickly made her way to the door; to dispel any urge to wrap herself in his blankets which she assumed promised an even stronger essence. She almost embarrassingly stumbled down the staircase that was just beyond the closed door, holding onto the door for dear life. The petite woman slowly made her way down the creaking steps, cautiously checking behind her; rethinking whether she should return back to the warm washroom. Her stomach grumbled in complaint as she whiffed the air; the sound of something bubbling and someone chopping in a fast speed made her think twice of returning to the oasis of the washroom. Curiosity piqued, she made her way to the bottom of the stairs and peaked around the wall, there stood her silent host, hunched over a chopping board. Tat tat tat tat tat tat he chopped the vegetables in a speed her eyes couldn't follow. His large spindly hands, each finger gently wrapped with worn out gauze or tape, handled the blade with a dexterity she had never witnessed before. This man was quite a paradox, clumsy from the waist down but skilled and trained to perfection when it came to his hands. He slid the finished carrots to the side and began the next vegetable with such concentration that she couldn't believe how impressed she was by his chopping skills. In a hypnotized state, she made her way forward and blindly bumped into a pile of pots, which loudly crashed into her and onto the ground. Jumping at the sudden crash into his peaceful calm, in the millisecond of distraction, Tack accidentally sliced his finger, years from constant cuts and slices here and there, he knew was not too serious. Before he even thought of what he was doing, he was gently helping up his impromptu guest from the ground, not minding his now dirty pots; making sure to see if she had any bumps or bruises. He took her left and right arm, blue eyes squinted to see if she had been even slightly harmed, his pots were quite heavy and could do a grown man damage. Her violet eyes widened as he leaned in closer to inspect for any damage and yet the lack of distance still went unnoticed as his worry for her overcame his nervousness of simply being in her presence. Pleased he did not find anything, he finally realized their sudden close proximity, that he himself established, and the adorable blush that dusted her cheeks. But before he could do a thing, she quickly grabbed his bleeding finger and gasped, \"Tack! You're bleeding!\" He merely shrugged and took his hand away from her much smaller ones and ran it through cold water in the sink beside his work area; glad he had an excuse to turn away from her so she wouldn't see his redden cheeks. She glared at Tack's back and grabbed his hand from under the tap, she then unwound the bleeding digit and slowly covered the wound, making sure it wasn't too tight or too loose. As she worked, she couldn't see blue eyes that softened as they watched her quietly, she may appear timid but she could be pushy when she wanted to be. The fact that she wasn't kicking him for bringing her into a stranger's house was proof enough that she at least slightly trusted the chief, something he was strangely happy about. She tapped the securely wrapped finger gently and finally released the digit; she looked up in time to see his soft blue eyes with something hidden inside, before what seemed like all the blood in his body rose to his cheeks and he swiftly turned to the boiling pot on the stove. Her own cheeks quickly matched his and she too turned away, blindly inspecting her surroundings but not exactly taking anything in. \"So uhhhh Tack, I assume you live alone? How old are you exactly if you do not mind me asking?\" Was that rude of her to ask? She never had before, but it appeared that he did not know exactly who she was so she continued despite what her upbringing had taught her. Stirring silently, Tack contemplated how he should answer his guest's questions; honesty was the best policy he supposed. He nodded his head to her first question, his floppy hat slightly askew, and he blushed suddenly when he lifted his hand into a peace sign, and then held his palm open. Twenty to five?! He was only twenty five and he ran his own restaurant, she was speechless and her respect for Tack rose greatly. She wanted to ask if he took over the restaurant from his parents or a Master, but she knew it must have been a sensitive topic so she kept her questions to herself. He quizzically tilted his head to the side to her to which she assumed he was inquiring her the same questions. She balanced on the balls of her feet and leaned forward, the image she portrayed was of a young maiden enjoying her time; the thought bringing another onslaught of blood rushing to his already warm cheeks, was it getting too hot in his kitchen? She shook her head and her wavy hair fell over one of her dainty shoulders as she explained how she currently lived with her father, not completely going into detail to which Tack respected. She looked away and shyly stated that she was twenty one, and that her birthday had passed recently. A fleeting thought that the city had been in full celebration a few weeks back because the princess had celebrated her twenty first birthday, he pondered for a second whether they could possibly be acquaintances, or maybe she...he vehemently shook his head, the princess in his run down restaurant? Impossible. A comfortable silence draped itself between the two, even when Tack finished the stew and poured her a healthy amount and showed her the way to her seat. As she quietly sat, blowing and stirring her stew, Tack went to the scattered pots and stacked three at a time and carried each stack in each arm; she must say she was impressed, despite his lanky appearance this man was strong and healthy as any other. He had lifted her easily and appeared not to struggle as he carried these pots, each weighing about a ton. She blushed and looked away when she realized that she was oogling this man, let alone stranger, like he was a piece of meat. She concentrated on the bowl in front of her, her stomach silently growling when the smell assaulted her nose; it smelt mouth wateringly divine. After giving thanks she dove in and she nearly cried in relief; one sip had spread warmth to the very tips of her fingers. As if one of the ingredients that were mixed in simply made the soup warm, the concoction was heated to the right temperature and stirred until it was not too runny but not to solid either, almost creamy but smoothly went down without any uncomfortable feeling, quite the opposite. The manners she had been taught went out the window as she quickly devoured her meal, ready for possibly a few more bowls. While she watched Tack wash the pots, his sleeves had been rolled up to his elbows and she could see his revealed forearms, the same ones that carried her securely and she could not help but stare longingly at them. Moving to dry the pots, she snapped her gaze away as Tack moved about the kitchen casually, in that moment she decided she really liked his pale arms. Scooping the remnants of the delectable soup, she finished in time and placed the bowl into the large sink; just in time to tug on Tack's sleeve before he began to pack away the soup. Before he could completely turn to face her, she leaned forward to lightly place her lips against his taught cheek, relaxed back and let go of his sleeve, she sincerely looked up to the young man. \"Thank you for letting me bathe. For feeding me one of the most greatest meals I've ever had the honour of tasting, I'm deeply sorry for my rude behaviour at the start; I should have shown more gratitude than suspicion.\" She then bowed deeply to the shocked man who began to flail his arms, trying to express to her that there was no need to apologize so sincerely and so formally. She looked up and could not cover her giggle at his misshapen appearance, standing straight once more she began to ask if there was any way for her to help him, ending the request with a terribly concealed yawn. Eyes widening, he openly stared at her, completely captivated by this creature, and when she laughed, it was as if Mother Nature picked stars from the endless galaxies and placed them in her eyes. Her laughter sounded like wind chimes during a calm afternoon and her eyelashes fluttered close like butterfly wings; she was simply beautiful. His heart struck with cupid's sixth or seventh arrow that night and he could not resist the pull she had on him, unconsciously leaning towards the siren. ' Be still my heart,' he knew that it was much too late for any more work to be done so he shook his head in negative, or was it to clear his thoughts? He then gently pushed her towards the stairway leading to his bedroom. She rested on his lumpy cot with much protesting until she was too tired to argue, while he, with a rolled up blanket, rested in the bathtub. Glancing back one last time, he bid her a small wave of goodnight before locking the washroom door loudly so she knew that she would have nothing to fear. Despite the large size of the tub, his lanky legs still draped over the edge, it appeared that sleep eluded him. He couldn't understand his sudden onslaught of feelings, it was already late and he couldn't fall asleep; if he were to be honest with himself, it was because of the woman who was currently sleeping on his cot, wearing his clothes. She was a complete stranger, no different then any customer that walked through his threshold, and yet she wasn't just another stranger, she wasn't just a customer; she was so much more. His heart confused him to no end, pulling him in one direction while his mind logically tried to reign in on his overwhelming feelings towards the woman; pulling him in the opposite direction. He tossed and turned for the next hour until his troubled soul finally found rest in the silence. Yumyum wasn't faring any better it seemed, she desperately tried thinking of the pressing matter that she had essentially ran away from home, ran away from a political proposal, was making her Nanny and servants worry, was sleeping in a stranger's bed, and had somehow befriended the kind hearted stranger. But he wasn't just any stranger whispered her heart before she could repress it from slipping into her befuddled mind. Her mind grasped at straws, trying to logically explain her quickened pulse and her feelings when she was near him. Physically trying to shake the thoughts away, she buried her face deeper into the comforting sheets, groaning in exasperation that yes, indeed, the sheets smelt of Tack too. Her short interactions with the young man flashed through her mind without her consent, leaving her smiling to herself, her cheeks flaming. As if she was a teenager again, she kicked her legs continuously and shook her head left and right, smiling maddenly into his pillow; this definitely was not a crush, this could not possibly be a crush, this has nothing to do with his arms or his smell, it wasn't a crush! She restlessly fell asleep, her heart conjuring up warm and fuzzy dreams involving a certain pale man. His inner alarm clock blared and Tack woke with a start, looking around confused as to how he ended up in his bathtub. Memories of the past night and his makeshift bed had him lifting his sore body from the cold porcelain; cracking his neck and rolling his stiff shoulders, the man looked out his washroom window to see that dawn was barely beginning. He needed to prepare his shop for the upcoming day, it was still spring and he could have another rushed day like the previous one. Exiting the washroom, he stretched his long arms above his head, casually he cast a glance down and immediately stilled all movements and breathing. Sleeping quietly, the woman must have moved quite a lot during the night, his large long sleeve dangerously exposing a lot of her creamy midsection, his baggy pants was worn precariously low on her hips; he could just barely see her hip bones peek out to the slowly rising sun. Her face was serene, her regal composure during the beginning of their acquaintance long lost to sleep, her thick black eyelashes hiding the prettiest jewels of the Golden city, in his opinion. Her usually upturned nose was buried somewhere in the sheets, he could see the slope of her high cheeks and the comforting rise and fall of her shoulders. Bed sheets crumpled and pushed aside, she was the perfect definition of comfortable; 'Or beauty,' whispered his traitorous heart. He blushed crimson and slowly loomed over the unconscious body, tugging the blankets and sheets over her until only her closed eyes could be seen. He tip toed his way down the stairs, knowing exactly which step produced no creaking or loud sounds; he didn't want to disturb his guest. Too early to open the shop, he began to take down the drying pots and wiped them clean, doing the same for the plates, bowls, glasses, and utensils. When they all glistened to his standards, he poked his head through his apron and began to tie the frisky strings together, giving up, he let it loose and grabbed his wooden broom. Clean the kitchen before bringing out the ingredients, check. Next sweep the floors, he thought through his mental checklist as he made his way towards the door leading to the dining area and- \"Omf!\" Eyes wide with alarm, he turned around to see who had pulled his strings quite literally and looked down to see a tired but awake guest. \"Tack, that's the first time I've ever heard you make a sound!\" She smiled up at him and pointed to his back \"they were untied.\" He felt a pang of guilt, wondering if he had woken her. His inquiring look made her answer the unasked question, 'I'm an early riser, although I swear I wasn't so tightly wrapped in the blankets..,' she trailed off, shooting his inquiring look back at him with a slowly growing smirk as if she knew all along. He promptly ignored her look while innocently busying himself with his broom. She smiled again and stretched her arms above her head, unknowingly imitating his actions earlier that morning, \"Now, is there anything I can do to help?\" He glanced back and rubbed his chin contemplatively, an idea formed, he pointed through the small windows of the doors leading towards the dining area. She pushed the doors open and looked at what exactly Tack was pointing at, glancing back she shot him an incredulous look, \"You must be jesting.\" As business began that morning, the market buzzed with an air of the usual excitement, lively stall owners bargained with stubborn consumers, woman jostled babies as they gathered their groceries, and children ran around; the mischievous bunches stealing from un-attended shops and hobbles. As he weaved through bustling tables balancing dirty plates and utensils he could not help the smirk from showing when he glanced back to his new 'attraction' once more. His guest sat precariously on a worn and unbalanced stool while wearing his shop's colours, a bright apron, she sat as a stand in who received his customers payments and who took his patrons orders. She really was helping him but she could not help but complain once in awhile about the colourful outfit he had insisted she wear and exclaimed that there was a slight unbalance to the stool that he had given to her on purpose, for her to sit on. She whined it was his small revenge from when she tried to hit him before, which he only fondly chuckled as a reply to her accusations, shaking his head in amusement. She stared gobsmacked shocked at how attractive he looked when he did that little chuckle of his. He had a slight reddening on his cheeks, cheeks that were stretched on both sides to show his straight white teeth and small dimples that she had not noticed before, she even found his teeth attractive! Turning away grumbling, she blushed and sat on her creaking stool so as to not call attention to her quickly bashful attitude; with which he naively tilted his head to the side, wondering what made her quiet so suddenly. He kept a constant watchful eye on her, not to see if she stole or that sort, but to see if there were any… Persistent customers. The town's folks were honest and honourable people but there were always the few who did not get the hint that their attention was not appreciated. It was still early morning so he was not as worried, but he kept one eye on her at all times. As the day progressed he was struck in awe once more by this simple creature. Children fell in love with her and one by one his customers too were captivated by her beauty and her kindness; like a princess in a child's fairy tail. After they spent their break together, him chopping and dicing vegetables and she sneaking a few ingredients to nibble on while retelling stories of the wonderful and exotic places she had traveled to or read about; he decided that today was turning out to be a great day. As evening began to poke it's head through the cooling sky, it seemed like spring's rain would not be appearing for the rest of the night. It was just before the evening's rush hour and Tack had been sweeping the entrance of his humble restaurant. Like the calm before the storm, his restaurant was almost close to vacant except for a couple or two, whom he had already served to and were enjoying their meals greatly. He had given her another break after she had exclaimed that her back was becoming hunched like a bent banana tree, where her whereabouts were at the moment eluded him as he concentrated on preparing for the promised rush of patrons. A long drawn out note from a violin could be heard in the distance which he took no notice to; being in the centre of the town had it's pros, like having the chance to hear talented musicians play their instruments freely. As he swept he could hear the plucking of guitar strings and he could imagine the notes of two unlikely instruments perform with one another, as if the musicians played only to unify their instruments together. The sounds of each instrument contrasted each other greatly, the strings of a violin produced smooth and silky notes that lulled one to sleep, while the bang and snap of a guitar had one dancing and moving under it's spell. But put together, they had one moving fluidly, dancing smoothly like silk. Tack knew that after such a great song had begun, it promised a skilled dancer to perform, one that drew in the crowd, seducing them to join in the coming together of instruments. Taking a quick glance up, he could hear and see the slowly growing crowd that had gathered, gasps of awe and clapping could be heard- a dancer had finally joined. Even he was tempted to go up and peek at the performer, as often as you hear great songs played in the centre, it was rare for a dancer to stick around and perform; many people knew not how to and if one had the talent, they usually didn't stick around the smaller and secluded parts of the grand city of Baghdad. It was nearing supper time and yet his part time assistant was nowhere to be seen, where she had run off to was beyond him. As he stood in her place, he welcomed in a small group of men talking excitedly of the street performance just outside, specifically the woman dancer that was attracting the multitude. As he showed them their tables a comment struck him still, \"...she's quite the dancer, how she moved with such skill. What confuses me is her costume, strange isn't it? Usually they wear silk or at least garment that's see through am I right? She appeared to be wearing a man's shirt-\" at that he quickly bowed to his new customers and handed them the menu, speed walking out of his restaurant without a glance back at the confused stares. Tack made his way through the clapping and cheering crowd, pushing and shoving as politely and gently as he could. He was quite well known and this was occurring right in front of his shop, people made way when they saw exactly who was pushing; out of respect and caution because they knew of his skill with a knife. As he finally made it to the inner circle he had to blink more times than once. His guest/part timer was the dancer. She was the crowd maker and the crowd pleaser. The men had been wrong; she didn't need silk or a see through costume, her skill and each step she took was captivating enough. The tacks balancing precariously on his lips almost fell when he watched her do intricate flips, backwards, forwards, in circles, she danced as if she had been dancing all her life. She didn't exactly move so fluidly around his little restaurant but he should have noticed, should have taken note of how light she was on her feet, the muscles in her calves; obvious beckons that she had done some sort of physical practice. He could not help but stare in awe as she moved, underlining the true beauty of a guitar and violin duet. She moved with such speed and grace his eyes could not catch up to her in time, she was spell binding, but to be more precise, she was the one casting the spells. The unique duet ended, the song finished too quickly and he was pulled forward 3 years later, at the present time, standing and watching the princess dance in the courtyard with her own people once more. The past 3 years rushed back to him as if a very far, very distant memory, or memory of a forgotten dream. Oh. The evening had darkened significantly and he must have zoned out for a while, and yet he can still pick her out in a multitude of swaying bodies. She had a small satisfied smile on her rosy lips, her hair whipping around her and he can feel himself once more slip back into a memory when that playful smile was directed to him. He shook his head violently, his hat flopping this way and that, and leant against his worn broom casually, feigning ease that did not show his flustered inner self. She did not come often, or as often as she would have liked to, he knew, he also knew his shop was her own secret oasis from her life of prestige and nobility. He also knew that somehow, some way, she had become his own personal oasis from his repetitive routine of a life. How foolish he was to think she would stay by his side as a friend, a coworker, and hopefully even more… It was a complete and utter shock when she revealed to him what he did not see from the start; it was a wonder how he did not know and for such a long time. But that's another story altogether. Their friendship only grew stronger but so did his blossoming feelings, feelings he knew were forbidden and impossible. So he told himself day after day that he was satisfied by simply being near her, subjecting himself to an eternal, one-sided, romance with an out-of-his-reach princess. Closing his eyes, head bent and shaking, he drew away from his viewing spot and continued on with his customers constant demand for his cooking. Sounds penetrated his once silent and serene state of thought and his body quickly jumped into the fray of shouting customers and attention seeking dirty plates and tables. He did not run or panic and with years of experience, he took all of the needed orders and leftover plates in stride, meeting all of his patrons demands with a silent smile. Making a mental checklist of needed ingredients, Tack buckled down for another chaotic night, his thoughts miles away from his deeply buried feelings towards one princess in particular. Author's Note or whatever people call these. Disclaimer I think they call it? Okay guys. I don't own a thing obviously, if I did, oh man, I'd finish the recobbled cut and make sure everyone knew that Aladdin had practically stolen this movie's storyboard. Sorry to all the Aladdin fans but the truth is in the pudding people. (Proof, truth, same thing) I own that at least. I might continue this, might not, we'll see. Enjoy and I hope you have a good day. P.S. Is it washroom or wash room? And yes autocorrect, I know Yumyum sounds absurd but I have no choice okay?[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I'm still not really good at this disclaimer thing. Here's a really long and messy one-shot. There's probably a lot of verbal diarrhea messily thrown here and there but meh, I wanted try try this plot for a while, OH! That's mine, the plot I mean. Characters aren't mine, the setting and City aren't mine. All belong to you-know-who. Yeah that wasn't mine either. So what started off as a spiel (autocorrect changed shpeal to spiel, ain't that neat?) ended up being a full blown thingy, so bare with me. A lot of politics and such, prepare thyself. Slight M okay, SLIGHT M. I WARN THEE. Sorta implied but nothing too explicit. I played with the idea that Tack could look pretty intimidating if he fixed his stare towards you, his silence could make people feel uncomfortable and unsure of how to act or how to respond to someone like him. Tack is a tad bit (coughreallyreallyreallycough) talkative here, so OOC alert, you've been warned! She was cold. Cold meant the lack or absence of warmth or heat. Which honestly didn't make much sense to her. She was wrapped securely in her husband's thickest long sleeve, wearing his baggiest pair of comfortable wool pants, and the smallest pair of socks she could find in his drawer abundant of materials; she couldn't say clothes because his old habits of all fabrics going into one space had yet to wear off. The borrowed clothes were well worn, some had holes and questionable frayed edges, strings left sticking out and uncut. His shirts and sleeved shirts came in many neutral colours, some colours she couldn't even put a name to, which had obviously seen better and brighter days. Some had criss-crossed, colourful patchwork clumsily sewn on to them and a few lucky ones appeared to survive long years without any mismatching patches. His shirts appeared to look stuffy and stiff but once worn, it felt like the finest of silks against her skin. He being a former cobbler and very well versed in an array of textures and colours of material, she wouldn't have been surprised if her husband had actually found the highest quality of fabric in the world. After gazing at the ceiling of intricate and complex patterns of shapes and colours, a ceiling she had become well accounted with on such nights, a sigh of frustration escaped the queen's pouty lips. The Golden country was never entirely asleep, streets were always lit despite the lurking shadows behind unturned boxes. Silence never lasted too long between households and restaurants, whether it was the creak of old wood or the screech of grating metal. Back alleys and pathways always held a sense of mystery and undiscovered adventure, yet, hand in hand, promised darker, more terrifying nightmares. Feet, covered or uncovered, always scuttered quickly across paved stones, creatures of the night awake and moving. Wind whistled past structures, spooking and teasing sleeping children. It would ghost along dome roofs and would rustle restless cloth, whether curtain or dirty rags. Stray animals and people howled into the night, for reasons of pain and loneliness alike. Flavourful scents from the days baked goods or well cooked meals would dance mockingly under the noses of empty grumbling stomachs. No, her city never slept. There she laid in their shared bed, listening to the thrum of her city, probably the warmest body currently resting in her palace. And yet she was cold. Not an inch of her skin revealed itself and yet her arms were littered with gooseflesh, small hands wrestled with the thick comforter and her feet kicked out from underneath her, she shifted and fidgeted into a position that was passable enough to try fooling her body into another night of sleep. It was probably passed midnight and heading towards the early hours of day. After another groan of frustration, she twisted her body's position once more, kicking her legs hazardously out of the once comforting and now suffocating blanket, she rolled off of her side of the bed and onto his. What a mistake. She was instantly remind of why she had securely wrapped herself in her blankets on her side of the bed and away from his . It was inevitable honestly. Lilac eyes widening a fraction then instantly shutting, she carelessly buried her face into the mattress, all the while forcing out all the air in her lungs so that she could take one large- Inhale. She took long deep inhalations, capturing the smell and holding her breath, like a child dared to hold their breath underwater, for as long as she could. She tried her best to trap the essence before releasing a long and drawn out breath. His scent had been worn out of the clothes she wore that night in the first few days he had left and already she craved his return. Face still buried in the mattress on his side of the bed, another bout of childish selfishness attacked the queen's beating organ. He promised it would only take a few days, less than a week he had said. It has now been fifteen days bordering sixteen and she was currently losing her will of leaving their shared mattress every morning, even pushing away her duties of a political step-in leader for the moment. Yes she knew it was childish, yes she knew she was acting ten or even twenty years younger than her age, but come on, this is the longest time he's left her side. She knew letters were out of the option as it would have taken one week for a letter of greeting to arrive (she knew, they've tried), she couldn't complain because this was an extremely serious matter that he could not easily say no to, despite being the king. But he promised and he always tried his best in keeping them. She had nothing to complain about, she knew what she had to endure the moment she said her vows to the man. The man who was currently lacking and she knew that despite not returning in the time he promised, he will still return to her arms. But that did little to ease her frayed nerves. Gods she missed him. She couldn't even stay mad at him while he was away, she couldn't even pretend; trust her, she tried. She already knew that the stage of forgiveness had been passed and pure yearning for him to return had been all that was left. One does not understand the true meaning of patience until the due date of an anticipated arrival had been delayed for an unmentionable amount of time, never knowing when and helplessly left to just wait and see. She was pushing herself, she could feel the emotional strain affecting her physically. She smiled at her servants less and less, tuned out her father's snores and speeches altogether, even visited Tack's shop more frequently than was socially acceptable, despite being cleaned out and rebuilt. Her Nanny grew more and more concerned for her as each day passed, despite her constant reassurance, made up of poorly thought up excuses that Queen Yum-Yum was quickly running out of. The nights were hard and fitful, Yum-Yum never leaving the bed with more than three or four hours of restless sleep. The country he was visiting, Bhasa, had been causing a commotion for a few months now near the southern borders of the Golden country, but it was only recently that a formal declaration of war had been sent by bird to the king. After two weeks of consulting his committee, making plans of peace offering and alternative routes, and preparing for a long journey, the king had set off to face the looming promise of war. She understood his position, she grew up around the snooty hierarchies, monarchies, impossible-to-deal-with political leaders, and he hadn't. And yet he jumped head first into the debauchery of politics with a lingering kiss to her temple and a promise to return to her side in week's time. Unhealthy bouts of 'what ifs' attacked her daily after the ninth day passed and his return still prolonged, her thoughts filled with turmoil and distress over his safety constantly. On her daily walks through the markets of her Golden city, her ears were always peeked, always tentative and listening silently for any mentionings of raids; radical groups; or political leaders being kidnapped in the neighboring country. She learned that her citizens were quote the gossipers. Sighing for the umptenth time that day- or was it early morning already? She reluctantly pushed herself off his side of the mattress, one arm helplessly covering her vivid violet eyes while the other draped precariously onto his side, her right hand landing on an object that easily deflated under her weight. Raising her arm curiously, she shot an annoyed glance at what could possibly interrupt her brooding mood at a time and place such as here and now. His pillow. Gingerly, she hesitantly reached towards the inviting object near their headboard, it lay there innocently as if it did no wrong. Her temptation to bury her nose in this specific object plagued her thoughts each night, when their chamber was doused in darkness. But before her fingers even touched the soft fabric, she narrowed accusatory eyes towards the offending cushion and in a fit only on the level of a well known and mature queen could possess- she whipped the white plushy headrest at the wall with all the force she could muster. Deflating against the pristine marble wall, she felt mocked as she saw that the pillow hadn't even made a sound when it hit the hard surface, not like she was expecting it to cause any real damage or large commotion. Miffed, she hastily turned and grabbed whatever blanket she could reach, cocooned herself, encasing her petite frame in her blankets, and grumbled incoherently about offensive pillows as she felt slight anger bubble up inside her towards the innocent object. Who even had pillows, who had the bright idea of even placing such an offensive, ...such an offensive thing in her bed chambers, she would have their necks wringed, who had the audacity to even have such a thing, who- It was his pillow. As the thought crossed her mind, she noticeably deflated, her shoulders drooping instantly; she physically and mentally felt her childish anger leave her being, a cold and empty feeling of loneliness left behind. Long lashes nearly kissed her cheek as her eyes fell onto their shared mattress, downcasted. Gods. Where was her clumsy husband to laugh at her childish tendencies. She released an imprisoned arm underneath her to prop herself up and casted a quick glance over her shoulder at the white object sitting on the floor. It was leaning against the wall, as if it was patiently watching her this whole time while she internally struggled with herself. With a resigned sigh, she liberated the tight grip she had on her bed cover and freed the rest of her body from the bed. A shiver raced up her spine when her bare foot touched the cold surface of the floor, already she longed to return to the safe haven that was their bed. Quickly gazing once more at the item, his item, on the floor; she heaved a resigned sigh and with much difficulty; escaped the clutches of comfort and ambled her way towards the plushy cushion she had once felt such anger towards. She timidly reached for the cold pillow and hugged it to her tight chest. If he had slept with her the previous nights, she would have been able to smell the scented oils he used to wash his hair. They used the same oils, much to everyone's surprise, the scandal! He had refused the exclusive soaps and oils that were traditionally given to the king and had demanded to use the same ones she, the queen, used, much to everyone's chagrin. She had flushed rouge and waved away their inquiring gazes with a promise to speak to him later on the matter. Much to her curiosity and amusement, he refused to answer her when the topic had been brought up; he had quickly glanced away so as to not look into her delighted eyes in case he became spellbound by her and all hope of keeping the answers to himself would vanish at her command. However, it did not bother her in the least so she halted her inquisition and the topic ended there. She felt a small genuine smile creep onto her lips at the memory of another warm moment shared between her lover, the moment she realized that despite using the same oils and soaps, Tack still held onto his unique and male musk, his own personal elixir in her opinion, one she dearly longed to whiff at this very moment. Only a dull aroma held itself in between each individual stitch of the cover and she hugged his pillow closer, eyes slightly prickling with tears and the tell tale ball of nerves forming at the base of her throat began to form. Damnation! Even bathing became a physically difficult feat nowadays because of him! When she was doused in the fragrant oils, her sense of sight and taste would shut down, the sensitivity of her awareness to smells and textures increasing greatly. All of a sudden it was his smooth, unblemished, chest ghosting against her shoulder blades; his soft reassuring hands combing their way through her black tresses. It was his shaky breath licking the sensitive skin of her nape, his strong and firm forearms that her hands desperately grasped onto for support, not the porcelain edge of the large tube. It was his dark, promising chuckle that shook her very core, reverberating in the bathing chambers; not the loud gurgling produced by the drains as the lukewarm water drained into the pipes. It was the closest she'd ever been, she thought with clouded want fogging her vision, to going mad. All she could think of was how she felt surrounded by him, despite the lack of his unique scent that usually mingled with the essence. It left her breathless and aching for him. She felt thoroughly and completely powerless in those moments. Inhaling gulps of air, she heavily exhaled through her nose as the bout of sadness passed gradually, angrily swiping away any rebel tears that latched itself onto her lashes; she mentally berated herself. She was not going to be the helpless damsel in distress, she had been ruling this country, successfully she coldly added, and she could last another week or however long he wished to disappear for. With a huff, she wrapped herself in a cloak of shimmering anger and began grumbling to nothing in particular once more. She dragged her cold feet towards their bed, trudging forward with newfound vigor and plopped lazily onto her back. The pillow still clutched closely to her chest. Her exhausted mind had finally caught up to her tired body, and it was almost nearing daybreak, eyes drooped and her arm instinctively hugged the pillow impossible closer; she shifted unceremoniously onto her side and burrowed her nose into his pillow. Too tired to even pull the covers over herself, the queen laid precariously on top of their comforter. Her brow furrowed and a pout left on her plump lips, the restless queen found solace in the arms of unconsciousness. Her mental count ticking off another day without her husband by her side. -x- He was dangerously close to wringing their necks. Tack honestly considered himself to be a gentle spirit at heart with a bottomless amount of patience that rivalled his close and unexpected friend, that just so happened to be a thief, that like he, rarely spoke. But this was pushing his already worn out patience and he was very close to the precipitous of his mounting anger. His composure was key in most of the situations he found himself in in the past two weeks and he diligently endured, even when he felt like he would snap from these imbeciles that dared to paint her beautiful city in words of deceit and lies. He felt the physical weight of all eyes in the room bore down on him. Aggressive glares aimed at his person from across the table, were full of doubts on his decisions and glee at seeing his internal struggle. His royal blue robes, silk to the touch, calmed him as he traced the comforting gold star patterns that were sprinkled throughout the blue backdrop; thick gold bands sewn into the edges were a familiar place for his fingers to lovingly stroke. Unperturbed, his hooded eyes rose from his long skeletal fingers, he was all too aware that this was a battle of wills; a battle he had willingly opened his arms to in order to keep her securely by his side. Thunderous waves of longing and loneliness rose up unbidden and he almost released a choked gasp at the suddenness, unprepared for the near death grip the mere thought of her had on his heart. Shutting his eyes quickly and upholding the posture of pensively thinking, he stifled his raging emotions within, pushed them into the recesses of his mind and his pounding organ. Calm he begged his heart, please. There was no place for feelings in this cut-throat arena. He bid all thoughts of her away from his waning concentration and focused on the situation at hand. Calm and finally collected after a few seconds of panicked breathlessness, Tack fixed his hard gaze towards the leaders of Bhasa. From the past two weeks he had noticed a very crucial key in all of these passing days full of pointless arguments and debates. The country of Bhasa's political leaders were scared. They were intimidated by the king of the Golden City. He emitted an aura of authority when sitting in the middle of his council and he faced the accusing leaders head on, a silent force of conviction with the capability of crushing any opposing forces. It was installed in him that in order to keep her securely in his arms, he had to amount to their demands and whims until he had reached his country's expectations, reach and exceed them he did. It was only because of her that he even had the chance to prove himself, it was only because of her that he persevered. She was his reason and his steel backbone since the moment fate had blessed him the day he set his unworthy eyes on her beautiful form. A weak groan echoed in his mind when he realized where his thoughts had led him to once more. He pushed the thoughts of his tempting wife back where he had jammed the rest of his longing for his queen, right beside his waning self restraint that had kept him this long away from her arms. Years of strict lessons, sleepless nights full of cramming and scrolls piled high enough to reach the ceiling, decisions that had led to failures, and enduring classes that pushed him to the brink of dead exhaustion only to repeat the next day; had been worth the moment he was declared worthy to stand beside her on equal ground. He had come a long way from the fumbling pauper sprawled out on the streets and he was proud of who he was and of who he had become. Yes he had changed dramatically from his simple cobbler days, but that is not to say that he was a different man. He held on to what he believed to be was right and for the greater good for his people, he believed that he led his people with a just and balanced system and he never sought for anything more than what he had. He was unprejudiced and he interacted with other leaders courteously and reasonably. But when it came to useless discussions such as these, Tack had to draw the line somewhere. He did not speak often, but when he did all eyes and heads were turned and he was given all who were present's undivided attention. This silent power he emitted intimidated and aggravated the opposing leaders and they verbally attacked Tack and his council day in and day out. What had started out as a peaceful meeting of discussion had bubbled into a raging inferno of bruised pride and whispered talk on both sides. Tack did not wish to exploit this new found power he held over the opposing side but the fact still remained and his councilmen had readily demanded he take violent actions against their proposition of war. Recriminations of false raids and stolen goods, assassination attempts and false records of harmed citizens had been brought up in this long droned out meeting of the two strong countries; and Tack had had enough. His teachers and guardians would have commended him for his patience if they knew of his situation. No one dared to push the silent man, not one had the courage to see what exactly would happen if the pale king was aggravated further than he already was. If one were to walk by an open door to this room full of diplomats and political leaders and peered inside, one would think that the silence had meant there was some progress being made between the two countries. But what was not obviously displayed for outsider eyes, was that the silence meant the brooding before an all consuming storm hit its intended target. Tack pierced his glacier eyes onto the men sitting opposite him and he openly glared, not a sound escaping the erratically beating hearts of those witnessing such a cold and vacant stare. His subordinates, both young and old, internally flinched away at the dark aura that surrounded their leader. This was possibly the closest they had seen their King act so aggressively towards other political heads and the councilmen internally sighed, not for the first time, a silent sigh of relief that Tack was their leader and never on the opposite side of the table to them. Without consulting his councilmen, Tack wordlessly reached into the manila folder innocently resting under his long interlaced fingers and pulled out neatly stacked files and forms. They were crisp and clean, not a speck of dirt or a disgraceful crease could be seen. The tension in the room rose to heights only Tack could have caused with his unprecedented actions; as the silent and intimidating man continued to remove file after file onto the dark mahogany wood table. Good. He had their attention. All occupants in the room waited with baited breath as they watched the king form organized and neat piles of documents. Nervous eyes widened in horror with recognition at what exactly had been presented on the table, fear and anger boiled dangerously close beneath skin as the opposing leaders began to flush silently at the gravity of their situation. Hands trembled and shook, palms became slicked with sweat; the temperature rose with the tension to suffocating levels. Tack once more gazed towards the men once more, finished with the forms resting innocently in front of him. Before one of his cocky subordinates commented something unnecessarily, Tack rose his hand to silence the foolish man. This needed to be done professionally or else whatever the man said could have caused the Golden Country's citizen's safety and he would not tolerate such a thing. \"I have reason to believe that your accusations of the infidelities that my fellow country men had committed against your citizens have been all but that, accusations.\" His deep voice shocking the occupants on both sides of the table, he had never spoken a peep in the past sixteen days until now. He stood tall and proud, his chair barely making a noise as the back of his knees stretched the towering figure to his looming height. His words were above a whisper but appeared to boom in the ears of the jostled and slowly panicking men sitting in front of him. \"These are first hand reports of the farmers, citizens, men and women, from both sides of the border; from what I have read from all of the one hundred and four accounts, none of your statements align with either citizens.\" His patience bellied his next actions as he gently placed both open palms over said documents and leaned closer to the heavily breathing leaders, whose faces began to flush by each passing second. Before a brave leader could gasp out a rebuttal, Tack quickly pierced him with a cold look, \"Yes, they are all authentic and have been approved by your councilmen, which appear to have the mental capacity of actually listening to the citizen's instead of jumping to aggressive action without taking into account the consequences.\" He paused for a moment and shook himself internally, stay focused, he chided. \"Most of the conflict that we have encountered had been from the rebel groups that you had failed to mention even once these past two weeks of meetings. The Golden City will continue to tolerate your pointed fingers but before forcing the blame of your failed control over rebel groups onto my innocent citizens, I must strongly advise you to think thoroughly of your actions and the consequences they may have on the thin treaty between both countries.\" A collective gasp forced its way out of tight throats, the room instantly dousing in cold frigid temperatures at the hidden implications of the mighty king. A brave soul, or possibly a stupid politician, growled, his face flushed red as he shot up from his seat, causing his chair to fall over with a loud clatter. A large finger pointed accusingly at Tack who looked on impassively, his poised demeanor deterring the reddening man. \"How dare you condemn us of lying and cheating,\" he spluttered to make coherent sentences as all eyes shot towards him, some of his fellow men shooting looks of warning and panic towards the politician. \"It was your maggot people that burned down our land and stolen our goods, this has nothing to do with the rebel groups, which you had no business in knowing, snooping around like the slimy king you are! Your city probably lied and cheated their way to where they are today and I wouldn't be surprised if the political system is as corrupt as the One-Eyed !\" Deathly silence reigned down on the room and only the huffing of the politician could be heard. He calmed his erratically beating pulse, he hurtled promises of his queen's embrace at his self control, said control dangerously slipping through his fingers like the sand of this country. Years of practiced patience had allowed him to diminish his growing instinct to casterate this particular man that dare called himself a leader. The audacity of them to freely criticize her beautiful people, mock and antagonize the blood, sweat, and tears, she invested into her country, point dirty fingers at the hard work she dutifully governed. The silence that followed consumed all present and invisible hands choked the man as Tack stared him down with his eerie blue gaze. The varying temperatures clashed, both extremes of panicked heat and merciless cold battled in the small meeting chamber, all occupants torn from either shivering in their robes or pulling at tight collars. \"You have been sprouting incessant lies these past few days, lies with which have no physical proof or background. I have stood by and bore through them, I took no offence to your accusations towards my country while you continued to disrespect it so openly in front of me.\" This time his voice really was at the level of whispers, dropping octaves below his normal level, that some men and women had to lean close to hear the anger filled words. Do not let his words distract you from the main point, do not let him draw you into pointless circles that will cause this debate to continue on to another day. No. He was finishing this now. \"Both my workers, and if you had payed any attention, your people, had unceasingly spread far and wide from border to border, searched high and low for any proof to back your accusation. Yet each party came back with more proof against your rebels and more evidence that the Golden Country had no hand in this.\" At the mention of proof, the door swung open and helpers carried stacks of documents and folders and obediently set the piles down on the available surface of the table that the king had vacated. \"Your false lies and deceit, which is against the law, could have you and the entirety of your congregation thrown into the jail house in less than a day.\" Even the man that had so pressingly accused him took a step back at the now hostile fixation. He silently regarded each quaking man with a frozen stare, piercing each with a silent challenge to further irk his ire towards them, \"My company and I have been nothing but courteous and patient with these nonsensical meetings, and you better pray to the gods above that our Queen is as forgiving as I.\" \"I believe we are finished with discussing war between the two respective countries?\" When not one man or woman responded, Tack nodded his head as a silent confirmation. The tension broke soon after between the two parties and murmurs spread through the room quickly, sweat dropped and lungs were able to properly function once more as air was finally allowed into the room. The two countries were once more in a tentative yet peaceful relationship. For now. Tack continued to stand silently, assessing each and every man's face to gauge their reaction to see if in their gaze there laid hidden any leftover anger or malice towards him. All he could see were resigned faces of tired men, their fight leaving them in the face of the consequences of their actions. Tack can clearly see that Bhasa did not have a strong political base, forcing the whole system to balance dangerously on lose laws and weak legs. Sitting before him were men that could not come together, which sadly, in turn, caused an internal rebellion force to quickly rise up against the weak law. They had had enough from the lack of support that the government refused to provide, well at least based on the reports he had meticulously poured his attention over. These rebellions caused terror and fear to grip the citizens, forcing them to look at these men for guidance with which they could not provide. Pity strongly overwhelmed him and Tack struggled to decide what to do. If he were to step in now, this country will depend heavily on him, he would need to oversee areas of power so that decisions were made for the people and not to fatten up these men any further. Not only would the attention he held towards his country be divided, they had never formally asked for his helping hand in their dire situation altogether, his invasive actions would be seen as a take over. But if this city were to become crippled, the Golden Country's dependence on their resources will cause business to deplete significantly. He was stuck. He had finally finished what was needed to be done but an unprecedented situation had reared it's head right after. The future well being of his country was in slight risk but was he ready to govern another city? ' What would Yum-Yum do? ', a small voice crooned in the back of his mind. He looked at the forlorn faces of the men sitting in front of him. He decided then and there what he must do. He silently made his way back to the table and took out another folder that he knew would seal the deal between the two regions. The king then proceeded to bring out files and to the other party's astonishment, what looked to be profiles of the rebels groups, manila folders of about two dozen, centimeters thick, spilt open; names of individual men and women messily scribbled onto each one as sketches in kohl reached the men across him. He stood tall once more, his height looming over all those who quickly followed their king's lead; they stood waiting for Tack's further orders. Tack glanced at the files and the piles of paperwork that he and his council had to produce, the hard work his agents and subordinates had to endure in order to meet his demands in such a short amount of time. Glancing about the tense room, the wasted time and energy that had taken place inside these four walls. His gaze swept towards the pitiful men once more, calculatingly assessing the situation before continuing his piece. \"You have greatly offended the face of the Golden City. Count your blessings that they sent the king and not my counterpart, she would have immediately sent you all to the gallows for half the things you've smeared the name of her country with.\" The political leaders left sitting behind stared openly, eyes wide and almost bulging with their jaws slack. Adam's apples bobbed at the insinuating comment. If they thought the king was dangerously intimidating, they did not want any future encounters with the Queen of the city; the Rose of the land, or so the whispers that followed her called her with reverence. \"Despite your transgressions and accusations aimed towards the King in the past few days, the Golden City will be overlooking such treason and is extending a hand towards your country, if our forces or resources are in dire need, please,\" he paused momentarily and looked at the poorly lost men sitting down; his eyes softened with sympathy, his rough tone soothing out to an almost whisper, \"Contact us and we will derive an appointed day convenient for both parties to meet and civilly discuss.\" He ended the meeting with a soft inclining of his head. Tack nodded his head once in a quick motion and his company quickly shuffled out of the stuffy room, the tension of his speech still hanging in the air. Tack's personal Royal Guard, Roofless and the Brigands, stood at attention waiting for their king to exit the room, respect radiating off him and his men as they had once again seen the strength that the silent man possessed. Tack had put his foot down in concrete decision against his councilmen as he fought to keep the loyal Brigands as his guard. Much to the council's dismay, the young king would not budge or even open a point of negotiation, reluctantly appeasing the fuming king and accepting the rough ruffians as the Royalty's personal guard. The king nodded when passing the burly men, comforted with the thought that after hours of standing on guard outside of the meeting room, his men were finally able to rest. The King slowed his brisk pace and lagged to the back of his company, quietly observing as the tension visually left his high strung supporters and councilmen. They made their way past beautiful palace corridors, the path now memorized after two weeks; potted plants or varying sizes and vases of jade and aloe Vera greeted them as they ventured further and further away from that damned room. They passed gorgeous open windows and smoothly carved marble pillars as the sun bled outside, coating the opposite walls they easily passed with striking shades of oranges and reds. He quietly observed the setting sun, taking note the chilly bite of the wind as it scurried past the legs of his company. It was colder here he absentmindedly noted, something he could tell her once he returned. Despite having full confidence in their king, they could not entirely predict the outcome of the eminent possibility of war between both countries. Sleepless nights full of scouting groups, scribbled on maps, and rations shared; the king shut his eyes and sent a prayer of gratitude above for the people who were already joyously celebrating in front of him. He could not have had the confidence to be so aggressive with his decision if it were not for their research and their sweat that was put into finding each rebellion member. For the first time in two weeks, the mighty king finally relaxed his shoulders, his left hand grabbing his right shoulder and unceremoniously rolling his right arm around, rotating it clockwise repeatedly before stretching both arms high above his head until a loud pop was heard. A guard that walked in step beside her king (what had finally become a norm after Tack demanded to walk with his guards as equals, much to everyone's amazement), watched in amusement as her king repeated his arm stretches on his opposite arm. After he had finally felt more at ease, she sent a sidelong glance to the king's slightly slouched posture. \"Shall we head home, your Majesty?\", she inquired quietly. Tack slowly turned his tired gaze to the young, albit short, female guard at his side and grinned warmly at the mention of finally returning home after such a prolonged trip. Unbeknownst to him, her cheeks traitorously bled crimson at the sudden action, she quickly excused herself from his presence to which he obliviously nodded his assent; despite being a few years older, he was still quite the handsome man. As she scurried away from his side, she mentally berated her behavior. She rejoined her celebrating brothers as she mentally chided herself; as a personal guard and a new member of the Brigands, she couldn't behave like a lovesick schoolgirl! Especially towards her charge! No matter how handsome his smile made his visage look and no matter how enticing his silent charm could be. He was an ignorant heartbreaker when he resided in the palace as a young king-in-training, all female guards and handmaids could pitch in their wistful encounters with the young man. Gone were his rugged and worn clothes of a pauper man, replaced with fine silks and shirts that were meant to be tucked into his trousers, but because he hadn't gotten used to such life style, he had casually left un-tucked. Whispers would follow the halls he walked through and the mute man had falsely assumed that he was being judged, looked down upon; when it was actually quite the opposite. Alas, that is story is for another time. As the kind guard left his side, Tack continued to follow his company, impatient to get back to where they have been residing so that they can quickly pack, then quickly leave for the Golden City. In a manner of haste and speed he silently prayed. If he thought those measly leaders were the real test on his patience, he wasn't sure what the slow two day journey would do to his already straining patience. If he hadn't made it this far he would have thought that the gods were playing a cruel and sick game on him, placing bets on how long it would take before his control finally snapped. Heaving a deep sigh, the thought of home at that very moment sounded perfect to his tired heart. My desert Rose. Wait for me a little longer. -x- As his lithe, predatory form finally disappeared out of sight, a collective sigh filled the now wary silence that hung heavily over their aging heads. The sunset leaked through the heavy curtains and the dying sun beams danced over the files messily scattered about the table; shadows stretching and lurking behind unopened folders. They had just had their behind quite shamefully handed to them and with piles stacked high of evidence and sketches of the real criminals, dread and shame filled their chest cavities; they had so ignorantly pointed at the next person closest to their borders. They pushed all their problems onto the innocent, not only wasting their time and resources, but wasting the other country's time and energy. Who's bright idea was it to declare war on such an unexpected opponent? My did they point at the wrong person to blame. Never again will they purposely antagonize the Golden City and their leaders after having such a memorable taste of their king. -x- The moon sat over them, overseeing every moving form; it played with the stars and casted shadows as if it was the sun of the night. The bright disk was almost full but not quite, the tallest being towering over any poor architectural structure, a mockery of measurement when it came to height. A smaller moon, not in the shape of a circle, roamed the hallways and passed corridors as the earthly king made his way back to his own personal room. After walking through the lounges his underlings resided in, personally bowing and thanking each member, promising a day of rest or an increased salary at their return; Tack finally closed the solid door to his own personal lodging. He shot a wary glance at the cold and bare walls that looked back at him silently, it was never the same when he left the secure and comforting walls of the Golden city. His blue eyes dropped all pretenses when in his own privacy, light electrifying blue irises took in his dark surroundings. The room held the standard king sized bed, much to his dismay, when he had politely declined such extravagances and asked for a simple cot. He would have cracked a small chuckle at their comical expressions if he hadn't been serious. His eyes glazed over the large side table and stared at the small and simple bouquet of flowers that innocently rested in a small glass vase, conveniently placed on the ledge of the open window. Every other country or city he had set foot in always felt wrong in its own way, there were many certain aspects that reminded him of his home, sometimes they were painful to the point of forcing him to look away, and sometimes there were aspects that left him with a warm ache in the center of his chest. The sight before him set his broad chest ablaze and he urged himself to look away from the painful image. But despite his aching heart, he found himself tentatively walking towards the small bundle of flowers. She had large pots of ferns and plants; some had long spindly arms that would droop whenever she had forgotten to water them. They were scattered randomly throughout the palace, he unconsciously smiled, as he reached the window's ledge. Fond memories of simple late evenings, their joined hands gently swaying forward and back between them as they walked side by side, watering each and every plant, always making sure to reach every single one. In their room there were at least two large..well, he couldn't exactly call them pots because the mere size of them, spanning about a meter in diameter, were huge. He admittedly tripped and bumped over them more times than he could count on both hands, and he couldn't confidently put names to all them. His right hand had been softly glossing over the purple petal of the flower as the memory melted away. His eyes once more faded into dull blue and he released a sigh into the night as he dropped his outstretched hand. Turning and walking away swiftly, he kept his mind occupied as he quickly sorted and organized his possessions, packing for tomorrow's journey, What he abhorred the most were nights away from his bed. Their bed. All nights bled into one big, lonely, and pitless emptiness. It painfully reminded him of a time long before his diplomacy, where he sat in a dark and lonely prison cell, dug deep into the earth, with only mice and a large ball of chain as companions. He didn't know which was more torture, being that much closer to her in the same palace with only a few floors below her bedchamber for distance; or when he was millions of miles away from her lying in a cold bed while she rested in theirs. He would sometimes chuckle at the irony, he worked his hardest to keep her at his side, which only resulted in driving him further and further away from her's. He could only hope that she was able to rest in the familiarity of their bed. A selfish part of him, a part that he made sure never saw the light of day, wished that she slightly felt off balanced without his presence, but his worry for her well being overcame such dark thoughts. Temptation licked at his heart as the thought of unearthing her silk scarf wrapped around the small amount of oils he had left, pressed down on his all too aware consciousness. He had rationed his use of the precious soaps until one stressful night led him to use up almost all of her oils, the night he had broken his promise to her. He shook his head, her scent alone would not tame his thundering heart this time and he knew it would only be a waste. Shaking the melancholy thoughts from his mind as best as he could, Tack prepared for another sleepless night. Stripping down and changing into loose bottoms, he stood before the inviting mattress. Moon beams streaked across his naked chest, but if her eyes weren't there to appreciate the view, he held no care for it. Blue eyes glared at the bed, stared relentlessly as if he expected the bed to start sweating profusely in nervousness. Yum-Yum was supposed to be right there , she would have one of her curvaceous legs strawn across the blankets, her petite body impossibly occupying the entire bed and he would have to carry her limp limbs to even garner a sliver of their mattress. Hanging his head after a few seconds of useless glaring, the mighty king plopped onto the mattress and felt the familiar cushion he had grown accustomed to in his two week stay. The thought manifested into a physical scowl to mar his pale features. He didn't want to be accustomed to anything that wasn't her. The pale man lazily flipped his body so he faced the ceiling, growling in frustration at the familiarity. He was only accustomed to the cursed ceiling because he barely slept on this plush bed, he had countlessly stared into the oblivion that the ceiling conveniently provided. She lacked in everything around him and therefore he could not sleep calmly. Only after forced attempts was he able to squeeze in a few hours of disturbed sleep. He wiped his scowling face, he could feel his mood darkening, a frustrated sigh escaping his partially parted lips. He looked down at his cracked and callused hands with hard eyes; hands that were now too big and too empty when her's weren't filling the spaces. His arms held no purpose if she wasn't in them. His chest was just a vast space until she filled it, his ears were deaf unless she breathed life into them. The cork that held his tortured emotions in check crumbled away and visions of her quickly flashed through his destitute mind. He grabbed the pillow beside him, his faithful companion in the two lonely weeks and weakly imagined his wife's curves, angry unbidden tears of frustration lined the rims of his dark hooded eyes, when only the shade of her intelligent gaze was poorly conjured in his mind's eye. Tack clenched his eyes tighter, bidding her image, her texture, her essence to surround him. His wife's many tiny quirks he silently adored her for. Her adorable nose when it crinkled, her sun kissed cheeks dusted rose when he kissed her breathless, the tiny irrevocable gasps of her pleasure he possessively craved for. The firm curve of her hip, the sharpness of her collarbone, the ample roundness of her bottom lip. Everything, he drank her in from his memories, thoroughly engrossed in her, his weak heart strengthening as each shared moment together flashed behind his shut eyes. The silent hissing sound when he gently pulled her hair back, away from her shoulder; the silk like texture of her skin behind her knee where it bent; her silent hum of approval when he kissed her temple. The alluring dimples of her back, the elegant arch of her spine; the enticing quark of her brow when he made a blunder of himself in her presence, which happened quite often despite their many years together. Gods she drove him to the brink of insanity. The moment lasted for what felt like only a second until the exhausted king crashed back into consciousness, waking in a fit of thrashing and sweaty limbs, the pillow clutched dangerously tight in his tense grasp. Releasing each digit slowly he sluggishly rose into a sitting position and rubbed the sleep from his eyes, angrily punching the innocent cushion at his side into the mattress underneath. He could feel his hand shudder as wave after wave of pining and yearning overtook him, his queen's absence worsening the shivers coursing through his arms. His heart clenched spastically, pushing a choked gasp to leave his trembling lips; who was he not to obsess over her. He was an insignificant and forgotten soul in a city of thousands, until she walked into his life with eyes blazing and unknowingly giving his existence purpose; what else was he to do but to devote his life to her. His raging moods took a while to break and put back in order, only the promise of her finally settled his aching heart. With darkened circles rimming his eyes, the king awaited for the sun to peek through the clouds of an unfamiliar horizon, an unfamiliarity that he could take slight comfort in. Sunrises were more beautiful in the Golden city anyways. He was completely packed and set to leave, yet he restrained himself from looking too overeager in departing this country or else it would be viewed as disrespectful, his blank gaze darkening at the thought of this trip being further prolonged due to his negligence. Just a little more. Just two more torture filled days. With his bed already neatly made, he perched leaning against the open window that leaked the tell tales of Bhasa's sunrise, beside him sat the innocent flowers that swayed with the morning breeze. He shut his eyes, his arms crossed over his exhausted body while he impatiently waited for a servant to knock on his wooden door to signal their appointed time to departure. Her lacking presence in the past two weeks made two things painfully clear to the overworked king in that very moment. One, never was he ever going to meetings that promised any form of long distance between him and his wife; and two: he was going to invest in training birds how to fly at impossible speeds in long and varying distances, with the ability to carry objects twice their weight. A soft chuckle escaped his highness's lips at the thought of a bird carrying him to the waiting arms of his wife, Tack, the cobbler turned king, finally found peaceful sleep. -x- 'King Tack has prevailed! I repeat our almighty and noble king Tack has prevailed!' A large burly man shouted and crowed to all who would listen, eyes alight with excitement and pride. He had heard from his scouters that the Royal highness' company had just passed the borders safely and without much restraint, even going as far as having personal escorts from Bhasa to oversee their safe travels. He righted the fez that almost slipped at his erratic jostling, word must be spread far and wide throughout the abundant city. Their mighty king had saved the country once more. A lone woman wrapped in dull brown and simple grey shawls, her attention riveted on the children playing around the stalls, quickly shot out of her stupor as her gaze whipped towards the words she had been praying for every morning for the past few weeks. Shocking violet eyes caught sight of the cherub man as she began to pick her way towards him, and much to her surprise, she wasn't the only one drawn towards the news. In seconds a crowd began to swarm around the stout man that stood upon a teetering wooden box. He had no horn to blow, neither the height that could catch anyone's eye, yet his words captured the busy occupants moving through the crowded streets. Eager eyes and ears had their rapt attention aimed at the short man, who quieted in dramatic affect, commending the crowd to become silent. The king was highly respected and equally revered, any news or mere mention of their benevolent king always seized the undivided attentiveness of his people. As the crowd steadily grew around her, she felt a bolt of fear strike down her spine, there was a good chance in a crowd this size, someone might recognize the political leader. She assessed the situation, coming to the conclusion that the shoving and murmurs that washed over her from the surrounding people meant that they were too preoccupied to even notice her majesty queen casually standing right beside them- 'War has been an everyday fear for citizens of this Golden country, but no longer fear my fellow people! Our courageous king has conquered the leaders of Bhasa in a grand battle of wills and is now making his grand return in two days time! Come my fellow man and woman, let us welcome our king with open and amiable arms! Let us show our thanks, our gratitude, for our all-powerful king!' His voice boomed across the open stalls and something akin to awestruck ran through the bones of all who watched, cheers of pride rang loud and clear in the town's center. Surrounding background noises of moving people continuing on with their lives, carried amongst the multitude who were unmoved and undaunted by the stranger's words; but such distraction caused many to halt in their tracks and gaze in curiosity. A murmur spread quickly around and she didn't doubt that before sunset the rest of her lovely country will soon have heard the news. The sound of bleating goats and children's laughter were once more overpowered by the multiplying subjects as they chanted and raved. 'Long live king Tack! Long live the Golden City! Long live king Tack! Long live the Golden city!' The multitude recited around her, excitement coursing blindly through them all. My was he a crowd pleaser, she dryly thought, the man continued on, speaking with dramatic flare of the greatness of this country's king as she followed a path away from the cheering crowd. The spokesman made her poor husband sound like he conquered seven kingdoms in a blink of an eye. She smiled an authentic grin for what felt like ages as she slipped away unnoticed. Her cobbler was on his way home. Yoohoo! A small explanation! It may seem like I threw the words 'city' and 'country' around willy nilly, but I must assure you that there is method behind my madness. So whenever someone mentions 'The Golden city', it's because all affairs that pertain to politics or any other world state problems that need to be directly addressed by the king, they talk as if the city itself is the leader of the country. Sorta like it's the capital region, all other small towns and cities are just generally mentioned as part of the country. And yes, I made the name of the country 'The Golden Country'. In the Recobbled Cut, during the introduction, the camera zooms into the main city at the center and calls it 'The Golden City', so I just went with the assumption that the rest of the area is an overall country. Bhasa, or however you may spell it, is southern from the country, which Zigzag actually mentions in the movie, you may recall it's close to the country called Mombasa, where he picked up the woman in the pink frilly coach thing. Oh, and despite Tack being officially labeled as the leader and King of the country, he still personally and mentally considers both city and country as Yum-Yum's. Hence he mentally calls it ' Her country' and ' Her city'. He thinks highly of her opinion and could never take full ownership of anything related to politics and decision making cause most likely he's asked her opinion on it. And yes, Yum-Yum had to save Tack's sorry behind a few times. I think that's about it, enjoy! ","Summary":" Disclaimer. These are not my characters, I do not own the Thief and the Cobbler or the characters. "},{"Movie":"Forbidden Kingdom","Title":"A Stone Heart","Author":"MsFanatic17","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10591876","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: A Life No One Could Touch Many know of the Monkey King and how his mischievous ways were the sole reason for the Jade Warlords migraine however only a select few know about his other half, his chickadee. Her name was Xiu Ya Chen and she was his complete opposite, while he took pleasure in goofing off and causing trouble she spent her days quietly tending to her garden and helping others. She lived above a small village near the bottom of Five Elements Mountain and was well loved by its residents; they would often go to her when they were injured or sick for she was a skilled healer and a kind soul. For many years she lived peacefully in her small cottage content to lead a simplistic life. However that all changed when a stranger stumbled into town, he had the features of the monkey and carried a golden bo staff with him, his arrival sent a wave of fear through the village; many wondered if he had been sent by some lord to wipe out their small village so that he may claim it as his own. Luckily he soon proved that while he may seem appear intimidating he had the attitude of child and had come across their humble town by pure luck as her wondered the land. The children took to him instantly and spent many hours following him around and asking him to tell them stories and he was always more than happy to indulge their inquisitive nature. He would spin wild tales of faraway lands and terrible beasts but he would also tell them of the many times he had defeated the Jade Army, the idea that one man could best an army especially the Jade Army astounded the children and they could often be found acting out the stories he told them while they did their chores. He never gave the villagers a name to address him by and so they simply stuck to calling him traveler, each night a different family would allow him to stay in their home and soon he became a regular site among the busy town market or the surrounding fields and forest. The stranger had been in the town for a full week before he even met Xiu Ya Chen, he had been watching some of the boys reenact one of his stories by the river when one of the boys slipped and banged his head on a rock. The traveler instantly leapt into action and grabbed the boy quickly spiriting him back to the village where he searched for the healer it wasn't long before someone noticed the man's frantic expression and realized that he had a small injured boy in his arms. They pointed him to the hill that Xiu's hut sat upon, they said that he would find a hut at the top of the hill and that the person who lived there would be able to help the injured youth. With no time to waste the traveler carried the boy up the mountain, at the very top nestled into the trees and shrubbery of the forest was a small hut with a thin wisp of smoke drifting from inside. He hurried up to the door and knocked careful not to jostle the boy in his arms too much, seconds later the quiet footsteps could be heard approaching the front of the hut and the door opened to reveal a young woman in a simple brown and tan kimono. She seemed as surprised to see someone from beyond the village outside her home but quickly brushed the shock aside when she noticed what, or who he carrying. \"Oh dear, would you please lay the boy down over here that looks like a rather nasty bump he has on his head.\" Her voice was soft but authoritative as she instructed the stranger to lay the boy down and prop his feet up on a small pile of pillows that were at the bottom of the bed. While he focused on making sure the boy was comfortable Xiu went over to a pot of water she had boiled earlier that day, scooping some into a small bowl she brought it back to the bedside and proceeded to clean the wound on the boys temple. As the blood washed away it became apparent that while the cut was rather nasty and somewhat deep it was in no way life threatening and she soon came to the conclusion that he would just need a few stiches to make sure the cut would heal properly. She grabbed a small box from the nearby table and from it she pulled out a small needle and a twine of thread. \"I'm going to have to stich the skin together; I'll need you to hold his shoulders down so that he doesn't jerk too much.\" The traveler nodded and moved into a position where he could easily keep the boy from squirming around injuring himself further. Luckily the wound was relatively small and the whole thing was over in a matter of minutes, she then swapped the needle and thread for a small jar of green paste that she spread over the cut before bandaging. Finally she allowed the youth to sit up and carefully helped him to his feet before kneeling down so that she could be eye to eye with him. \"There you go, all better. Now what where you doing that you ended up with such a nasty cut on your head?\" The young boy looked at the healer sheepishly, \"Me and the some other boys were acting out the story that the traveler told us today down near the river, I slipped and accidently hit my head on one of the rocks Miss Xiu.\" She nodded, it wasn't the first time one of the village boys had showed up at her hut with a game related injury and it certainly wouldn't be the last, however each time one of them got hurt she always gave them the same lecture in hopes that one day her words of wisdom would stick in their young minds. \"I know you boys like to play and that it's no fun when adults tell you that you can't do things but you must be more careful. Don't play so close to the river, you could have been seriously injured or even knocked unconscious and swept away by the currents. I'm not asking you to stop playing there all together just that when you do you are more cautious about what you do.\" She waited until he nodded his head before shooing him out of her hut, he would have to come back in a few days to get the stiches out but other than that he would be fine so long as he kept the wound clean. As the boys small head disappeared down the hill she finally turned back to face the stranger who had brought her latest patient to her, she studied his face as he studied hers and both came to the conclusion that the other was quite attractive. He had a handsome face and his eyes seemed to have a permanent twinkle in them as if he was ready to start laughing at any moment, his body was muscular from many years of kung fu but at the same time he always appeared to be on his toes and was obviously rather agile. In contrast she was had a petite figure that made her seem extremely fragile, her skin was pale and her face was free of any blemishes. Her eyes were a pale green and her hair a beautiful honey brown color that fell in silky waves down to her shoulder blades. She was obviously used to the strains of a hard day's work and yet her hand still seemed be as soft and delicate as any well trained geisha that you could find in the bigger towns. They continued to study each other for some time before Xiu realized how rude she was being, upon realizing her social blunder her cheeks turned an endearing shade of pink before she offered her guest a quick bow. \"It is a pleasure to meet you I am Xiu Ya Chen, welcome to my humble abode. May I inquire as to what I should address you by kind sir?\" The traveler was stunned by the sudden change in formality. Not an hour before she had been ordering him around with little care of who he was, it struck him as funny how this young woman could go from being such a powerful and commanding person to being the quiet little bird currently standing before him and he couldn't help but laugh. However if soon became apparent that Xiu didn't understand the humor behind her previously issued question and felt rather affronted, he was laughing at her! She didn't even know what to do, no one in the village had ever laughed at her unless she made a joke or did something silly to amuse the children, as she contemplated what to do she became more and more distressed until finally the man in front of her answered her questing effectively cutting the flood of questions and insecurities that were running rampant through her mind off. \"I have no name but many titles, the villagers here call me traveler.\" She nodded; it made sense that the title bestowed upon him by her neighbors was simply what he was. Hey were simple people like her and had little use for imagination once they had become adults, it was something that was mostly used to entertain the younger children and was otherwise considered useless. \"I was surprised when the villager told me to take the boy to the hut at the top of this hill. I didn't even know that there was someone living up here until today. Why have I not seen you down in the market or around the village?\" \"I'm afraid I don't have much use for going down into the village, I grow most of what I need right here in my garden and what I can't grow I can find easily enough in the woods. I am a rather quite person and don't care for the crowded streets of the village nor the amount of noise it generates, even such a small community makes such a racket when they are all out buying that it makes my ears want to bleed.\" She turned red at her last statement realizing that she probably sounded a bit crazy and even a little stuck, she was about to explain what she had meant when he nodded to her showing that he understood her meaning. Seeing as how the traveler didn't seem to plan on leaving soon she ushered him over to her table and served him a cup of tea before sitting down herself. \"So Mister Traveler what brings you here, our village does not get many visitors.\" \"I am simply a wanderer looking for new adventures and opportunities where ever I go. I am also on the run from the Jade Army,\" looking up he noticed that Xiu had a rather alarmed expression on her face and quickly rushed to placate her fears, \"it seems that while I goofed around I may have angered the Jade Warlord. But do not worry he will not be able to follow me here, I covered my tracks well and I only found this village by chance. Your friends and family are safe I promise.\" Xiu and the traveler made eye contact and she could tell he wasn't lying, if their village was attacked it would mean that the warlord had someone already in the village who told him where to go. \"How long do you plan on staying here?\" \"I am not sure, I had not made any sort of plans, I will leave when I no longer feel comfortable here.\" The healer and the traveler ended up spending the entire day talking and as he prepared to head back down to the village he promised her he would come to visit again. The traveler ended up staying for well over two months before finally moving on and in that time he and the healer known as Xiu became extremely close in fact they became lovers. She was just what he needed to balance out his wild spirit calming him down and preventing him from going too far when he pulled pranks on the villagers and children and in return he brought her out of her shell getting her to travel into the market place with him and introducing her to some of the villagers he had become friends with. Alas even though the two of them were madly in love he could not help his free spirit and before long he felt the urge to travel to see new places. At first he begged her to travel with him, he painted wonderful pictures of romantic endeavors and exciting things the two could do together if she agreed to travel the world with him but unfortunately she did not have the nomadic heart he did. She was perfectly happy to live in her small hut and continue to do the same things she had been doing for years and so with eyes full of unshed tears she bid him farewell as he traveled off to his next destination. He promised her that he would come back one day and in turn she promised to wait for him, just as he was about to leave to reached up and plucked a hair from his head, \"keep this with you and I will always be able to find you.\" She nodded to him unable to speak for fear of breaking down into hysterics. And after sharing one final kiss with her he went on his way. Years passed and she grew older but she never once lost faith that her lover would one day return for her, the villagers were not so optimistic. As the years stretched on all of the children grew up and moved away to new places and soon they spread the word of the beautiful healer on the hill still without a man to call husband. Many men came from all over to catch a glimpse of this supposed beauty and when they saw her each one tried to woo her into marrying them however each was politely turned away. \"I'm sorry but I already have a lover,\" she would say, \"please turn your affections to another.\" And so each left, telling her story in each town they visited. And so the word spread until it reached the ears of the Jade Warlord himself, he was intrigued by her story and traveled down from the Five Elements Mountain to see for himself what sort of woman had captured so many hearts. When he finally arrived at her small village he was greeted by the villagers as if he were royalty, they knew who he was and they begged him to take the healer as his wife. They all loved her very much and were afraid that the traveler that she had fallen in love with so many years ago would never come back and she would be left alone until the day she died. He promised them that if he found her agreeable he would take her as his bride and sure enough as soon as he laid eyes on her he knew he had to make her his. He approached her while she was tending her garden. \"Do you know who I am?\" \"I am sorry sir I do not; may I inquire as to your name?\" \"I am the Jade War Lord, commander of the Jade Emperors army. I have traveled from high atop Five Elements Mountain to see the woman so many men have fallen for. You are truly as beautiful as they say and so I have decided to take you as my wife.\" The lord's straight forwardness caught Xiu off guard and it took her a second to process what she had just heard. He was in charge of the Jade army and he wanted her for a wife, she tried to think of a way to get out of the arrangement but could not. He was a man who had a great deal of power and he didn't need her consent to take her for his wife and so she nodded rather dejectedly. \"As you wish my lord, I shall do my best to be a worthy companion to someone of your high status.\" Pleased that she gave in so quickly the Warlord told her to pack any belongings she required and to say her goodbyes for they would be leaving on the morrow to return to his home atop the mountain. There were many tears shed as she bade the villager's goodbye, she didn't know if she would ever see them again and the thought of leaving home terrified her. She only took one bag with her for he had declared that he would buy her an entirely new wardrobe when they were back at the palace and that she should only bring the things that held memories. And so she took a bag and filled it with mementos from her late parents, gifts from the many villagers who she had helped over the years, and finally at the very top of the bag she placed a small but intricately carved wooden box that help the single strand of hair her lover had given her. He had said that so long as she had it that he would be able to find her and she was ever hopeful that he would come and spirit her away before she was forced to merry. And that's chapter one, for writing this at 2am in the morning I'm pretty proud of it. Please review so that I can get a feel for if I should change or revise anything. Thanks for reading! -Ambercat999[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Wake Me Up Jason woke up wondering how he wasn't dead. The last thing he could remember was Hop getting shot and the staff dragging him off the roof, before he could begin to ponder how an inanimate metal rod could drag him anywhere he realized that he was laying on something other than concrete. At first he thought he was in the hospital, that someone had called the cops and he had been saved from his untimely death however he soon came to the conclusion that whatever he was laying on was too hard to be a hospital bed and that he had no clue where he was now. Upon opening his eyes Jason found himself in a small hut, he sat up and realized that someone had changed him out of his tee-shirt and jeans and put him into a set of robes similar to the ones he would see in his kung-fu movies. He looked around and for the first time noticed that he was not the only one in the hut, an older woman and two small children of oriental descent were also there and upon realizing he was awake the woman approached him with a cup of tea. She held the cup out and started speaking Chinese and Jason quickly started to leave the hut, he didn't understand what she was saying and right now all he wanted to do was go home and pretend the entire day had been a bad dream. Unfortunately instead of finding himself in some sketchy or backwater part of Boston the green hills and valleys of what appeared to be China greeted him instead. Looking around it appeared he was in a small farming village that was located in the middle of nowhere as far as he could tell. He tried to get help from one of the locals but it would seem that none of them could speak English, the villager was trying to tell him something and kept motioning to somewhere behind him however Jason soon became distracted by what appeared to be a group of soldiers approaching the village on horseback. Xiu awoke to the Jade Warlord pacing in front of her cage; she had avoided his attempts at marriage for many years coming up with all sorts of excuses as to why they should wait all the while hoping that her former lover would come for her. At first he had seemed more than willing to accommodate her needs but as time passed he became more and more irritated with her rejections to the point she was afraid that he would force her into marriage. She began to avoid him and would often take refuge in the Jade Emperors garden, it was there the she met the almighty immortal and as he frequented the gardens more often they soon began to form a friendship. She eventually told him of her problems and he took pity on her, he issued an order that she would not be forced to marry anyone until she was ready to and that if anyone should try to force her hand in marriage they would be greatly punished. The Warlord was outraged at the decree but could do nothing and so continued his attempts to win her favor. However she continuously rejected them and after a while he started to make fewer and fewer attempts, Xiu thought that he was giving up but alas she was wrong. It would seem that a someone had started to harass the Jade army and no matter how many of the Warlords most skilled men were sent after this new irritation none were able to best him, the lord was so enraged that he devoted all of his time to this new man's capture and so was neglecting to chase after her. It wasn't until the Peach Banquet that she discovered the stranger harassing the Jade Army was her former love. She had been invited to the banquet by the Emperor so that she could become an immortal for he had grown very fond of her company and looked upon her as a great friend and councilor. Her lover crashed into the party and she had felt her heart burst with joy, when the Emperor gave him the title of Monkey King she was overwhelmed with relief, her lover would be safe form the Jade Warlord and they would be free to marry at last. Unfortunately the opportunity never arose, when the Emperor left the Jade Warlord in charge he immediately challenged the Monkey King to a dual and Xiu could only watch as her love was tricked and turned to stone after casting his staff off to some distant land. After that she was inconsolable and the Jade Warlord soon became irritated with her cries, because he turned her into a Chickadee claiming that since she would not become his bride he would force her to be his song bird instead. And so for many years Xiu had spent her days sitting in a cage forced to keep the Warlord company as he ruled the lands with an iron fist, until one day something changed. That particular morning found the Warlord and herself in the throne room, he was starting on that day's work when one of his lackeys burst through the main doors. It would seem a strange young man had been spotted carrying what seemed to be the staff of the Monkey King himself, at once Xiu's head shot up and she stared at the soldier in front her unable to believe what he had just said. If what he said was true then the seeker of the staff had come and there was a chance that he could save her Monkey King from his stone prison. Unfortunately she wasn't the only one who realized what this new arrival could mean and judging by the Warlords face he intended to stop the seeker before he even had a chance. \"Take a group of men and find this boy , kill him and take the staff. And take Xiu with you, I want my little song bird to be reminded of how hapless her situation is.\" A few days later found her trapped in a cage attached to a soldiers horse as they made their way from town to town searching for the seeker of legend. She was soon becoming disheartened, maybe the rumors were false and he hadn't really come after all. Her outlook soon changed when they came upon a small farming village; at first nothing seemed at all different from the last few towns and villages they had visited, the soldiers rounded up the women and killed any man who got in their way. Xiu had quickly come to realize that the women were sent to the palace so that the Warlord could have his way with them and she always sent up prayers for those taken, the Warlord was not a kind or gentle man and most women didn't survive his idea of pleasure. Xiu had closed her eyes in an attempt to block out what was going on around her but was roused when the horse she was attached to started to move it would seem that one of the villagers was making a run for it and she let out a sad sigh in her mind. She had seen this before; someone would try to escape only to be run down by the soldier's warhorses. However as they cut the young man off she took more notice of him, he was cleaner than the common villager and the staff he carried bared a striking resemblance to the Monkey Kings own weapon. Xiu felt her heart stop as she realized that the man's staff and the Monkey Kings were one in the same and that he was the seeker of prophesy, and then her stomach dropped. He would be killed here and her lover's one chance at freedom would be gone forever. Just as they were about to take his staff and his life one of the men was pulled from his horse by a strange man who appeared to be drunk. A fight ensued and she watched with bated breath as the drunken man took out each of the soldiers without seemingly breaking a sweat. After the last warrior had fallen the stranger turned his attention to the seeker and more importantly the staff he carried. The drunk started to speak only to be cut off. \"I don't know what you're saying,\" and so the stranger started again only to be interrupted a second time, \"I can't understand you!\" At this point the older man seemed fed up with the others interruptions, \"that's because you're not listening!\" The boy looked like he was in a state of shock only to snap out of it in time to point out a lone soldier who was coming up behind the drunk, the man easily kicked him away and they took off on the donkey he had previously been riding. Xiu started panicking and frantically flapping her wings as they got farther and farther away, she had just found the key to the Monkey Kings release and now it was getting away. She continued to thrash in her cage until suddenly the door swung open, she had been struggling so much that she had knocked the latch loose. Instantly she took off flying after the two men, she would stay with them as long as possible and try to insure the seekers safe travel to the Five Elements Mountain. The two of them eventually stopped at a drink house and Xiu was all too happy to land on the railing next to the staff to rest. Lucky for her most of the patrons were drunk and so didn't question her being there like they normally would. She listened as the seeker shared how lost he was and the drunk introduced himself as Lu Yan. The seeker seemed amused when Lu addressed him as a monk and revealed that he was in fact not a monk and that his name was Jason Tripitikas. He supposedly hailed from a place known as South Boston, a far off land that she had never heard of, off handedly she wondered if her lover had ever ventured there during his many journeys and if the two of them might travel there together once he was freed. Xiu continued to ponder what all they would do together as Lu Yan told Jason the legend of the Monkey King. She smiled as he told of the monkey kings power and how he crashed into the banquet, she could still picture the War Lords face as the Monkey King played in the peach tree and taunted the lord without reprimand. Unfortunately she could also remember the duel that resulted and how her lover was tricked and consequently beaten. She had been forced to watch the entire thing from the sidelines and was held back by the lord's soldiers when she tried to save the Monkey King. After she was transformed into a bird she would spend as much time as she could sitting on his stone shoulder, she wouldn't make a sound but instead close her eyes and try to imagine that he was flesh and bones and that they were simply resting together on a calm day. She was always cruelly pulled from her dreams by the warlord when he saw fit to put her back in her cage, she knew he purposefully let her out so as to remind her of her hopelessness but she could never bring herself to pass up a chance to see the Monkey King. Xiu was drawn from her musings when Jason stated arguing against rescuing her lost lover, his refusal to fulfill the prophecy made her heart despair and she could only hope Lu could convince him otherwise. However Lu seemed more intent on getting Jason to pick up the tab for his drinks and she watched as he put down some strange sort of paper down instead of actual money. Then she could only watch as the confused owner showed first his wife then two passing soldiers the strange new thing Jason had used to pay and she knew in an instant that trouble was about to irrupt. As the two soldiers approached the table Lu questioned Jason on his kung-fu when the boy didn't answer fast enough Lu seemed to assume he was a master. \"He who speaks does not know, he who knows does not speak. Surely you are masterful.\" Judging by the panicked look on Jason's face that couldn't be farther from the truth and before Jason could correct Lu's statement the solider were already upon them. The soldiers confronted the pair about the staff and Lu tried to play it off as a fake but the soldiers didn't seemed fooled they pushed their way passed him and demanded Jason hand over the staff, when he failed to comply they reached for their weapons and in a panic Jason threw the staff the Lu. From there a fight broke out and Xiu could only watch as Lu fought around Jason, occasionally even using Jason's body as a weapon. However soon the number of soldiers became too much and they were forced to flee she watched as Lu used the roof top to escape she was just coming up behind Jason when suddenly two small blades went flying passed her and into the throats while the boy in question lost his grip and fell off the third story. She was relieved to see that he seemed uninjured from the fall and finally took notice of the young woman around Jason's age that had just joined them, Xiu assumed she was the one who had thrown the blades and hoped that this newcomer was a friend; they could use more fighters who knew what they were doing. She waited until Jason and Lu mounted the two horses next to Golden Sparrow before coming to land on Jason's shoulder, it seemed like he was going to brush her off when suddenly the horse took off after the other two and he was forced to leave her so he could grab hold of the reins. The three were forced to change directions twice by attacking soldiers before leading the soldiers on a mad chase through a pleasure house and then losing them in a bamboo forest. By the time they were a safe distance away and sure no one was following them Jason seemed to have forgotten Xiu was perched upon his shoulder and she was content to stay where she was, the nights excitement had all but drained her energy. And so she nestled down for a nap comforted by the warmth Jason provided and the knowledge she was one step closer to getting her lover back. And so ends the second chapter. Sorry if anything didn't make sense but I tried to follow the story line while still adding in my own bits. Thanks to everyone who favorited and followed my story. To Crystal-Wolf-Guardain-967: I'm glad you've liked the story so far I hope you continue to enjoy it. Thanks to everyone who had read this story so far, PLEASE REVIEW I want to know what you think about the characters and what you think should happen next. You all rock and I love each and every one of you! -Ambercat999[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Fly Me Up on a Sliver Wing Unfortunately for Xiu her nap couldn't last forever, while Jason had forgotten that he had a small bird sitting on his shoulder Lu was quick to notice Jason's hitch hiker. \"Jason, it would seem you have made a new friend.\" Jason looked down and upon noticing the small bird nestled on his shoulder moved to shoo the tiny creature away. However before he could come close to touching it he was stopped, Golden Sparrow gripped his wrist firmly before dragging it back down to his side. \"She thinks you must be stupid for you would not have acted so foolishly, that is a chickadee, only a fool would harm one.\" \"It's just a bird, there's tons of them and besides it wasn't like I was gonna kill it, just brush it off my shoulder.\" Golden Sparrow scoffed as if she couldn't believe his ignorance, \"they are sacred beings and are protected by heavens mandate.\" Seeing the lack of understanding in Jason's eyes the girl shook her head before pulling on her horse's reigns and falling to the back of the group again. Regrettably Xiu had been jostled awake when Golden Sparrow had caught Jason's wrist and she was now wide awake, she contemplated moving from her current perch but decided against it. She didn't know where the trio was headed and she didn't want to risk losing them during the night. They rode well into the morning in silence before Jason finally spoke up, \"You really saved our lives back there. I don't know what we would have done if you hadn't come along.\" It was obvious he was trying to pretend like the previous incident hadn't occurred. Sparrow was a beautiful young woman and Jason was obviously aware of that fact, alas she wasn't as interested in him as he was in her. \"She does not think the Drunken Immortal needed his life saved.\" This took Xiu by surprise; the girl had to be kidding. Lu was a master at martial arts but his skills were nowhere near that of an immortals, she ruffled her feathers at the thought. It took years of hard work and dedication to become an immortal and a drunkard would never be able to reach the caliber needed, Lu was a nice man and she liked him but she laughed at the thought of him being on par with her lover or the Jade Warlord. Jason however didn't seem to realize that though, \"You're immortal?\" Xiu waited with bated breath for Lu to reply, she was completely prepared to peck his eye out should he lie about his mortality. When he decided to change the topic instead she scoffed, he didn't confirm what he was, but he didn't deny it either. \"What do you run from child?\" \"Bounty hunter trying to stop her from reaching the Five Elements Mountain.\" Lu stopped his horse upon hearing this and Xiu knew what he was up to immediately, Lu wasn't nearly as brave or heroic as Jason seemed to believe he was and the older man was about to disillusion him. She could only watch as the man tried to pass Jason off to Golden Sparrow and pray that this didn't break his spirit. Jason however surprised her when he jumped off his horse to keep Lu from leaving, she couldn't contain the rather undignified squawk that left her beak when she was all but thrown from his shoulder at the sudden movement and just barley caught herself before she hit the ground. She flew around their group a few times before finally settling on Sparrows shoulder, the young girl seemed to hold a deep respect for her kind and Xiu figured she would be her safest bet. She watched as Lu left and she felt the urge to hug Jason when he asked Lu to teach him kung-fu, it was obvious the boy didn't know the first thing about martial arts but the fact that he wanted to learn endeared him to her. He was doing everything in his power to return her lovers staff to its rightful owner and for that she was eternally grateful. The next two days were monotonous and the group seemed to form a routine of sorts, Jason would spend most of his day clearing the path for them with a bamboo stick while Lu shouted contradictory training statements like 'swing soft, cut hard at same time' and Golden Sparrow watched on. Xiu would alternate between perching on the girls shoulder and flying above the group looking for any danger. She had to admit that it was nice to be free even if she felt alone; the group was nice and she enjoyed their company, especially the two younger ones, however the familiar gap in her heart that longed for her beloved was always there nagging at her. She would never truly be happy until he was free and back in her arms. She fell asleep on the third night listening to Sparrow play her pipa, the young girl was a talented musician and she found it a shame that she was so filled with hatred, the Jade Warlords seemed to taint everything he came in contact with. That night she was plagued by nightmares, or more specifically the Jade Warlords magic. In her dream she is back in the palace trapped in a cage sat upon the warlord's throne as he inspected several women lined before him, probably taken from the newest villages his army plundered looking for the staff. She cringed at the thought of what would happen to them should they catch his interest. Luckily or maybe not, one of the guards burst into the throne room, successfully interrupting him. \"How dare you… can't you see I am busy?\" \"The divine staff of legend… It was seen in the Middle Kingdom…\" Xiu immediately started in her cage flapping her wings in a desperate attempt to escape; she needed to warn Jason and the others that the Warlord knew of their existence. She had to protect them so that they could rescue the Monkey King. \"Impossible.\" \"The villagers are beginning to whisper of prophecy-\" \"The villagers are always whispering about prophecy, it's their opium. What other offending news do you have for me?\" \"We have lost your chickadee my lord; she escaped during a fight… that is all, My Lord.\" Xiu watched as the Warlord impaled his soldier with his own sword and tried to bring herself to feel sorry for the man. He had given away Jason's existence but at the same time he had only been following orders, in the end she didn't feel two distraught. \"Summon the witch…the one born of wolves.\" Upon giving his orders the Jade Warlord turned and slowly approached Xiu's cage. She pressed herself against the far wall and tried to make herself as small as possible as if she could somehow hide herself from him. \"So, you have escaped have you little one. You are with the staff bearer of legend no doubt, no matter soon he will be dead and you will be back in your cage where you belong,\" he turned to one of the guards stationed around the perimeter of the room, \"take her back to her cage.\" Immediately her smaller cage was picked up and she was carried down to where the Monkey King's statue was, the Warlord was a cruel man who found great pleasure in her torment and so he had her cage built directly opposite her beloved. Every day she was made to stare at his statue and long for his embrace. She spent the rest of the night staring forlornly at him waiting for her body to finally wake and free her from the nightmare she had been trapped in. By the time she awoke it was well into the morning, and she and Jason were alone. Straightaway she could feel something was off and as she flew up to get a better look around she realized what had set off her instincts; up the hill from them was a figure dressed in white sat watching them. Strangely it wasn't his presence that bothered her but his intense stare and she wondered who he could be. She flew after Jason when he took off and could only look on as the man over took him and stole the staff, Xiu was torn between staying with Jason and following the staff but her need to protect the staff quickly won out. She followed the thief all the way to a temple in the side of the mountain. She was prepared for him to shoo her away or even attempt to harm her but was surprised when instead he put out his finger for her to land on. She was hesitant at first but when she felt no ill will coming from him she finally landed, he stroked her back with a gentle touch and for some reason it felt familiar. Almost against her will she relaxed, she wasn't completely sure why he had stolen the staff but she had a feeling that his intentions weren't malicious. Unfortunately, Lu and the others were only human and so lacked the instincts that she had. When Lu demanded the staff back and the stranger silently, he took it as a challenge and attacked. She was forced from her finger and had to watch as the two fought, multiple times she tried to intervene in some way only to have to pull back when one of them almost hit her. However she was so focus on their fight that she forgot to pay attention to the staff it wasn't until it flew half way through the pillar she was hovering next to and struck her in the side that she remembered its existence. Disoriented she fell to the ground and as she lay there trying to catch her breath she could only pray that neither of the monks stepped on her accidentally. She could have cried in relief when the staff finally flew out of their grasp and into Jason's, without the object to fight over both men stopped. \"You tried to steal the staff for the Warlord.\" \"No, fool! I'm on a mission to find the seeker of the staff.\" That statement put to rest any lingering mistrust Xiu might have felt about the man in white, if he was trying to find the seeker of the staff he was trying to help her lover, that immediately put him in her good graces. \"You found him.\" \"He's not even Chinese.\" \"We are all the same inside, aren't we Monk? Heaven help us.\" Lu was about to take a sip of his wine when the monk stopped him. \"What, you find it a sin?\" \"Yes, it is sinful not to share, cheers.\" The two men seemed to come to an understanding as the monk drank some of Lu's wine and Xiu couldn't help but feel as if their chances of success were drastically increased with the addition of the monk to their party. Soon they set out again and Xiu made sure to perch herself on the monks shoulder, he seemed familiar to her and she found comfort in his presence. \"How long have you been searching of the staff?\" \"As long as I can remember, how long has Xiu been with you?\" Xiu couldn't help but start at the use of her name, while her existence wasn't a secret many storytellers overlooked her when they were telling the myth of the Monkey King and soon her role in the story was forgotten all together. \"Who is Xiu?\" The monk looked at Jason like he was insane before looking down at her. \"Wait, you mean to tell me that the bird is Xiu?\" \"Yes, don't you know who she is? I had assumed that since you carried the staff of the Monkey King you knew who she was, is this not so?\" \"No, that's just some bird that decided to follow us, it is just some bird right?\" The monk scoffed in disbelief, \"She is Xiu Ya Chen, the Monkey King's and the Jade Warlord's prisoner. It is said that she was once a beautiful woman and that she was turned into a chickadee by the Jade Warlord when she refused to become his bride.\" Xiu shifted uncomfortably as the other three stared at her in awe, she wasn't sure if she was happy about them learning about who she truly was. Part of her was glad that she was finally more than just some bird to them while another part of her worried that they would reject her for being who she was. Luckily they didn't seem to care that much about her true identity. Jason seemed to think it was cool that she was a human turned bird and asked her multiple yes or no questions just to see her respond by shaking her head, apparently in his land magic didn't exist and so her predicament fascinated him. She was almost glad when they decided it was time to stop so that Lu could start to teach Jason kung-fu. She took great pleasure watching the Lu and then the Monk take turns trying to teach Jason while the poor boy watched on in utter befuddlement. She knew she should feel bad for him as the two masters delivered blow after blow while arguing with each other but she found that after having to put up with his incessant questioning it was more humorous to her than anything. She found that as the days past and Xiu watched Jason get better she couldn't help but feel a great sense of pride swell within her, she felt like a proud mother watching her only son accomplish something extraordinary. She had no doubt that he would free the Monkey King and in turn return her to her original form, and on that day she knew that he would be the second person she hugged, right after the Monkey King. So I finally got back into writing Fanfiction. I started my first year of college and I haven't found any time to write until now. Thanks to everyone who followed/favorited my story. To Lyric Dreams : Thank you for letting me know about that little mess up! Hope you read and enjoyed the actual second chapter! To 88dragon06 : Hope you enjoyed this chapter just as much as the other ones! To Manon : Thank you very much for the great ideas, I hope you enjoyed this chapter and continue to read my story :D To SamanthaJane13 : Sorry it took so long to update, hope you enjoyed this last chapter I would like to thank everyone who has read my story up to this point and say that YOU RULE! I'd greatly appreciate it if you would REVIEW my story; I'm always looking for new ideas and would love to hear your opinion. Thanks again for reading! -Ambercat999 ","Summary":" Chapter 1: A Life No One Could Touch Many know of the Monkey King and how his mischievous ways were"},{"Movie":"Felidae","Title":"Seen but not Heard","Author":"DarkraixCresselia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10576842","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N I've wanted to write a story for this franchise for some time, but never had any good ideas. Now, I think this is pretty promising. I don't own this story or characters; I only own Sophia. Back in the olden days of humanity, it was a common belief that children should be seen and not heard. Even though that belief is nearly extinct, if not totally extinct today, there were those who still held that belief. And some of them weren't even human. One such example was a family of purebred Sphinx cats. These hairless cats lived in the old ages, when kits were to be seen and not heard, unless spoken to otherwise. The parents of three kits taught their children their golden rule. Two kits listened and obeyed, not uttering a word unless granted permission. One kit, however, wasn't so loyal. This one fought against her parents' beliefs, and talked with her siblings, her blind old grandfather, and even to their human owners, though it came out as mews and purrs. If anyone wanted to listen, she would talk. She was very smart, learning to read human books at a young age. Talking when she wasn't allowed to was one bad thing. But learning to read, that was another. And the kit's father was less than pleased. Much less. He was furious. He yelled at her, smacked her around, and confined her to a room from the afternoon to the morning the next day. When she tried to talk with her brother that day, she got the same treatment from her father as before. Soon, it stuck with her to be seen and not heard. So much so that she stopped speaking, period. She only answered with nods, head shakes, or shrugs. This seemed to please her father. The kit was miserable without her voice. She never smiled, or looked even remotely happy. Her father was unconcerned, and even uncaring. Her mother saw that her daughter was unhappy, but never went to comfort her, knowing it would make her mate angry. Her siblings didn't care, and never did anything about their sister's sadness, knowing they would be in trouble if they talked without being spoken to. They didn't want to risk their skins for their sister, whom had disobeyed their parents for months. Finally came the day the kits would be adopted out. Their parents allowed them to speak freely from that day forward. The female misfit, however, never spoke a word. Her family couldn't care less, and her father almost looked smug. The kit decided enough was enough, and that she didn't like living as a pet. When no one was looking, and the door was still open, she ran out of the apartment and down the sidewalk, never looking back. For the next year, she lived on the streets, learning to hunt, search for food, and avoid dogs. She had gotten caught one day, and was kept as a pet for some time, and was even given a silver collar, with the name \"Sophia\" engraved in the collar. She liked having a name, but she didn't like being confined indoors, nor being a pet, period. She longed for the outdoors. Even when the sun made her bare skin feel hot, and the snow made her feel cold, those sensations told her that she was alive. If she couldn't feel hot or cold, or smell the fresh air, she wasn't happy. So, one day, she leapt out of the balcony of the house, and ran again, not looking back. After that, she made sure to never get caught again. She kept the collar however, having gotten used to it. It also gave her a name, which she didn't want to lose. She found a neighborhood she liked, and decided to stay a while. Little did Sophia know that she would become involved in big murder mystery that would change her life forever. It was a nice neighborhood at first glance. Sophie wondered if she would eventually decide to stay permanently. But she knew even if the neighborhood appeared nice, it had its deep, dark, dirty secrets. And she had a sneaking feeling in her gut that this would be one of those neighborhoods. She trotted along the sidewalk, glancing around. Aside from humans walking around as well, there wasn't much activity. Sophia shook her head as a rotten smell came across her nose. Wrinkling her velvet nose, she jumped onto a brick fence, and to the ground, landing in the bushes. A few steps out, she gasped sharply, just barely keeping herself from screaming, at the sight of a dead, short-haired orange tabby tom laying in the grass, bleeding from a deep gash in his neck. His green eyes stared lifelessly at the cloudy sky, and his mouth hung open, with blood on his tongue and teeth. Sophia stood there, shaking at the sight of the murdered cat. Wh-what do I do?! What do I do?! Her inner ramblings were interrupted when a gruff voice yowled, \"Hey! You!\" Gasping again, Sophia scurried back into the bushes to hide, not thinking to jump back over the fence. It wouldn't have mattered; the tom who had yelled—she assumed it was a tom—would have easily followed her out onto the street. \"Come out with your tail down, asshole!\" The voice growled. When Sophia failed to answer, she felt sharp teeth close around her skinny, rat-like tail. She squeaked in pain as she was dragged out into the open. \"Whatduh?\" The muffled voice grumbled, spatting out her tail. \"Are you a giant rat, or some kind of hairless cat?\" Sophia looked over her shoulder to see a stocky cat that looked like a Manx. He was dark reddish-brown in color, with his face, belly, back paws, and front right paw being beige. His right eye was shut tight, and it looked like there was a large, dark, gouge scar over said eye, and his left paw was mangled, looking very much smaller than its twin. She sat up, curled her tail around her haunches, and licked at the tip. The tip and base of her tail were pink, and the middle was pinkish-gray. Her front paws, whole left ear, and right ear tip were also gray, and she had gray splotches on her back and legs, and she had a gray stripe running from the back of her neck to the middle of her ears. \"Guess you're a hairless cat.\" The Manx remarked, sitting down as well. Once Sophia finished grooming her tail, she turned around and sat in front of the tom, glancing at the dead tom with a questioning expression. \"In case you were wondering, I had nothing to do with this.\" He shook his head. \"I just found him, and thought you had taken him out.\" Sophia's eyes widened as she shook her head frantically, backing away. \"Toots, I said I thought you did it.\" The tom rolled his eye. \"I didn't say you did it. You'd be pretty beat up too.\" Sophia relaxed, glancing at the dead tom. \"So, not gonna say anything?\" The Manx asked, scratching behind one small ear. \"What's the matter, cat gotcher tongue?\" He laughed at the joke. Sophia deadpanned at the tom, not impressed. \"Seriously, though, can you not talk?\" She nodded slightly haughtily. \"Well, why haven't you made a sound?\" Sophia pointed at her eye with a paw and nodded. Then, she pointed at her ear, and shook her head. The Manx cocked his head in confusion. She did the gestures again, raising an eyebrow. \"Seen…but not heard?\" She nodded, smiling slightly. The tom laughed again, \"C'mon, that saying's been dead since before I was born. How'm I supposed to know your name?\" Sophia simply puffed out her chest, displaying her collar. The tom sniffed the collar, and saw the engraved name. \"Sophia, huh?\" She nodded, slightly impressed. \"Impressed, huh Toots? I'm much smarter than I look. I even read a book once in my lifetime. The name's Bluebeard. You new to the neighborhood?\" Sophia nodded again, glancing at the dead tom and wrinkling her nose. \"Well, he's the third to drop dead this month.\" Bluebeard said as Sophia's jaw dropped in surprise. \"But how 'bout we get away from this stinker and I show you 'round?\" Sophia nodded with a smile, turned around, and jumped back onto the stone fence. Bluebeard joined her, and led her down the length of the fence. A/N I originally was going to stop when it mentioned the neighborhood changing Sophia's life forever, but decided it was kinda short. And I was able to introduce my favorite character of the film; in German, he's known as Blaubart (did I spell that right?) but in English, he's Bluebeard. I think he's the only character with a name change per language change. Also, I've seen both German and English versions of the movie, and will try and mix them up in this story. I won't be updating this or my Rise of the Guardians story for a couple weeks because my family and I will be on vacation for two weeks. But I wanted to get this out as soon as possible.[Chapter 2] A/N I don't own this story or characters; I only own Sophia. NightWolf1159: Thanks :D Felidae's one of my favorite films as well. I think my favorite character is Bluebeard. Guest: I believe Sphinx cats being \"the ugliest cat breeds known to man\" is something of opinion. Some think they're ugly, and some think they're beautiful. I personally think they look like cute little raisins. And someone must have liked them enough to specifically breed them into the cats being purposefully hairless. So hopefully if this story is decent, Sophia's breed won't deter anyone from reading it. Sesshysgirl1997: I've been somewhat able to get back to writing this recently, so hopefully it'll get interesting enough :) Thanks :) Bluebeard led Sophia through the neighborhood, telling her a small story or two every now and then. Sophia listened politely, looking around. The neighborhood was a nice-looking one, despite her welcoming present earlier that day. So this neighborhood has a small reputation for housing a murderer. She thought to herself. I guess I better watch my back carefully from now on. Unless I decide to leave in a few days. Her thoughts were interrupted by loud rustling in the bushes. She froze in place, staring at the bush. She tapped Bluebeard's hind leg with a paw, and gestured at the bush. \"Yeah, I heard it too.\" He nodded. \"Get out here and show your face!\" He yelled at the bush. Loud, obnoxious laughter sounded, and a large cat emerged from the bushes. At least, Sophia thought it was a cat. This creature was as large as a dog, had massive paws, a large hump on its back, and a large, square chin. \"Bluebeard, that has to be the ugliest rat I've ever seen! And you're keeping it alive?\" \"Sophia ain't no rat, Kong,\" Bluebeard sniffed. \"She's just a hairless cat.\" Sophia raised an eyebrow at Bluebeard, though he either didn't notice, or just pretended not to. She turned to Kong, who continued to laugh, with a slightly curled lip. \"Anyway, Toots, that's Kong,\" Bluebeard said. \"One of the biggest assholes on the block. And his…'friends,' Herman and Herman.\" Two scrawny, identical-looking cats joined Kong, sneering at Sophia. She cocked her head at Bluebeard, who shrugged his shoulders. \"A hairless cat, eh?\" Kong asked, finally breaking out of his laugh spell. \"Not quite the ugliest thing I've ever seen, I guess. She probably won't last long in this town anyway.\" Bluebeard rolled his eyes as he and Sophia continued on. \"Like I said, Kong's the biggest ass in town, both literally and figuratively. Just stay away from him, and he shouldn't hurt you.\" That evening, Bluebeard and Sophia arrived at a tall, old house. In the attic, Sophia could see a blue light that seemed to be mildly flashing, and could hear other cats from the same level. She looked at Bluebeard with a questioning expression as they climbed inside and up the steps. \"There's a sect that goes on in this place.\" He explained. \"Especially after there's been a killing. They pray to this dead cat called Claudandus.\" Sophia nodded as they entered the attic. Hundreds of cats were already sitting, including Kong and the Herman twins. There was a machine in the back of the room, with a large box to its left. Sitting on the box was a large Persian cat. \"That's the sect's leader, Joker.\" Bluebeard whispered in the Sphinx's ear. \"He always greets new members, so when he sees you, he'll want to meet you afterwards.\" Sophia nodded as the Persian began shouting, \"After only a slight punishment, he received great blessings! Because God had tested him and found him worthy of it! In the name of Brother Claudandus!\" He pressed a lever on the box, making a large bolt of blue lightning strike between two bolts on the machine. Two random cats approached the machine, and to Sophia's shock, leapt into the electricity. Her own blue eyes widened at the pained shrieks. She shook in fright as they fell to the ground, twitching and still screeching in pain. She cowered down next to Bluebeard, toning out everything until the very end. She only sat up with Bluebeard nudged her in the side. \"A new member, I see.\" Joker said, approaching her and Bluebeard. \"And who might you be, my dear?\" \"This sister is Sophia.\" Bluebeard said. \"She doesn't speak, but isn't deaf either.\" Sophia nodded, bowing her head respectfully to the larger and older cat. \"I see.\" Joker nodded. \"And did you enjoy the service this evening, Sophia?\" In truth, Sophia had been very frightened when the cats basically committed suicide, leaping into the electricity on their own free will. But she didn't want to appear impolite—not to mention she was afraid of what Joker would do to her if she said no—so she nodded with a slight smile. \"Your first time here?\" He asked softly. She nodded again. \"I expect first timers to be frightened. Go home now. And may Brother Claudandus protect you from the murderer.\" She bowed again before following Bluebeard. Once outside, she shuddered heavily, tail lashing. The one-eyed Manx laughed at her. \"Ah, you'll get used to it Toots. So, you got a place to stay?\" She shook her head. \"Come with me then.\" He led her into a dark alleyway, to three large crates covered by a tarp. Underneath was an old, holey cushion, and some smaller, rattier pillows. \"It ain't much, but it's home.\" He suddenly glared at her. \"I'm not gonna find some can openers lookin' for their lost kitty in the morning, am I?\" Sophia blinked in confusion. \"Can openers, as in humans. You ain't got a can opener who's lookin' for you, do ya?\" He asked again, sitting on one side of the cushion. Snorting, Sophia shook her head, scratched the ground with her hind feet, threw her tail up at the door, and curled up on the cushion next to the older cat. As she drifted off to sleep, she heard him chuckling, \"I think I'm gonna like you, Soph.\" A/N Sorry I haven't been writing recently, even though my family and I got back from Vegas/California last Tuesday. I had to take some pills for a brief allergy reaction (I just had some hives from smelling roasting nuts for too long) and had just been recovering from the trip in general. And this chapter writing progress has been slower than a snail in the beginning because I had, and still kinda have, writer's block. So, this chapter isn't very long, or in my opinion good. But I really wanted to get back on track with writing; I'll also try and start writing for my Rise of the Guardians fanfic as well. The hardest part to write was Sophia meeting Kong and the Hermans. I'm not sure how he's portrayed in the book, but Kong looked more like a dog mutant than a cat in the film. The Hermans looked more like cats than him, and they were scrawny, ugly-looking things. Not to mention he's just not a nice guy. Joker's dialogue during the sect was taken from the German-to-English transcript of Felidae, which I do not own. Updates will more than likely still be slow for both this story and my Rise of the Guardians fanfic. But I'll still try and write as much as I can.[Chapter 3] A/N I don't own this story or characters; I only own Sophia. Guest: I'm glad you like it so far :) Yes, he'll still be in the story. Sophia's basically an add-on character to the story, though a couple of things may be changed; similar to the butterfly effect, where if you alter even the smallest of things in the past, it has a big impact on the present day, in terms of time-traveling. I'm glad you don't think Sophia's a mary-sue. I really try to make sure my OCs aren't mary-sues, so I'm always happy to hear they aren't. Also, Sophia isn't born mute, like Little Rose (one of my many Lion King OCs) nor did she become permanently mute. She can still speak, she just chooses not to. I won't say when, but she won't stay silent forever. Sophia slept uneasily that night. She sometimes had what she called mini-nightmares about her past; mostly her father forcing her, vocally and physically, to be seen and not heard, and being shut in a small room for the whole night. And she had several mini-nightmares the night she arrived at the new neighborhood and met Bluebeard and the other cats. Bluebeard snorted awake when someone kicked him in the side. \"Hey, watch where you're kickin'!\" He snapped, sitting up and yawning. Sophia didn't wake up. Rather, she continued to toss and turn, whimpering under her breath, which was the first sound Bluebeard heard her make in knowing her for almost twenty-four hours, save for gasping. At one point or another, he could have sworn he heard her mutter under her breath, \"Please, no, Father!\" \"Hey, Soph,\" He nudged her with a paw. \"Wake up.\" Even in deep sleep, Sophia was easy to wake up with a simple nudge. So when Bluebeard pawed at her, she snapped awake, panting. \"Sounds like you had quite a nightmare, Toots.\" Bluebeard remarked, licking his paw and wiping behind his ear. \"Some Daddy troubles?\" Her eyes widened, and she sat up quickly, wrapping her skinny tail tightly around her paws, something she did when embarrassed. \"Hey, it ain't none of my business.\" Bluebeard said. \"Wanna go find some breakfast?\" Happy for the change of subject, Sophia nodded, standing and stretching. For the next several days, Sophia felt happy in the neighborhood, despite the shaky start. When she woke up, she and Bluebeard would first go and find breakfast, which was usually garbage out of a dumpster, though she sometimes was able to save some rats, mice, or birds she hunted the previous day. One day, about two weeks after arriving, Sophia went out on her own, leaving Bluebeard to take an afternoon nap at the crates. She walked by the large house the sect was held in, and saw an unfamiliar car parked beside it. She cocked her head about it, wondering if a human, or can opener, as Bluebeard called them, had moved in. If that's the case, they'll get a nasty surprise at night when the sect goes on upstairs. She then noticed the familiar smell of death and blood. Oh no, not again! She followed her nose to the backyard, where she found a dead black cat under a tree. Once again, his throat was shredded, and his dead eyes stared at nothing. Upon seeing it, Sophia ran back to the crates and shook Bluebeard awake. \"Ugh, what do you want?\" He grumbled. She dragged a paw across her throat. \"Another one?\" He groaned. Nodding, she led him to the house and sat on the roof overhanging the back patio. \"Ah, shit.\" Bluebeard huffed, sitting down next to Sophia. \"This one's Sascha. I didn't know him well, but I guess he's screwed now.\" Gee, really? Sophia's ear twitched upon hearing paw steps in the nearby window. Both she and Bluebeard looked back to see a black and white tom with intelligent-looking green eyes, and one white paw step out. Bluebeard turned back to the backyard, but Sophia still watched the new brother as he sat down next to her, watching them in curiosity. Blinking at him, Sophia turned back to Sascha's dead body, sighing. A horrified gasp told her the black and white tom saw him too. Bluebeard jumped down into the backyard and approached the body. Sophia and the new tom followed him. \"Damn can opener.\" The Manx grumbled. \"What?\" The tom asked. \"Can opener? I'm sorry, you lost me.\" \"It must have been a friggin' can opener,\" Bluebeard said. \"Ain't it obvious? They gave our poor little Sascha a new ventilation hole in the throat.\" \"Oh, you mean a man?\" The tom asked, glancing from Bluebeard to Sophia, who nodded. \"Did either of you witness it?\" \"Aw, hell no,\" Bluebeard shook his head, scratching his claws into the bark of the tree. \"But only men are brutal enough to do a thing like this. Lousy can openers, whose only uses are for opening our dinner cans.\" He glanced down at Sascha and sighed, \"And he's the fourth in the last month.\" \"Do you mean this is the fourth dead body?\" Sophia and Bluebeard glanced at each other with sarcastic smirks. Nothing gets by this one, apparently. Sophia thought to herself. \"I guess you're new on the block.\" Bluebeard remarked. \"You taken up that shit heap in there? Interesting place. I go in there for a piss occasionally.\" Sophia rolled her eyes as he laughed. The black and white tom was examining the corpse closely, and shook his head, \"I don't think a can opener did this. This brother's throat's been shredded, not cut.\" Bluebeard and Sophia looked at Sascha's throat, and the Manx began walking away silently, glancing back to ask, \"Hey, little smartass, what do they call you?\" \"Francis.\" The tom answered. \"'Francis'.\" Bluebeard rolled his eyes. Francis raised an eyebrow at Bluebeard as he disappeared over the brick fence, and shrugged his shoulders. He turned to Sophia and asked, \"And who are you, then?\" She gestured at her collar. He looked close at it and asked, \"If I may ask, Sophia, why did you not speak? Are you able to?\" She nodded, and did what she did when Bluebeard asked the same question: she gestured at her eyes with a paw and nodded, and then gestured at her ear and shook her head. \"You must be seen but not heard?\" Francis asked. She nodded. \"I see.\" The tom nodded, shrugging once. \"How long have you been here? A week?\" Sophia shook her head and pawed at the ground twice. \"Two weeks?\" She nodded. \"My human, or rather can opener, as your friend calls them, Gus, and I just arrived. He writes poetry, you see, and often gets writer's block. He thinks moving helps them. So, you can put two and two together and see that we move a lot.\" Sophia smiled kindly at him, leapt onto the brick fence that Bluebeard exited over, and waved her tail at Francis. \"Goodbye.\" He nodded. \"I have a feeling we may see each other again.\" Hopefully it won't be Bluebeard or I finding your corpse . A/N I'm definitely picking up on writing again, even managing to finally start a new chapter for the Halloween Cat 2 . But for the past few days, I've been sick with a cold, so I hadn't been up to writing much. I had finished this chapter before then, but then I got sick, and wasn't able to post it. I'll try and finish the THC 2 chapter as soon as I can, because I know it's been over a month since I updated it. Some of you seem to have the misconception that Sophia can't speak, as opposed to her choosing to simply not speak. As you can see in the beginning of this chapter, when Bluebeard sees her tossing and turning while she's sleeping, she can speak. She's just been so scarred by her father's treatment, she doesn't speak out of habit and fear. Like I said, she won't stay silent forever ;) So, this is where we start Felidae , canon-wise. As you can see, I'm not directly copying the dialogue from the film, English-dub or not. I tend to try and not basically copy-and-paste dialogue from movies, if I'm writing during a movie, and instead try to adjust it a bit, if that makes any sense. Plus, I may be writing from memory alone.[Chapter 4] A/N I don't own this story or characters; I only own Sophia. Mirage1234: Thanks. There aren't many Felidae fanfics to begin with, and I like the film, so I decided to try my hand with this series. That night, Sophia snuck back to the house to see if Francis made it home alright. To her relief, she saw the black and white tom trot up to the house looking just fine. Even though she had just met Francis, she didn't want anything bad to happen to him, as he seemed like a kind and intelligent cat. Much better company than ones like Kong. She hadn't met up with the large cat much, only once or twice, and he was still as nasty and obnoxious as the day she met him. The next morning, it was Bluebeard waking Sophia up with grim news. \"Looks like there's been another one.\" He said. \"Not that smartass, Francis, but an older cat, Deep Purple.\" Sophia's ears tilted. She had met Deep Purple once, and seemed like a nice cat. He didn't seem put off that she never spoke, and had welcomed her to the neighborhood. Now he was gone; another innocent life taken. Truth be told, Sophia didn't know the other cats' lives, and Deep Purple could have been a horrible individual all along. But she liked to think that the cats were decent ones. \"There really hasn't been much of a pattern, aside from them being brothers.\" Bluebeard said as Sophia sifted through a dumpster for breakfast. \"Anyone could be next. Who's to say the killer wouldn't go after a female?\" Sophia shuddered as she dropped a half-eaten fish down to the Manx. She found a chicken leg with only one bit taken out of it. She dropped that to the ground as well, and jumped down to eat. Once she was done, and had groomed herself, she nudged Bluebeard. \"What?\" He asked, his mouth full of fish. Grimacing at his manners, she tapped her head with a paw, and wiggled her backside. After staring at her in confusion, Bluebeard asked, \"The smartass? What about him? Show him Deep Purple?\" She nodded, tapping her head. \"Well, either way, might be a good idea to at least tell him so he knows the killings are still going on. He doesn't sound like a bad guy.\" A few hours later, Sophia climbed up the fire escape and nudged a cracked door open. She found Francis lying on the ground, tossing and groaning in a nightmare. She approached him and shook him. He gasped awake, and sat up, yawning. \"Sophia?\" He mumbled sleepily. \"What are you doing here?\" Behind her, he saw Bluebeard come in. \"Did you come in here to take a leak? Forget it! You won't piss in here anymore. I live here now, and I have my standards.\" Bluebeard shook his head. \"Another killing?\" Francis tried. \"How the hell did—yeah, there's been another one.\" Bluebeard said, sitting down by the door. \"Let me guess: this one's a tom, just like the other four stiffs.\" Francis said, scratching behind one ear. Sophia's eyes widened. Bluebeard hadn't told him this, and neither had her. \"Shit, yeah!\" Bluebeard nodded. \"How the hell did you know that?\" \"Just a guess,\" Francis shrugged. \"But an educated one.\" \"Anyway, this time, as I told Sophia, it's old Deep Purple who's gone to kingdom come this time. His throat looks like someone decided to test their new icepick to see if it works.\" \"One question: was Deep Purple castrated?\" Bluebeard ate a spider that had come down from a cobweb near him, making Sophia cringe in disgust, and laughed, \"Purple? Castrated? Hah, no. He hadn't been 'getting in his game' lately. He was about as old as Methuselah, but he looked even older.\" \"Hmm.\" Francis hummed in thought, stepping out onto the balcony. \"Is that all you got to say?\" Bluebeard huffed. \"You're beginning to get on my nerves, wiseass.\" Sophia joined Francis as he asked, \"Where is Deep Purple's corpse now? Can you show it to me?\" \"Sure.\" Bluebeard shrugged, stepping out. \"Why not?\" \"Say, what's your name, smartass?\" \"Bluebeard. And I've had more babes in my time than King Henry VIII.\" The Manx laughed. Sophia shook her head with a smile. So, you've had more than six \"babes\"? Somehow, I doubt that. Later that evening, she found herself following Bluebeard to the garage the one-eyed cat said Deep Purple's corpse was found, with Francis right behind her. She could feel his eyes run over her before leaving to look elsewhere, and it made her a little self-conscious. She never thought herself to be ugly, but she knew Sphinx cats weren't very attractive, having very little hair to the point of feeling like a peach. And she wondered if Francis was judging her looks. Before she could glance back at the tom, he cried out in surprise as several birds took flight. She jumped as well, but managed to hold her tongue. Bluebeard paused to look back, and high-pitched snickers broke the silence. Looking ahead, the three cats saw two familiar, identical-looking, scrawny cats. \"Dead end!\" They sounded, stalking towards the party. Oh dear. If they're here, a bigger and uglier cat must not be too far away. Sophia groaned silently. \"Well, what do you know? Herman and Herman.\" Bluebeard shook his head. \"Do me a favor, and don't tell me again how 'rewarding' and 'enriching' a life could be castrated. I still take your word for it. You're lighter on your feet at least, I suppose.\" Herman and Herman glanced at each other and glared at the Manx. Then, the bushes snapped. \"Kong,\" Bluebeard sighed. \"How can you still put up with these two?\" Sophia cringed at the loud laugh. \"Bluebeard! You ugly old furball. I see you've been cruising the gay scene! That cutie-pie behind the naked rat sure is a juicy number! Has he been teaching you some new techniques?\" Sophia grimaced and glanced back at Francis sympathetically. \"No, but I think he'd like to teach you personally.\" Bluebeard shook his head as Kong stepped out into full view, still laughing in his annoying way. \"Ah, so you are looking for trouble? Okay then, come and get it!\" The Manx challenged. Kong leapt onto the stonewall the cats had been walking along, barely fitting. \"Well, I'm impressed.\" Bluebeard said sarcastically. \"And I see you want to show off for my friends, Sophia and Francis. Well, I'm not gonna sit here and let three take on two! So, bring it on, ugly bastard!\" He scratched at the stone beneath him and hissed. Sophia extended her long claws, pinned her ears back, and hissed loudly. Francis revealed his claws and hissed as well. Herman and Herman growled at the party of three. Kong blinked in surprise, and laughed, \"Hey, man, I'm pissing myself with fright! And as for you , Cutie-Pie, we'll be having a date, just you and I, in the not too-distant future. And so, 'till then!\" He leapt over the stonewall, with the Hermans right behind him. So, Kong's sexuality is certainly…questionable. He's still an annoying prick though. \"Say, Bluebeard?\" Francis asked. \"It seems to me that you're backtracking some.\" \"You don't say.\" Bluebeard answered as the cats began moving again. \"And why do you think so?\" \"Well, you told him I was your friend. Especially when I believe you know even Sophia longer than I, as I've only been here a day, and Sophia's been here for two weeks.\" Bluebeard grumbled under his breath. Sophia glanced over her shoulder at Francis with a smile. Soon, they arrived at the garage. There were a few small puddles of dried blood outside, and when the cats stepped inside, slumped on a dusty old motorcycle was a dead, old, brown cat. Despite having seen two dead cats by now, Sophia flinched at the sight and still-lingering smell of death and blood. \"If you'd like, I think I can sum up Purple's last few minutes:\" Francis said. \"The murderer attacked outside. That's obvious by the blood in the garden.\" He jumped onto the motorcycle to get a closer look at the body. \"Somehow, he was able to drag himself in here. Not too bad for a fella his age.\" He turned back to Bluebeard. \"Didn't you say Purple was too old to be interested in females?\" \"More like sex, but yeah.\" Bluebeard nodded. \"Why?\" \"Use your nose! Purple had gotten excited before he died!\" Francis said, almost excitedly. Bluebeard and Sophia sniffed the air. The female cat could indeed smell remaining male musk that male cats released when trying to attract a mate. Francis jumped back down to the ground and said, \"One big factor of the murders, as far as I can tell, is mating. Perhaps the murderer doesn't want or like competition for females, and wants to wipe out the males.\" Sophia nodded slightly, remembering that Bluebeard had pointed out that the only victims, so far, had been strictly males. \"Or, perhaps,\" Francis continued. \"He has an objection to the whole thing.\" \"These days, they call it 'cock-blocking.'\" Bluebeard said. \"And I still think it's a can opener!\" \"Bluebeard, don't kid yourself! An icepick didn't cause this, or Sascha's death. This was done by teeth.\" Sophia nudged Francis with a paw, and extended her claws. \"She's right. Claws or teeth, a cat did this.\" The black and white tom agreed. \"In order to solve this mystery, in my opinion, I'm going to have to know every soul and inch of this neighborhood. And you and Sophia are the two cats who can help me with that, Bluebeard.\" \"I know Soph would be pleased to help, but will I be so willing? That's the question.\" As Bluebeard stepped out of the garage, he paused and said, \"Tomorrow, I'll take both of you to meet someone. Now he's a real clever bastard.\" Sophia jumped onto the motorcycle and examined Deep Purple's paws. \"What are you looking for?\" Francis asked. Sophia wiggled the toes on her front paw, and ruffled Deep Purple's fur. Francis joined her, evidently understanding, and glanced at the corpse's paws as well. \"Hmm, good try. But either the murderer was smart enough to remove his fur, or he's a Sphinx, no offense.\" Sophia shook her head with a slight smile, silently saying she wasn't offended. \"Anyway, I think we've had enough excitement for one night. How about we both go home and get some rest?\" Nodding, Sophia waved goodbye with her tail before heading home. She found Bluebeard sitting by the alleyway. \"I was wondering if I'd have to go find you.\" He said. \"I hate to say, but we won't be able to go to sleep tonight.\" Her ears tilted in annoyance. The sect. How could I forget? A/N Not only am I putting Sophia into canon events, but I'm also trying to write a bit of plot inbetween events. For example, between the time Francis met Bluebeard and Bluebeard told Francis that another cat had been killed. Plus, Sophia's with a different cat than the main character of the film. The part with Kong and the Hermans was a bit difficult to write, but I think it turned out decent. Sophia looking for fur in Deep Purple's claws was kinda borrowed from the first book in the Warriors series, where a murdered female cat had brown fur stuck in her claws, proving that a gray cat hadn't killed her (fans of the series, I think you know what I'm talking about) I figured in this case, the murderer would have been smart enough to get rid of any evidence of his killings.[Chapter 5] A/N I don't own this story or characters; I only own Sophia. Mirage1234: Yes, I have. Though I confess I only read the first series. But I would someday like to read all of the books. I may borrow one or two elements from the series for this story. Guest: I'm sorry, but I've never read that book, nor do I plan to ever read it. As such, I don't plan on writing a crossover with it. That night, Sophia and Bluebeard arrived at Francis's house and went upstairs, finding the room already filled with cats. \"Francis is gonna have a nasty wakeup call.\" Bluebeard chuckled, sitting down. Sophia sat by the Manx, nodding in agreement. Soon, the ceremony started. Sophia looked anywhere but the front, where the electricity glowed with a sinister blue light, and tried to block out the occasional screams and burnt-fur smells of the electrocuted cats. Outside, it began raining. Thunder and lightning accompanied it. \"He suffered the cruelest tortures, day after day!\" Joker yelled over the screaming cats and buzzing electricity. \"But his vision is immortal, and he remains our inspiration!\" Why does he let those cats torture themselves? Is it really in the name of a dead cat? Would Claudandus, whoever he was, really want other cats to kill themselves? \"In the name of brother Claudandus! In the name of brother Claudandus, who sacrificed himself for our selfless lives! Claudandus! Oh, holy one, Claudandus! Hear us! Look down on our suffering! Hear thou our prayer!\" When the cats began chanting, Sophia glanced up at the ceiling, sighing. Her eyes widened when she saw a familiar black and white face with green eyes staring down at the ceremony through a hole in the ceiling. I guess Bluebeard was right. When he saw her looking, Francis raised a paw to his mouth, silently shushing her. She nodded and took her eyes off of him. \"Those who believe in him will know truth!\" Joker continued. \"And the chosen shall know his blessing and mercy!\" \"What were you lookin' at?\" Bluebeard whispered. Sophia glanced up at the ceiling, where Francis was still watching. \"Huh. What'd I tell ya? A rude wakeup call.\" Bluebeard chuckled again. Francis shifted his paws, causing debris to fall in front of and on Joker. Pausing in his monotonous chanting, the older cat looked up at the ceiling, eyes narrowing. Even before he yelled that there was someone upstairs, Sophia took off out of the room and up the stairs as fast as she could. She found Francis standing by a piece of wood propped up against another hole in the ceiling. \"You're not reporting me, are you?\" He asked. Not pausing, Sophia climbed up the board and pulled herself through the hole into the attic. She could hear, behind her, paw steps thundering, voices screeching, and the board creaking as Francis climbed up. When Francis began slipping, Sophia grabbed his scruff and pulled him out of the hole. Looking down, she saw the board had cracked in half, and a few angry-looking cats scattered on the lower floor below. \"Thanks.\" Francis panting. Then, he gasped. Turning, Sophia's jaw dropped at the sight of the room they were in. It was full of medical supplies, including a full operating table. \"Looks like Dr. Frankenstein's laboratory from Hell.\" Francis gulped. Both cats' ears perked up at a sudden noise. A trap door with a large crate on top began shaking. \"Let's go.\" Francis said. \"I don't want to be around when that opens. And I have a hunch I know what's below it.\" Sophia nodded as she followed the black and white cat to the opposite side of the room. Moonlight shown in front of them through a hole in the wall, big enough for one cat at a time to squeeze through. It had stopped storming by then. She wasted no time running for it and getting out. The wood left two or three scrapes in her exposed skin, but she ignored them as she paused, watching Francis pop out, but become halfway stuck. \"Sophia! Help me! They're right on my tail!\" He yelled. She grabbed his scruff again and gave it a good tug. He popped out, and they both fell down the roof. Francis stopped himself on the gutter, and pulled Sophia back up as well. They both ran down the gutter just as a few cats slid down the roof behind them. Soon, both cats were running down gutters and over roofs, not wasting a second to look back at the hoard of cats trailing after them. They made it to the ground, pausing by a gutter pipe. A cat stood nearby, hissing angrily at them both. Sophia brushed dirt in the cat's face and shot up the pipe. She could hear Francis climbing up after her. They popped out onto another roof, and were chased onto a board sticking out over a ledge, secured by only a cat-sized sandbag. We're trapped! Sophia whimpered. A long-haired cat tackled Francis with a growl. The black and white tom wrestled momentarily with his opponent before kicking him off into the sandbag. The cat sat back and watched as the board fell, taking Francis and Sophia with it. They jumped off and landed in a leaf-less tree. Francis landed on a thick branch with a thump, while Sophia dug her claws into the bark and slowed to a stop above him before jumping off and following him off of the tree and onto another roof. This was not how I wanted to spend my night! I'll take attending the Claudandus sect ten times over this ! At least I'm not being chased by dozens of mad cats. After several more minutes of running, Francis and Sophia finally slowed to a walk, pausing behind a chimney by a sky window. They could hear the other cats meowing and chattering all around them. \"I can smell him,\" One drawled. \"Him and that silent, hairless one. They must be around here…they were here.\" Sophia backed away from the approaching shadows, gasping when she felt the window beneath her give away. She grabbed Francis's hind foot, taking her with him as she fell into a well-lit and warm room below. The sky window closed above them, and they could see the cats walk by, unaware that they had missed their targets by a few seconds. Both cats sighed with relief. \"You're both new in the neighborhood,\" A kind voice said behind them. \"Aren't you?\" Sophia and Francis spun around to see a beautiful Russian Blue curled up on a green pillow in a rocking chair in front of the fireplace. They couldn't see her face, but they could see she had a golden collar, similar to Sophia's silver collar. \"Yes, that's right,\" Francis said. \"Though Sophia's been here longer. My name's Francis—\" \"Friend or foe?\" The female asked suddenly. \"Friends.\" Francis immediately answered. \"Friends forever.\" \"Two friends who fell suddenly out of the sky.\" She turned her head towards them. She had icy-blue eyes with very thin pupils. \"Well, not exactly,\" Francis shook his head. \"Only through the sky window, not from the sky. We were running from some lunatics from the Claudandus sect. They were objecting to me watching their ceremony; Sophia helped me escape.\" \"That sounds typical of them.\" The Russian Blue said, sitting on the wide windowsill. \"Why hasn't our new friend spoken?\" \"She prefers to be seen but not heard.\" Francis shrugged. \"But she means no harm. I think she is able to speak, but she chooses not to.\" Sophia sat down near the female cat. \"I see.\" She nodded. \"Tell me, Francis, has it gotten light outside yet?\" Sophia's ears tilted in sadness and realization. \"Yes,\" He said, jumping up and sitting down beside her. \"But surely you can see that for your—\" Sophia hissed shortly, frowning slightly at him from the other side of the Russian Blue. He gasped softly in realization. \"You're blind!\" \"I'm not blind,\" She shook her head. \"I just can't see.\" She jumped down and sat in front of the fire. \"Do you ever go out?\" Francis asked as he and Sophia followed her. \"No. But not a day in my life goes by that I haven't wished I could see this world, evil and cruel though it is.\" Sophia sat by the Russian Blue and leaned on her shoulder in condolence. \"I, I'm sorry.\" Francis sighed, laying a paw on hers. \"Why? There are worse things in life, Francis. We can get used to anything…except having to live in a dog kennel, perhaps.\" She and Francis both chuckled at the joke. Sophia simply smiled. \"Have you always been like this?\" Francis asked, then cleared his throat. \"I mean,\" \"Been blind?\" The Russian Blue asked. \"Mm-hmm.\" Francis nodded. \"Yes, since birth.\" The female said, licking a paw. \"But it's so strange, I see pictures. Pictures in my mind.\" \"What kind of pictures?\" Francis asked. \"I see many people gathered around me. And they're so big, and somehow bright. This man bends over me, smiling. He has something shiny in his hand, and it causes terrible pain…and then I fall asleep.\" Sniffling, the female walked back to the windowsill. Sophia exchanged a knowing glance with Francis, who nodded and said to the Russian Blue, \"Sophia and I agree that you weren't blind from birth. Some human did something terrible to you.\" \"How can that be true?\" The female disagreed. \"Humans are the kindest creatures I know. Who else would give a useless thing like me a home?\" Shaking her head, Sophia joined the Russian Blue and gave her cheek a few licks. \"Thank you.\" She said, smiling slightly. \"May I change the subject, er,\" \"Felicity.\" The Russian Blue finally introduced herself. \"Have you heard anything you would call 'unusual' in the past several weeks?\" Francis asked. Twisting her mouth in a thinking expression, Felicity nodded, \"Only death cries from fellow cats.\" Sophia's ears perked up. \"This means you're the first witness to the killings!\" Francis said excitedly, jumping onto the windowsill as well. \"I don't see why this is so interesting.\" \"Why, Felicity! We're talking murder!\" \"Murder? Oh, no, I'm sure you're wrong.\" Felicity shook her head. \"I think it might have been mating rivalries that rose to another level.\" Sophia pinned back one ear in confusion. \"How do you think so?\" Francis asked. \"The death cries are always from males. I could tell that they were sexually excited. And then there is someone else there. Someone they evidently know.\" \"And did this someone speak to these 'excited' males?\" \"Yes, though I'm sorry to say I didn't hear what he said. But there was urgency in the tone of his voice. It was as if he was trying to convince or tell the other males something.\" \"And then?\" \"And then I'd hear those awful cries.\" Felicity shuddered. Sophia pursed her lips in thought. So, that's two different cats saying the murder motives are related to sex. Interesting. Perhaps Francis was right in that this murderer wants to wipe out other competition. Does he want all of the female to himself? Or is it something else much deeper? \"Do you know about the Claudandus sect?\" Francis asked Felicity. \"Not much, I'm afraid.\" She said. \"Only that the subject of their prayers is a dead martyr called Claudandus, who lived long ago. He was tortured by humans almost his whole life.\" \"Oh, my.\" Francis sighed. A squeak from the ceiling suddenly sounded. All three cats looked up to see Bluebeard looking down through the sky window. \"Why'd you run off?\" He asked. \"The brothers just wanted to talk with you.\" \"Oh, sure,\" Francis scoffed, jumping down to the floor. \"With 300 bolts loosening my tongue?\" He turned back to Felicity and promised, \"I'll be back soon. But at the moment, I need to have a word with my 'friend,' here.\" As he climbed up to the ceiling, Sophia had a feeling Francis was irritated at Bluebeard, not because of being nearly caught and possibly electrocuted, but because of something else. That's right. We didn't tell him about the sect. \"Toots? Ya coming?\" Bluebeard asked.\" \"Go on, Sophia,\" Felicity said. \"I'll be fine here.\" Standing and giving the Russian Blue one more lick, Sophia followed Francis out of the sky window and onto the roof. They both looked back to see Felicity sitting in the middle of the floor, gazing up at the ceiling. \"I hope we're doing the right thing in leaving her here alone.\" Francis sighed. Sophia nodded in agreement, glancing back at the roof as she followed Francis and Bluebeard back to the house. The sun was rising, and Francis promised some extra fish for them both for breakfast. A/N Sorry for taking a while to upload. I had a bit of writers block, and am thinking of trying a big project, though it would be somewhat expensive. Like I mentioned before, I'm mixing the original German version and the English dub version of the film for this story. So, there may be some dialogue from the English version, or from the German, or it might be mixed up, or I my write it all my own. In general, I'm trying not to directly copy from either versions of the film. I was originally a bit worried about adding Sophia because I didn't want her to be involved with every moment of the movie. But at least one person was eager for her to meet Felicity, so I pulled a few strings and added her in. I think I wrote the chase scene realistically as if two cats were involved instead of one. I was seriously considering having Felicity survive. But I'm afraid I'm going with the canon. Everyone who's seen the movie will know what this means :([Chapter 6] A/N I don't own this story or characters; I only own Sophia. When the cats arrived at the house, the sun was over the horizon, and the sect was gone. Francis's human, a large, redheaded man named Gus, greeted the tom with enthusiasm. \"Who're your new friends, Francis?\" He ruffled Bluebeard's head, much to the Manx's chagrin. But under Francis's stern glare, he kept his tongue, settling for simply glaring at the can opener. \"Oh, this one's name is Sophia.\" Gus cooed, scratching under her chin. \"Are you Francis's new girlfriend?\" Sophia hissed and shook her head, ignoring Francis's stern expression and Bluebeard's snicker. \"It's a good thing I have extra fish for you all.\" Gus brought all three cats into the kitchen and laid three raw, beheaded fish on a plate on the counter. \"Enjoy.\" He said before leaving the room. Francis, Bluebeard, and Sophia jumped onto the counter. The toms sat in the sink, and Sophia lay down by the plate of fish. Bluebeard grabbed one in his mouth, while Sophia settled for taking small bites. Francis licked at his food and said to Bluebeard, \"You and Sophia were happy enough when I decided to try and solve the case. But then you two hide valuable information from me.\" Didn't think it was that important. Bluebeard tried to say something, but the large fish in his mouth made it come out in muffles. \"I'm sorry?\" Francis asked. Bluebeard pulled the fish out and said, \"The sect's harmless. Just a cheap thrill or two to see who's chicken and who ain't. Not that important.\" \"Not that important?\" Francis asked. \"From what I witnessed last night, I wouldn't say so.\" \"The sect's been going on for several years now. Joker was the first to start it, as well as his gospel of Claudandus. And over the years, others and others have gotten more interested.\" \"So that large cat with the charm of a viper is Joker?\" Sophia nodded as she began to chew the tail of her fish. \"I promise you, the whole thing is harmless, Francis,\" Bluebeard said. \"No one even knows who Claudandus was. Perhaps he never even existed?\" He licked his fish and asked if he could eat. \"Yes, of course,\" Francis nodded. \"And then you can take me and Sophia to see this 'clever bastard' you mentioned?\" Bluebeard gulped down his fish in one bite, making Sophia cringe in disgust and push away her fish, which was nearly a skeleton by now. \"As far as can openers go, yours is an exceptional cook.\" Bluebeard said. \"Thanks…I guess.\" Later, Bluebeard led Francis and Sophia out of the house and yard, and along the fence. \"I looked the name up in the dictionary,\" The black and white tom said. \"And Claudandus is Latin, meaning, 'he who must or should be sealed.' What do you think that means?\" \"Let me put the old thinking cap on.\" Bluebeard said sincerely. \"Oh, so you do think, yes?\" \"I think all the time. Surprising, eh? I even read a book once.\" Bluebeard laughed. \"How do you think I figured out Sophia's name without her telling me verbally?\" Sophia nodded with a smile when Francis looked back. \"Well, you just keep surprising me, Bluebeard.\" He said. \"The house isn't too far off. Just a few yards to go.\" They soon arrived at a tall house that reminded Sophia of a castle she saw in a book once from her second owner. She saw movement in the window on the second floor, but presumed it was the cat they were going to meet. All three cats jumped into the yard in front of the front door. Bluebeard lifted his stubby tail at the porch and marked it. \"Bluebeard was here.\" He sighed, chuckling when Sophia curled her lip in disgust and hurried inside. Inside, the house had what looked like a dentist's chair. On the wall opposite were two ancient-looking, sexual paintings. Sophia hardly heard Francis and Bluebeard discussing whether the owner of the house was an art collector or pimp, or that he was a scientist who specialized in parapsychology. She was disgusted by the paintings, but somehow couldn't look away. \"I think Sophia's broken.\" Bluebeard laughed, snapping the Sphinx out of her spell. She shook herself and glanced away, cheeks red in embarrassment. She followed both toms upstairs into another room, with another large painting. This one was of an eerie-looking man with his hands clasped together at his stomach. The bottom of the painting was labelled, \"G.J. Mendel.\" Francis hummed in thought as he stared at the name. \"Delighted to see you, my friends.\" An old voice said. Turning around, the three cats saw an old Brown Havana sitting at a computer. A light-brown stripe led from his head down to his long tail. \"I do hope you enjoyed your tour of the house.\" He turned around and jumped down to the floor. He had a square jaw and small brown eyes. \"So, this know-it—this brother is Francis,\" Bluebeard introduced. \"And this even cleverer brother is Pascal.\" \"Francis? Francis…Well, I'm delighted to meet you.\" Sophia nudged Bluebeard with her shoulder, smirking. \"Oh yeah, and this silent sister is Sophia.\" Pascal's ears perked up. \"Oh, I see. Well, I'm honored to meet you, Sophia. I think we'll all get along just fine. May I offer any of you something to eat?\" \"Thanks, but we've eaten already.\" Francis said. Sophia shook her head, smiling politely. \"Aw, shut up, asshole,\" Bluebeard muttered to Francis, and then said, \"I think I can stomach a few more mouthfuls myself.\" \"Well, you know where the kitchen is.\" Pascal said. \"You'll find some kidneys in a dish.\" Licking his lips noisily, Bluebeard jumped down the stairs. Sophia rolled her eyes with a smile. His stomach is definitely bigger than his eyes. \"If I may, I've never seen one of us work a computer before.\" Francis said as he and Pascal jumped onto the table. Sophia sat on the computer chair nearby, perking her ears up curiously at the monitor. She had seen her second owner use something similar, and had secretly played with the keys and mouse, quickly figuring out how it worked. \"I've been trying, in my own modest and feeble way, to use the computer to track down the murderer lurking around the neighborhood.\" He turned it on and punched in a few letters. \"Do either of you know the meaning of this word: Felidae?\" Sophia shook her head. \"Could it be the technical name for us felines?\" Francis tried. \"Felidae…evolution has created a large variety of different creatures. But not one deserves more respect and admiration than the genus Felidae.\" With a few more clicks of the keyboard and mouse, a list of several cats popped up. \"Wow. What are these lists of?\" Francis asked. \"Merely the residents of our home: names, ages, genders, races—that reminds me, I have yet to enter you and Sophia.\" Pascal said. \"How interesting.\" \"Indeed. And it could help us catch a murderer as well, perhaps.\" \"Did you know that all of the victims were—\" \"Yes, were after some female in heat.\" Pascal interrupted. Tilting an ear in thought, Sophia nudged Pascal, drew a paw across her neck, and gestured at the list. \"I think she's saying to gather all of the dead profiles and see if they have a common feature.\" Francis translated. Sophia nodded. \"Hmm…simple enough.\" Pascal tapped the keyboard again. A new list appeared with five names, including Sascha and Deep Purple. \"Well, apparently they weren't any special breeds of Felidae.\" \"But they had some things in common: males and European Shorthairs—\" \"No, not all of them.\" Pascal shook his head. \"I haven't entered the sixth victim yet.\" \"There's been another?\" Francis's eyes widened. Oh no, please don't tell me it's who I think it was! She shook her head as the letters were typed in: F-E-L-I-C-I-T-Y. \"Felicity?!\" Francis cried, staring at the screen. \"Yes,\" Pascal sighed. \"Dear Felicity, I'm afraid.\" \"Pascal, no! That can't be true! Sophia and I left her only a few hours ago!\" Francis jumped down to the floor and ran to the stairs. Sophia followed after him, barely hearing Pascal say that someone had told him before she, Francis, and Bluebeard had arrived. Francis ran by Bluebeard, who had just finished his second meal of the day. \"What's your hurry?\" He asked, not getting an answer. He grabbed Sophia's tail as she ran by, effectively stopping her in her tracks. \"Where's de 'ire?\" He mumbled. \"There's been a sixth murder,\" Pascal explained, coming into the kitchen. \"Poor blind Felicity. Francis is running back to find her.\" He turned to Sophia. \"The informant told me it was too horrific to imagine. I think you better stay here, Sophia.\" Sophia crouched down on the floor, shivering madly. She barely noticed Bluebeard letting her tail go, or when he crouched down next to her. As the two of them left Pascal's house, Francis returned. His eyes were wide, and his face was pale. \"She's dead.\" He said numbly as they stood by a tree. Francis collapsed on his side, still staring blankly. Bluebeard sat in a tiny, nearby tree, and Sophia sat by the two tomes, lowering her head in sadness. I should have followed my gut and stayed with her. I could have protected her. \"Pascal said the one who told him said it was nasty,\" Bluebeard finally said, breaking the silence. \"…It was the worse I think we've seen.\" Francis sighed. \"She was laying in the middle of the floor…her head…her head was ripped from her body.\" Sophia retched audibly at the thought. \"And her eyes were wide open, as if even in the face of death, the thing she longed for, more than anything, was to see.\" Sophia brushed a tear from her eye, sniffling. \"It's sad, but life goes on.\" Bluebeard said in a surprisingly-solemn tone. \"Did you read that cliché from that book you say you read?!\" Francis snapped, sitting up. Sophia scowled lightly at the black and white tom. \"I was only trying to help.\" Bluebeard said. \"I swear that whoever murdered dear Felicity is gonna pay!\" Francis growled. Then, he shouted to the sky, \"Do you hear me, bastard?! You're gonna pay!\" \"We'll get ya, shit-head!\" Bluebeard joined in. Sophia simply hissed loudly and angrily. \"I don't care what Pascal thinks,\" Francis continued. \"Felicity had been murdered because she knew too much about something.\" He began walking down the stone wall, muttering to himself. \"I'm sorry, Soph,\" Bluebeard said. \"I didn't know her real well, but I assume you did?\" Sophia shrugged, still pondering. Does this mean the murderer's decided to target queens as well? What did poor Felicity do to have to suffer such a cruel fate? Had she refused something that the murderer wanted to do? Or is Francis right in that she knew too much about the killings? Who could be next? She shuddered at the thought. \"Don't worry, Toots,\" Bluebeard stood up. \"Francis and I aren't gonna let that shit-head hurt a single…er, whisker, on you.\" Sophia smiled in appreciation, feeling a bit better that she had friends who would protect her. She licked Bluebeard's cheek and climbed onto the stone wall, not noticing the Manx frozen and stunned until she looked back and laughed. Later that evening, unable to sleep, Sophia stepped out of the crate she and Bluebeard shared and began walking. She had no idea where she was going; she simply stared at the ground, watching one paw step in front of the other on the sidewalk, and eventually the stone wall. She paused when she realized someone was following her. Her ears tilted back, but she heard no one. She sniffed at the air, finding the scent of an unfamiliar tom behind her. Oh no! Is this the murderer? She slowly walked further down the wall, listening cautiously. Behind her, she heard slow paw steps. With a hiss, she jumped and spun in midair, turning herself around. \"Hush! I mean no harm!\" The male exclaimed. Sophia blinked in surprise. The creature tailing her was indeed a tom cat, but was unlike one she had ever seen. He had a slender build with a bushy tail, a thin face, and gorgeous yellow fur that almost looked golden in the dim light of nearby light poles. He had narrow golden eyes, a darker yellow stripe that led from his nose down to the tip of his tail, a white belly, and tuffed ear tips. Sophia backed a step away, curling her lips back to reveal her sharp teeth, and pinning her ears back. \"Be still! I am not the murderer you seek.\" He said, sitting down. Sophia slowly sat down as well, though she kept a skeptical eye on the tom. \"I'm afraid I cannot tell you my name at the moment, but would your name happen to be Sophia?\" She perked her ears up in surprise, nodding. \"I've come to warn you: cease this meaningless mission of finding the murderer,\" The tom said. \"Or you may find yourself between a rock and a hard place.\" Sophia furrowed her eyebrows, lashing her tail back and forth. \"This isn't a warning of hostility, but to ensure that more innocent lives aren't taken…or else, not so innocent. You be the judge.\" He leapt down to the ground and disappeared into the bushes. What on earth? That was certainly an odd character. He didn't seem very concerned about my or anyone else's safety. And what did he mean 'not so innocent'? Feeling a little shaken about the encounter, Sophia continued on her midnight walk, though her mind played back the encounter with the strange tom. What sort of breed was he though? He didn't look like any housecat, stray or not, that I've ever seen. He looked more exotic and…wild. A/N I felt Bluebeard had to have met Gus in order to get free food, since Francis couldn't have possibly eat three fish all on his own (there really were three fish in the original film) Plus, Bluebeard probably wouldn't have believed Gus prepared the fish unless he saw it himself. It probably won't be related to the story, but does anyone know what timeframe Felidae takes place? It has computers, but they look really old. Plus, even though the film was published in 1994, the novel was published five years prior. I'm also blind to the history of computers. If anyone knows the time period of when Felidae takes place, whether film or novel, I'd greatly appreciate it :) I decided Sophia didn't need to be a part of every event in the movie (I try to not make my characters present during every minute of an original film/book if they appear in said film/book) and as such, I didn't write her finding Felicity's corpse. I decided it would be really interesting if Sophia encountered another cat. For those who read the book and/or saw the movie, the hints of the cat having a wild appearance almost-golden fur, and golden eyes might sound familiar ;) I posted a poll on my profile concerning the end of the film when Francis confronts the murderer. There are five choices to choose from, including a couple where Bluebeard actually helps Francis and/or Sophia against the killer, depending on said choice. Hopefully by the time the end of the film rolls around (I'll try and write past the end, though it won't be based on the books, as I've never read them) one of the choices will have a few votes.[Chapter 7] A/N I don't own this story or characters; I only own Sophia. Mirage1234: Thank you :) Sophia continued on her nightly walk, finding herself at Francis's house. Her paws took her inside, pausing at the staircase. She saw Francis exit the bedroom to the left of the staircase. She trotted up to him, waving her tail in greeting. \"Oh, good evening, Sophia.\" He nodded. \"Couldn't sleep?\" She shook her head. \"Me neither. I just woke up from a horrific nightmare.\" She sat down and cocked her head in curiosity. \"Well, I was in a field that was literally made of dead cats, as far as the eye could see.\" Francis began explaining, sitting as well. \"Then, a giant can opener rose out of the field, talking about Felidae being the answer to the puzzle, hybrid plant experiments, and some things Pascal said. I'm sure I recognize the man…well, never mind. It was a simple nightmare.\" He stood up and nudged open a door that was across the bedroom he had just exited. \"Whenever my mind is full and racing, I usually go hunting to calm the nerves. Care to join me?\" Sophia nodded with a smile and followed the tom down to the basement. It was full of old furniture, papers, and random junk. In a small clearing, illuminated by lightning through a small window near the ceiling, were about half a dozen rats, grooming themselves and chewing on random pieces of garbage. Francis slowly circled the group, while Sophia snuck in straight on. Then, they pounced. Squeaking, the rats ran for cover. One climbed up a stack of books and onto a table. Sophia and Francis ran after it. Francis bumped a VCR, causing a small television to come alive. Sophia skidded to a stop and looked at it curiously. As Francis caught and killed the rat on the floor, she twisted a knob on the VCR, eliminating the fuzziness some. \"…funding for a year.\" An elderly voice said as a scene of a laboratory appeared on the television screen. The date in the upper right corner said Jan 24th,1980. \"This lab is my dream. Pharmarox has spared no expense. My assistants are Zeibold and Grey.\" Two young men appeared on the screen, both wearing doctor smocks and facial masks, and latex gloves. One had white skin and red hair, while the other had darker skin and black hair. The red-head was adjusting some knobs on a machine, while the darker-skinned man held a test tube of butter-colored, steaming solution. An elderly man in a lab coat set a dark-gray cat on a table and petted its back, seemingly calming it. \"I know that my tissue bonding adhesive will revolutionize medical science.\" The elderly man rolled the cat onto its side and pinned it to the table with metal rings, similar to large handcuffs. As it struggled and screeched, the red-head took out a scalpel and made a small incision in the back of the cat's head. The black man took out some of the solution with a dropper and put a drop on the wound on the cat's head. It immediately began bubbling, making the wound bigger, and the cat writhed in pain before slowly dying. \"The first experiment has failed,\" The elderly man said. \"Instead of bonding the edges of the wound together, the mixture edged its way through the skull and into the brain. I can only conclude that the solution needs to be diluted further.\" The man drank from an alcoholic bottle, sighing. The video cut forward to Apr 25th, 1980. Two cats were pinned to the table this time. A patch of fur was removed from the back of one of the cats' head, the skin was sliced, and the mixture was dripped on. Again, the skull was melted away, and the brain exposed. As the cat died, the elderly man drank again, groaning, \"It simply defies logic!\" The video cut to a day later, showing the red-head setting a young, familiar-looking Havana Brown cat on the floor. \"This morning, a strapping young stray found its way to the lab.\" The elderly man said as the cat explored the room very curiously. \"We have decided to make him our mascot.\" The video cut again to the first of May in the same year. \"So many experiments gone wrong,\" The elderly man sighed as the Havana Brown was strapped to the table, like the other cats before him. \"Now we only have our nameless mascot as a test subject.\" The cat's shoulder was sliced, and the solution dripped on. Expecting another failure, the elderly man grabbed his bottle, went to take a sip, and dropped it in shock. \"A miracle! I applied the mixture, and the wound was healed perfectly!\" The man took the groggy cat to a cage, saying proudly, \"This young stray has proven to be an invaluable service to science.\" He shut the door and hung up a wooden sign. \"I have named him Claudandus,\" Sophia and Francis's ears perked up in surprise. \"And he will go down in medical his—\" The video suddenly cut ahead to Jun 19th, 1980. Claudandus was laying on a table, being injected with anesthesia. \"We had to perform a dissection on Claudandus,\" The elderly man sighed. \"Something in his genetic makeup enables him, unlike the other subjects, to absorb the healing mixture without any side effects. He must be a mutant.\" Sophia cringed downward as they drilled into his head and slit his belly open. Francis patted her back as the video, now saying Aug 28th, 1980, showed the elderly man shaking a bottle while drunkenly slurring that their funding had been cut. \"But I am Professor Preterius! A shortage of test subjects? No problem.\" Now it was the eleventh of October, and Zeibold had apparently left the laboratory. Preterius let him leave, saying he would continue on his own. \"Sacrifices must be made!\" Now the twentieth of November, Preterius said that thanks to his breeding program, and Claudandus, he had kittens to experiment on. He banged on Claudandus's cage, shouting about a new super race of cats. The next clip had no date, and showed the front of Claudandus's cage. \"Yes, Claudandus talked to me!\" He giggled, almost sounding drunk. \"How fascinating! The animal…has no sense of humor.\" Out of the shadows of the cage appeared the angry face of Claudandus, now older, and more familiar-looking. The video became to gray and fuzzy to be able to make out anything, though both cats could hear Preterius talking about letting Claudandus out of his cage and accepting a fight challenge. Sophia twisted the knob on the VCR, but the video quality wouldn't change. \"I think that's it,\" Francis said. \"There's no more. And quite frankly…I don't wish to see any more.\" Sophia nodded in agreement, pressing the stop button on the VCR. No wonder the sect worships Claudandus. To have survived those tortures for that long…I couldn't imagine. But why does he look so familiar? Suddenly, the peace was shattered when a familiar yell sounded. Whipping around, Sophia and Francis saw Kong jump down through the window and onto the floor. Crushing the rat Francis had caught and left, he snarled, \"I did say that you and I would have a chat in the not-too-distant future, didn't I?\" \"I would love to have a chat, but I have more important things to do.\" Francis said politely, jumping down to the floor and circling away from Kong. \"Well, you're gonna have to squeeze me in.\" The larger cat said. \"Kong, don't you think we should at least talk about more important things?\" \"Sure, sure,\" He actually nodded. \"I'm listening.\" \"I need your help,\" Sophia drew her head back in surprise, though neither cat noticed. \"To find the crazy who's killing all of our brothers.\" \"You're looking right in his face.\" Kong said. What?! \"You?!\" Francis echoed Sophia's surprise. \"But Kong, why you ?\" \"Why me? Well, like you, they didn't show me respect.\" Sophia glanced at Francis as she shook her head. She didn't like Kong, but she didn't believe that he would kill anyone. \"I agree with Sophia,\" Francis said. \"There's no denying you're a tough guy, but I'm not convinced the blood is on your paws.\" \"Well then, let's see if I can convince you.\" Kong laughed. Behind Sophia and Francis were two snickers. Glancing back, they saw the Hermans standing on a tall stack of books and junk. \"Three against two?\" Francis frowned. \"Is this fair?\" \"Fair? Aw, hell no.\" Even Kong shook his head, though he didn't do anything to call the Hermans off. Dodging the larger cat, Francis and Sophia scurried up another stack of books and through a bookshelf, only to find the window was boarded up. Turning around, they saw they were cornered. \"Leave him to me,\" Kong snarled. \"You two can have the ugly rat.\" Sophia hissed at the three cats, lashing her thin tail. When the twins leapt, she and Francis jumped away as well, slicing both cats as they went. When they landed, before they could move, Kong grabbed Francis by the scruff and began shaking him about. Growling, Sophia leapt onto Kong's back and sunk her claws and teeth into the large hump. Let go of my friend, you big ugly brute! While Kong was distracted, Francis sliced Kong's lip, making him drop the smaller tom and yell in pain. As he leapt away, Sophia jumped down as well and ran, though not before kicking some dust in his face. \"You ugly bitch!\" Kong screamed. \"Get back here!\" Francis and Sophia managed to leap out of the window and take off, even though it was raining heavily. They ran out of the yard, only to find Kong and the Hermans climbing over the fence after them. They ran through yards and over small buildings, even falling into a fountain once. As they slowed to a stop, panting, Sophia could smell something. Something that smelled like copper and death. And it was right under their feet. Francis gasped in horror at what he saw, and muttered, \"Oh no! Not this!\" Sophia looked as well; at the cats' feet was a dead she-cat laying on her side, eyes wide open. Only this time, it was worse: her belly had been sliced open, and several underdeveloped kittens laid by her in the grass and blood. A loud, horrified scream sounded into the stormy night. A/N With this story, I have to watch the Felidae movie (which is on YouTube, luckily) to get English dialogue and see what certain characters are doing and where they are. The only script I've found is the German-to-English dialogue translation, with no actions described (like \"Francis jumps onto stack of books\" for example) But since I enjoy the movie, I don't mind having to watch it. Another good thing is the movie's divided into ten-twenty parts, making it easier to find a certain spot. I never really noticed the video had a date in the corner until I watched that part of the movie for this chapter. That video took place in almost the whole year of 1980, and was probably several years prior. So Felidae more than likely takes place in the 1990s-late 90s, which is just over twenty years shy of present day. I always like knowing time-periods of movies/books, and always find it interesting and kinda funny when movies take place in the present, especially the same year they were published. During the film, I always cringed when the cat's head was drilled into X( No wonder he was so angry at the end of the tape. Now we've found one of the most infamous Felidae deaths just after Felicity's: a mother cat and her unborn kittens.[Chapter 8] A/N I don't own this story or characters; I only own Sophia. Mirage1234: Thanks :) I didn't really recognize him until the end of the movie either. That's what I figured. I know there's the whole movie in one take on YouTube, but when I'm trying to watch a certain part, I prefer the different parts; I meant to say the parts were divided into ten-twenty minute parts, eight in all, but I somehow left out the word \"minutes.\" It took several minutes for Sophia to realize the scream was coming from her own throat. She blindly turned and ran out of the yard, deaf to Francis calling after her. Between the general murders, Felicity dying, and the mother cat and her kittens losing their lives, she felt like she was going insane. She just wanted it to end. I should have left when I found that first dead cat. I should have never come here in the first place. She slowed to a stop, panting heavily. When she looked up, her ears tilted downwards when she realized she was standing in an intersection. She looked over her shoulder to see the headlights of a car approaching her. She stood frozen in fear, and almost on purpose. Anything to end this nightmare. Suddenly, something grabbed her by the scruff and dragged her back across the road, narrowly missing the car. She was dropped, and rolled a few times off of the sidewalk and into the grass. \"What the hell were ya doin?!\" An angry voice shouted. Sophia blinked in surprise upon seeing that her angry savior was Bluebeard. \"Were you tryin' to kill yourself?!\" Sophia remained crouched in the grass, shaking in remaining fear of the newest victim. \"…Murder…murder…\" She muttered, forgetting that she was meant to \"be seen but not heard.\" Bluebeard's ears perked up in surprise. \"You're talkin'? Wait, 'murder'? There was another one?\" \"…Slit belly…kits…innocent kits…blood…so much blood…\" \"Sophia, snap out of it!\" Bluebeard exclaimed, pushing her shoulders with his paws so she was sitting. \"What happened?\" Shaking out of her spell, Sophia explained, \"I visited Francis, and we saw a video detailing a can opener, named Preterius's experiments on cats, including Claudandus.\" \"So Claudandus is real.\" \"Indeed. And it is no wonder that the sect worships him. He went through so many tortures…\" It was weird for Sophia to hear her own voice again. It sounded scratchy and dull from not being used for years, and her throat ached from her scream. \"Kong and the Hermans came in and chased us out. In the garden…there was a dead female cat. But it was worse than the last ones. Even Felicity's death.\" \"How so?\" She sniffled, wiping the still-fresh tearstains from her cheeks with her paw. \"This female…she was with kits…her belly was slit open, and the kits…they laid in the grass. They weren't ready to be born….they were far from ready.\" She collapsed on her front and covered her eyes with her paws. \"What did they do to deserve this cruel fate?\" She sobbed, the picture of the dead female cat and her kittens flashing in her mind. \"Now it's kits?! Ones that didn't need to die?!\" Bluebeard snarled. \"You're right, those kits didn't need to die.\" He looked down at Sophia, who was still crying. Other than her nightly-whimpers, Bluebeard had never heard her voice before. Even though he had known her for a month, it was better now that he heard it. But there were more pressing issues. There was another murder, and now kits were killed as well. Bluebeard didn't think much of kits, but that didn't mean they needed to be killed. Especially ones that weren't even ready to be born. Suddenly, someone began wailing, \"Solitaire! My poor little Solitaire!\" Sophia sat up, ears perked in surprise. \"That's Kong yelling!\" \"So, it was Solitaire, huh?\" Bluebeard said, starting to walk in the direction of the yells. \"No wonder he's pissed.\" \"Who was she?\" Sophia asked, following him. \"One of his favorite girls. So the kits must have been his.\" Sophia wrinkled her nose, trying to imagine Kong having feelings for a female. Wait, he doesn't. He's just a perverted jerk who has a brothel. Soon, the two cats found the garden where Solitaire laid dead. Kong and the Hermans were gone, as well as Francis. Sophia stayed away from the bodies as Bluebeard looked them over. \"Yep, this is Solitaire.\" Sophia sat nearby, thinking out loud, \"Bluebeard…I don't think these are Kong's kits.\" \"What make you say that?\" Bluebeard asked. \"They just don't look like him—\" \"They don't even have separate toes. You can't say they're not his just because they don't look like him.\" \"I'm just trying to understand why the murderer would kill kits. What would they have to gain—\" A frightened yell suddenly sounded, and faded away and seemed to echo, as though they were falling down a hole. \"Francis?!\" Sophia jumped over the wall and ran towards where she heard the noise, finding a hole in a brick wall. She looked down the hole and sniffed. She could smell Francis's scent, and an older, sicklier scent of another tom. Who lives down here? She gasped when she felt Bluebeard crash into her from behind, causing both of them to somersault down the tunnel. Sophia fell flat on her front in front of black and white paws, and Bluebeard laid halfway down her back. \"Sophia!\" Francis exclaimed. \"I was wondering where you had gotten to. And you as well, Bluebeard.\" The one-eyed Manx pushed himself up, grumbling, \"I'm gettin' too old for slides.\" He nudged Sophia to her feet as well. \"Not so loud!\" Francis shushed before turning around and walking deeper into the tunnel. \"'Not so loud?' What difference does it make?\" Bluebeard asked as he and Sophia followed the black and white tom. \"Kong's wailing like a banshee already. I found Sophia, saw poor Solitaire, and we followed you down here. But where are we now?\" \"No idea.\" Francis shrugged. Bluebeard glanced at Sophia, who had been silent during the whole exchange. \"Why so quiet?\" He whispered. \"I guess I'm still in the process of speaking again.\" She whispered back. I haven't talked for so long, it feels so strange. Francis gasped, pausing. Sophia and Bluebeard looked as well, and saw bare cat skeletons on the walls, and skulls in the ceiling. \"Catacombs.\" \"If that's a joke,\" Bluebeard snorted. \"Shh.\" Sophia shushed, smiling. Francis simply rolled his eyes at the two cats and continued towards a light. They came into a large room with a pedestal in the middle, and moonlight shining down through a small hole in the ceiling. All around the walls were hundreds upon hundreds of cat bodies, each in different stages of decay. Some of them were even dried, bleached-white skeletons. \"Get an eyeful of that !\" Bluebeard exclaimed. \"A mass grave! Whatta ya make of it?\" Francis sniffed at the air and wrinkled his nose. \"You smell that?\" Bluebeard and Sophia sniffed as well. \"Yeah,\" He curled his lip as Sophia pawed at her nose. \"Disgusting!\" \"The stench of decay. Kong was right, the old cat is the killer.\" \"But no sign of Sascha down here,\" Bluebeard pointed out. \"Or Deep Purple. Or Felicity.\" Francis was staring at what appeared to be a fresh body. It still had its fur and flesh, and it seemed to be almost breathing. Sophia sniffed at it, recognizing the old, sickly scent she smelled at the mouth of the tunnel. Both she and Francis jumped at a noise behind them. Looking back, they saw Bluebeard had accidentally knocked a skeleton to the ground. He looked up at them almost sheepishly, and then suddenly bared his teeth, growling. Looking back ahead, Francis and Sophia came nose-to-nose with the older cat, who was alive and well. Sophia scrambled back with a small shriek of fright. Bluebeard and Francis stood in front of her, arching their backs and hissing. \"Do not attack the guardian of the dead!\" The old cat pleaded, raising his paws up as if to shield himself. \"Although, the guardian has sinned in breaking the holy rule. He knows that he must pay dearly.\" He crouched down in submission. \"Do you always talk like this before you go for someone's throat?!\" Francis snapped, approaching the cat and poking him. \"What's your name, 'friend'?\" Sophia scowled at Francis before sitting in front of the old cat, smiling kindly. Getting a better look, she saw he was a gray Persian with small ears and sad yellow eyes. His tail and left front foreleg were bare, and he looked very thin. \"My name is Jesaja,\" He answered Francis in his sad voice. \"Is all this your doing?\" Bluebeard asked. \"I mean, did you have these cats killed, and then dragged them down here?\" \"Oh, no, stranger.\" Jesaja shook his head. \"It was not me. The dead come down here to me, being sent by the Prophet.\" He walked by the two toms to the skeleton Bluebeard had knocked over. \"A real nutcase, if you ask me.\" Bluebeard whispered to Francis and Sophia. \"Hush!\" Sophia said out loud, surprising Francis, having never heard her uttering a word. \"Let him speak.\" She turned to the older cat. \"Do tell us where you came from, Jesaja. And how this horrible place came to be.\" Jesaja gathered the skull and bones of the skeleton. \"Well, dear sister, there once was a suffering dreamland. I was born there, along with many others. It was a place of great sorrow, until the Prophet came upon us and brought with him salvation.\" He replaced the skeleton as he continued to speak. \"God heard the pleading prayers of the Prophet. And when the day exploded into light, the dreamland was destroyed, and all who were tormented fled away.\" \"What happened to the Prophet?\" Francis asked, snapping from the shock of hearing Sophia speak for the first time since he had known her. \"He was taken into heaven.\" Jesaja answered. \"Father Joker told me this.\" \"Joker?\" Francis, Bluebeard, and Sophia glanced at each other in surprise. \"The leader of the Claudandus sect?\" \"This temple had been his home, even before he rescued me and took me in as his own.\" Jesaja slowly walked to the light-covered pedestal. \"But then one day, Father Joker had to leave to spread the Prophet's message to others.\" \"And did Joker have this grave when he took you in?\" Sophia asked, jumping into the small pit the pedestal stood in. \"No. When Father Joker and I lived here together, it wasn't like how you see it now. But one day, after Father Joker had left me, I heard mysterious, frightening sounds in the tunnel. I went to investigate, and to my horror, I found a dead sister.\" He climbed to the top of the pedestal, bathing in the moonlight. \"And all at once, the Lord spoke to me.\" \"And what did He say?\" Sophia asked politely. She wondered whether the Lord had indeed spoke to him, but she wanted to learn his side of the story, as she was sure Francis did as well. \"He said that I had been chosen to be the guardian of the dead. That I was to keep the lost souls of our brothers and sisters down here, and to never again return to the outside world. But it has all changed. I have not heard the Prophet's voice in so long, nor has he brought the dead down here. I have been…forgotten.\" He sighed. \"So, that's why you surfaced tonight ?\" Francis asked, joining Sophia. \"To find new bodies to take to their final resting places?\" Jesaja simply glanced at Francis and nodded. \"Could you tell me something about the victims? I mean, where they…sexually-excited, when you found them?\" Francis asked. \"That was often the case, my friend.\" He nodded. \"But others…others had been horribly mutated.\" \"And were there any…who were pregnant?\" Sophia asked uneasily. \"Many…oh yes…many.\" Jesaja sniffed. Sophia climbed up the pedestal to join him, and laid a paw on his, ears tilted in sadness and sympathy. \"You are a kind individual, dear sister,\" He said. \"You and our other brother. But I'm afraid it is time for you to leave. I do hope nothing happens to any of you.\" \"And I you, Jesaja.\" Sophia answered. \"I hope that someday, this whole nightmare will end.\" Francis, Bluebeard, and Sophia were soon on the surface and walking along the brick wall. \"That was the first time I ever heard you speak, Sophia.\" Francis remarked. \"What inspired you to begin talking, after being silent for so long?\" \"I guess seeing Solitaire's body and…kits broke the spell my father had over me.\" Sophia shrugged. \"What does your father have anything to do with it?\" \"He was the one who taught me and my siblings to be seen but not heard. He was the cruelest to me, however, because I rebelled numerous times. But even though I am speaking now, I'm afraid I still may not speak much.\" \"That's fine.\" Francis said kindly. \"I'm just happy you found the courage to defy your father.\" Behind them, Bluebeard was daydreaming about cod filets, evidently on an empty stomach. \"Cod?! Can't you think of anything besides food?\" Francis asked, irritated, pausing and causing Bluebeard to bump into him, and Sophia into Bluebeard. \"Can't you realize what this means? It's not seven murders we have to worry about, it's hundreds ! They go back many years, probably starting after the closing of the laboratory.\" He glanced at Sophia, who nodded. The \"suffering dreamland\" Jesaja had been born in and escaped from must have been the laboratory, and the Prophet must have been Claudandus. \"You made an important observation back in the mass grave, Bluebeard.\" Francis said. \"Why weren't the last few bodies down there as well? Sascha, Deep Purple, Solitaire, or…or Felicity?\" \"Maybe because the murderer's like me, and gettin' tired of the whole damn thing! All I want is a hot meal beside a warm fire,\" Bluebeard huffed, plopping on his belly on the wall before sliding off to the side. \"All I want is codfish!\" \"'I'm hungry! I'm tired!'\" Francis mocked. \"'I want cod filets in butter or mayonnaise!\" Sophia laughed at Francis before jumping down to Bluebeard, who was now lying in the grass. \"The only one who would really know about Claudandus is Joker. But why this old preacher who just so happens to run a cult about Claudandus? Didn't you just say it was a cheap, harmless thrill?\" \"Something like that.\" Bluebeard nodded. \"I wouldn't say 'harmless,'\" Sophia shrugged. \"What with all of the cats willingly electrocuting themselves.\" Francis jumped down to join his friends and said, \"Bluebeard, Sophia, I'm beginning to think that this sect has a very specific purpose. That it's preparing us for something special; something we can barely begin to imagine.\" \"Something like a fresh piece of fish?\" Bluebeard grinned. Deadpanning, Sophia smacked the Manx upside the head with a paw. \"What?\" He grumbled. \"Well, I think we've all had a rough night, and the worse is over.\" Francis sighed, stretching. \"I don't know about you two, but I'm retiring for the night.\" \"I think we will too.\" Bluebeard nodded, climbing back up the wall. \"Good night, Francis.\" Sophia said, joining the older cat on the wall. \"Good night, you two. Be safe going home.\" \"You two, smartass.\" A/N As I said before, Sophia wasn't going to stay silent forever. Too bad it was a particularly-nasty murder that made her speak. I was kinda skeptic about making her speak in Jesaja's home, but I decided to go with it. She won't speak very much, as she hasn't spoken out loud in several years. But, like I said, she won't stay so silent anymore. I'm gonna say right now that I'm not gonna write Francis's...encounter with the yellow female cat (I know her name, but I don't remember how to spell, or even pronounce it) If you seen the movie and...that scene, you'll get why. It's just gonna be loosely implied, as if it were cut out of the movie entirely.[Chapter 9] A/N I don't own this story or characters; I only own Sophia. Mirage1234: Thanks :) I'm slowly implying it sparingly, since I don't plan for romance to be a big part of this story. But there's a bit of shipping in this, if you look carefully. Sophia tells a lot about her backstory in this chapter. Interesting. I wonder why she was given such an unusual name. Perhaps it was meant to sound exotic? Just as Sophia and Bluebeard crawled under their makeshift shelter, it began to rain again. \"Damn, someone's havin' a crybaby day up there.\" The Manx huffed, stretching. \"But at least it'll wash away the blood, huh, Toots?\" Sophia was sitting at the mouth of the covered crate, staring out at the rain with solemn eyes. She barely heard Bluebeard speaking to her until he nudged her with a paw, making her jump. \"Hey, I'm talkin' to you!\" \"S-sorry. As I said, I'm not used to speaking.\" She said. \"I haven't spoken for…goodness, for years.\" Cocking his head, Bluebeard sat down next to Sophia, glancing at her. He had to slightly look up because she, like Francis, was slightly taller than him, even when they were both sitting. \"…What happened with your family that made you go mute for almost your whole life?\" \"…My family was somewhat old-fashioned. We were pets of a breeder, so we were like the upper-class cats. Father wanted me and my two siblings to follow the golden rule of being silent unless spoken to. My brothers followed it to a T, but I was unable to. I loved speaking. And I enjoyed teaching myself to read.\" \"Oh, so you can read too?\" She nodded. \"My father hated that not only I could read, but especially that I refused to be silent. He would smack me around, and then shut me in a small, dark room until the next day. If I even said a word, it would happen again. Eventually, I learned to be silent…I never uttered another word until tonight.\" \"Didn't your other family help you?\" \"No. Mother seemed to acknowledge that I was unhappy without my voice, but she never spoke against Father. My brothers wouldn't help me if you paid them. I imagine they didn't want to get in trouble over me. Our grandfather didn't know much about what was going on.\" \"Your dad didn't expect you to stay silent forever, did he?\" \"When we were adopted out, he let us speak…well, I remained silent, but he seemed almost happy that I didn't speak. He just had a smug expression. While the can openers were looking over my brothers, I ran out on the streets. I was tired of being a pet, and decided to live on my own. Ever since then, I've been a wild cat.\" \"What about that collar?\" \"Well, I was once caught and given a name and collar. But I left after a while. I just kept the collar because I became used to it. It gave me my name as well.\" \"I never knew you disliked bein' a pet too.\" Bluebeard remarked. \"Me being very negative against a can opener finding me when we first met didn't give you a hint?\" Sophia smirked, raising an eyebrow. \"Eh, I never really gave it another thought.\" Bluebeard shrugged. \"At any rate, as I said before, I may not speak very much. Especially to cats other than you or Francis, or perhaps even Jesaja if we run into him again.\" \"So the smartass and I are special, huh?\" \"Of course. You're both my dearest and closest friends.\" She smiled at the older Manx, but then turned back to the rain and sighed. \"I'm afraid that one of us will get hurt, or worse, you or Francis. I just hope the murderer is stopped before anyone else dies. If you or Francis were killed…why, I would stop speaking altogether.\" \"Seriously? You barely started talkin', you said you enjoyed it when you were a little squirt, and you'd give it up like that?\" \"Certainly. Since I've been silent for so long, it wouldn't matter to me if I stopped speaking again. And as I said, you and Francis are my closest friends.\" She crouched down slightly and nuzzled her head under Bluebeard's chin and against his chest, surprising him. \"I would be so upset if either of you were hurt.\" Bluebeard glanced down at her and from side-to-side, feeling quite awkward. He rarely ever had a female be this affectionate towards him, especially since they are usually put off by his gouged-out eye and scrawny left paw. Plus, he wasn't the most polite or gentleman-like cat on the block. That cat was Francis. But Sophia seemed to look past this, as Francis had. Bluebeard indeed considered the black and white cat a good friend, even deeming the term \"smartass\" as an affectionate nickname, as \"toots\" had been for Sophia. But he never thought she would hint that she thought of the Manx as more than a friend. Sensing Bluebeard's frozen state, Sophia sat up straight, looking embarrassed. \"Sorry.\" She muttered, walking to and curling up on the pillow. She laid her head on her paws, shutting her eyes and feigning sleep. She didn't know what came over her, snuggling up to Bluebeard as though he were her mate. Get your mind out of the gutter, Sophia. He said so himself that he had been with several females. So why would he show interest in you? Why are you even thinking of him as more than a friend? She felt the pillow shift as Bluebeard climbed on as well. To her surprise, he curled around her and laid his head next to hers. \"'Night, Toots.\" He whispered, licking her cheek before falling asleep. Sophia smiled softly, gently nuzzling his snout as she drifted into dreamland as well. She had pleasant dreams that night. The next morning, Sophia slowly awoke from her slumbers, though she didn't open her eyes. She could feel and smell Bluebeard still sleeping close to her. Sighing happily, she snuggled tighter against him. Suddenly, she felt Bluebeard stand to his feet in a flash, hissing and growling. Quickly opening her eyes and looking up, she saw the golden cat she had met the previous evening standing in the doorway of the crate. \"What the hell do you want?!\" Bluebeard snarled, moving aside so he stood over Sophia, who was still lying on the pillow. \"Be still, stranger,\" The golden cat said in his soft, old-age-sounding voice. \"I mean you and your friend no harm.\" He glanced at Sophia with a soft smile. Sophia crawled out from under Bluebeard and sat down, frowning at the golden cat. \"I'm afraid I still must remain unnamed for the time being.\" He said, glancing from her to Bluebeard, who still glared at him. \"But I stand by my warning to your furless friend: cease this useless attempt at finding the murderer.\" \"Too bad, jackass,\" Bluebeard huffed. \"Our friend is already too deep into it to quit. And he's a clever smartass who won't fall for any of your tricks.\" \"We shall see.\" The golden cat sniffed. \"What do you mean?\" \"All I can say is your friend won't be harmed. He is, as you implied, too clever to be killed.\" He trotted away without another word. Bluebeard looked over at Sophia with a raised eyebrow. \"You've met him before?\" \"Last night before I went to Francis's house,\" Sophia nodded. \"He told me to stop finding the murderer before something happened. He claimed he wished to ensure no more innocent lives or taken…or not so innocent, as he called them. He also says he isn't the murderer.\" Bluebeard shook his head, muttering about weird cats. \"Who was he?\" Sophia asked. \"I don't know him, but I know the breed, though not exactly the name. They've popped up in the last several years. But I doubt they're manmade, because even the can openers are surprised at their existence.\" \"Because they came out of nowhere?\" \"That, and because they're not like you and I.\" Bluebeard continued, stretching and walking out into the sun. He and Sophia approached a large trashcan with a missing lid. As he knocked it over and pulled out a large, thrown-away hamburger, he explained, \"They're wild, Toots. I might hiss and spit at Francis's can opener, but these new faces take it to another level. I've heard rumors about them attacking cats that have been here long enough. Not to mention they're weird lookin'.\" Sophia nodded in agreement as she shared the hamburger with her Manx friend. In late afternoon, Sophia and Bluebeard jumped onto the bathroom window of Francis's house, finding him asleep in the empty tub. A strong stench came from him, though it wasn't because of a skunk. Sophia shook her head with disgust as Bluebeard chuckled, wrinkling his nose, \"Whew! What a stink! Smells like you've had some action.\" Francis slowly opened his eyes with a sleepy moan. He stretched his arms and sighed, \"I guess so. I hope you or Sophia know her, because I think she might help in solving the case.\" \"'Case'?\" Bluebeard blinked in surprise. \"Are you kiddin' me? Judging by the smell, the case wasn't what you were thinking about earlier today.\" He jumped into the bathroom, followed by Sophia. \"I have to agree with Bluebeard, Francis.\" Sophia smiled, sitting on the edge of the tub. \"I highly doubt that the mystery was the first thing on your mind today. It was probably the last, if it were on your mind at all, judging by how tired you are.\" Francis climbed onto the sink and yawned widely. \"Holy cow,\" He muttered before saying, \"Yeah, your right, my friends. I was distracted. But that's past, let's get to work. First thing's first: where can I find Joker?\" \"He's probably at home, rehearsing his next Bible class.\" Bluebeard said. \"Where does he live?\" \"A couple of blocks from here. His can opener has a shop for china, porcelain, and hand-blown glass.\" \"Why do you need to speak with Joker?\" Sophia asked, scratching behind her ear with a foot. \"Well, first I want to talk to Pascal again,\" Francis said, still looking sleepy-eyed. \"Meanwhile, I want you and Bluebeard to go get Joker, and tell him I want to talk to him about the murders.\" Sophia and Bluebeard's ears perked up. \"You really think Joker's the one doin' all this?\" The Manx asked in surprise. \"Don't forget what Jesaja told us,\" Francis said. \"Joker is deep, and I mean very deep in this. But the main question is whether I can really pin it on him or not. Oh, before I forget, that distraction I was talking about? It was a young lady I met this morning. She was of a breed I never came across before. Sandy fur, blazing yellow eyes,\" \"Ah, I know that kind.\" Bluebeard said. \"We had a sort of run-in with a tom like that this morning,\" Sophia nodded. He too had sandy fur and yellow eyes. He looked quite wild and unfamiliar in terms of breeding. I had also met him briefly last night before arriving at your house.\" \"So, are there others like them?\" Francis asked. \"You bet your ass there are.\" Bluebeard nodded, jumping back onto the windowsill. \"They're all over the place lately. But, like I told Sophia earlier today, the can openers are as confused about their origins as the rest of us are.\" \"What do you mean?\" Francis cocked his head. \"They're not manmade.\" Sophia explained, joining the one-eyed Manx. \"And I think because of that, they seem to be moving backwards on the evolution change. Bluebeard said they're not quite like us: they're not like domestic cats, and because of that, are wilder.\" \"Like predators?\" Francis asked. \"Exactly.\" Bluebeard nodded. A/N As I said before, a good chunk of this chapter is Sophia talking about her past. It's about the same as the prologue, but probably has a bit more light shed on it. In case it wasn't quite obvious before (then again, I really didn't make it known) Sophia has a bit of a crush on Bluebeard. Probably because he's the first cat she met in the neighborhood. I'm not quite sure how he would react to Sophia liking him in that way, but I figured he wouldn't expect it. Sophia's kinda embarrassed about it, so she probably won't show as much affection as she did later. But I'm still figuring out the ending of the story (I really want Sophia to be a part of the ending, but I don't exactly want her \"stealing\" the role from Francis; that's why I have the poll for the ending up, so people can help a bit with choosing an ending. But despite that, I have a good idea about what kind I want) Like I said before, romance isn't gonna be a huge part of the story, but now that I think about it, I might put some in. Just not as much as quite a few of my other stories. I don't really have a name for the male golden cat (he's the same breed as Nhozemphtekh, the female Francis met [geez, that name]) I just kinda made him up on a whim to make the story more interesting. He might pop up again in the after-movie writing. There are a few names on the Felidae Wiki that I can choose from; or if you'd like, one of you readers can suggest a name for him. Just try not to make it TOO hard to pronounce? XD[Chapter 10] A/N I don't own this story or characters; I only own Sophia. Mirage1234: Thanks :) I won't focus too much on their romance, maybe one or two moments. Like I said, it sounds exotic. I guess it makes sense that it may be of African origin, seeing as the cats are modeled off of an Egyptian picture of a cat, and Egypt is in Africa. I just might name him that later, because I plan on incorporating him more into the story than just one or two cameos. As Francis, Bluebeard, and Sophia left the house, it began to snow. Sophia glanced up, twitching her nose as a snowflake landed on her nose. I hope it doesn't snow too much. I don't care too much for the cold. At the staircase, Francis glanced at Sophia and said, \"Erm, Sophia? Perhaps you should come with me. We'll be inside where it's warmer.\" Sophia shivered slightly, turning to Bluebeard. \"Go ahead, Toots. I'll be fine on my own.\" He said. Nodding, Sophia followed after Francis as they made their way to Pascal's house. He pawed at the door while she looked around for another way in. She climbed under the porch fence and found a cat door. \"Francis?\" She said, nodding at the cat door. \"Good thinking.\" Francis smiled, following her inside. They found Pascal sitting in a velvet chair. \"Francis and Sophia. Welcome.\" He nodded. \"I heard about poor Solitaire. Such a shame she, and her young, had to go.\" Sophia's ears tilted, remembering the horrific scene. \"We came here to talk with you about the murders, Pascal.\" Francis said, sitting on a short bookshelf. \"We've gathered quite a few clues in the past day.\" \"Start from the beginning.\" \"Well, Sophia and I found a tape in the basement of our house. It was of a laboratory in the early eighties, manned by a scientist by the name of Preterius. He experimented horribly on several cats, eventually coming across Claudandus, who was able to take a healing solution he invented. But he continued to experiment on Claudandus, and used him to breed other test subjects. I think he eventually perished from all the torture, and the other cats escaped. \"After that, we found Solitaire, as well as a fragile old cat named Jasaja, who claimed to be the Guardian of the Dead in a deep cavern, filled with cat bodies. He said he was born in a 'suffering dreamland,' which I think was the laboratory. Father Joker of the Claudandus Sect originally took him down into the catacombs, and was the original one who told him about Claudandus. When the murders started, he was instructed by, what he thinks is the voice of Claudandus, to take the dead down into the catacombs. I think the murderer was using him to hide the bodies.\" Pascal sighed and smiled, \"Congratulations, my boy. I've lived in this neighborhood for years, yet I haven't recorded a fraction of the information you and Sophia have found out in the short time you were here. My compliments.\" \"Have you saved data on the brothers and sisters who suddenly, for whatever reason, have disappeared?\" Francis asked. \"Certainly.\" Pascal nodded. \"Let's check the list, and see who and how many disappeared without any reason, and when. But I do wonder why the murderer's suddenly began leaving victims outside, rather than having Jesaja take them down into hiding.\" \"Very good point, Francis.\" Pascal agreed, standing and stretching. As he jumped to the floor, he continued, \"Perhaps the murderer is beginning to make mistakes in his work.\" \"I can't really imagine that such a smart individual would make mistakes.\" \"Perhaps he's trying to send a message.\" \"That's what I was thinking.\" \"Good,\" Pascal nodded. \"But what sort of message is he trying to send? And to whom?\" \"I can't say to whom, but I think he just wants attention to himself and his work—\" \"But unfortunately, the average intelligence of everyone else in this neighborhood is too low to get the message.\" Sophia scowled at Pascal. Is he saying everyone except himself and Francis is dumb? Because there are some cats who are still intelligent. \"Well, then, what about a certain special brother or sister? Maybe he wants to catch their eye for one reason or another.\" \"Very good. Because for the first time, you're thinking of this as a mission. Don't you understand?\" Pascal asked, jumping back into his chair. \"He wants his motives to be known. He's as complicated as a puzzle-no, the killer is the puzzle. And he wants someone…to solve it.\" Humming in thought, Sophia glanced at Francis with a knowing eye. Nodding, he said, \"Joker. He must be our key suspect.\" \"Perhaps.\" Pascal agreed. \"Let's say he witnessed the drama and carnage in Preterius's laboratory, and saw his chance to create a martyr religion around Claudandus's suffering.\" \"Sure.\" Francis nodded. \"I forgot to mention, but I met a peculiar young lady today. She wasn't quite like other cats. And Bluebeard mentioned he and Sophia ran into a male, like her, a couple of times in the past day.\" \"Results of Preterius's genetic engineering?\" \"Why not?\" Francis shrugged. \"I'm not so sure. I'm afraid you're forgetting evolution, and the idea that a new breed could show up on its own over time.\" \"You mean natural selection?\" Francis asked. \"So, our new friends, and others like them, are the products of natural selection? I admit, that does sound more logical.\" \"Indeed.\" Pascal agreed. \"You are quite an intelligent creature, my boy.\" \"Well, I couldn't have done it without Bluebeard and Sophia. Despite Sophia's silence, she's proven to be an enormous help to the case.\" Francis smiled, patting her paw with his own. Sophia glanced away, smiling humbly. \"It is said the silent ones are the most intelligent ones,\" Pascal said wisely. \"And I believe you, my dear, are one of them.\" \"You clowns m-minds if I b-b-butt in?\" Bluebeard stepped into the room, shivering and covered in snow. As he shook himself off, Francis asked, \"Where's Joker?\" \"He's gone. V-v-vamoosed.\" \"You mean he's disappeared?\" Francis blinked in surprise. Sophia sat close to Bluebeard and began licking the melted snow off of his fur. \"Th-that's what I said, man.\" He nodded, still shivering. \"Perhaps you'd like a snack before you continue?\" Pascal suggested, causing Sophia to raise her eyebrow in confusion at him. \"My owner, Zeibold, has some fresh liver in my dish in the kitchen.\" Bluebeard's eye lit up. \"I love fresh liver!\" \"Get to the point!\" Francis snapped. Shaking his head, Bluebeard explained, \"I looked around the house Joker lives in. It's a nightmare! But I looked from bottom to top, with no sign of him anywhere.\" Sophia and Francis exchanged surprised glances. \"That must mean Joker's been murder—\" \"No,\" Pascal suddenly interrupted. \"He's just vanished. He knew you were closing in on him.\" \"I'm sorry, but I disagree. It couldn't be that simple—\" \"Hold on, hold on,\" Pascal held up a paw. \"First thing tomorrow, we'll check the list, and see how many possible survivors of the Preterius laboratory there are. \"Better watch your tail a bit more carefully, Smartass.\" Bluebeard remarked as the three cat's left Pascal's house. \"And you too, Toots.\" \"Otherwise?\" She asked. \"You'll get hurt, plain and simple.\" \"What do you mean by that?\" Francis asked. \"Ain't it obvious? With you makin' like Sherlock Holmes, the killer's bound to be pissed that you're figuring out his schemes. He might try to do something about you.\" Sophia nodded in agreement. \"He's right. We know too much. Just like…just like Felicity did.\" \"And Pascal.\" Francis added. \"He knows more than you or me.\" \"Well, I don't think you'll have to worry about that old rascal.\" Bluebeard said. \"If what you've uncovered is true, then only the ones who have balls are the ones being taken out. And he was neutered a long time ago. Besides…he's not gonna be around much longer.\" He sighed with a surprisingly somber expression. \"Why's that?\" Sophia asked. \"He's got stomach cancer. It just got around the neighborhood recently. The vet's given him at least six months to live.\" He turned and left Francis sitting in the snow, deep in his thoughts. Sophia bounded after Bluebeard, scoffing, \"Why is it when someone is sick, they are always given six months to live?\" \"Heck if I know. I ain't a doctor.\" \"But either way…I feel sorry for Pascal. He seems like such a kind sort.\" \"Well, that's another health-related cliché: the nice ones get sick and die; the bastards live long, healthy lives.\" \"I guess you're gonna be around longer.\" Sophia chuckled. \"I gue—hey!\" The Sphinx laughed, running away when Bluebeard swiped snow in her direction. \"Stop it! I don't have fur! I'll freeze!\" She paused to kick snow at the Manx before taking off. Suddenly, something large landed on her, sending them tumbling. She lay back in the snow, laughing when she saw it was Bluebeard sitting on her. \"You need to be put in your place.\" He smirked, trying to look menacing and failing. \"Oh, do I?\" She smiled back, nuzzling his snout. \"But tomorrow perhaps? I really am cold, and I want to go home.\" \"All right, I'll let you off easy this one time.\" Bluebeard climbed off of Sophia, and nudged her to her feet, before the two walked for home. A/N With Halloween nearing, I've been a bit busy trying to figure things out for my costume, as well as working on another costume that's just a project. I was gonna have Sophia go with Bluebeard, but I figured it would be better that she interacted with other characters. I couldn't resist adding an extra moment between Sophia and Bluebeard in the end.[Chapter 11] A/N I don't own this story or characters; I only own Sophia. Mirage1234: Thanks :) Yeah, it was kinda boring, especially since I didn't write Bluebeard's POV when he was going through Joker's house. But I DID try to spice it up a bit, especially with Sophia's part of the story. The next morning, Sophia was walking around the neighborhood, keeping an eye out for the killer. She was especially cautious because of the comment Bluebeard made the previous night. Now that she knew the killer had no qualms with killing any gender or age of cat, everyone, including herself, had to stay on their toes. As she trotted along the sidewalk, she heard rustling in the grass. Freezing, she sniffed at the air. The scent was cat, and was very vaguely familiar. Scowling, she slowly walked down the sidewalk, listening carefully. The rustling seemed to be following her. Whipping around quickly, Sophia leapt into the bushes, tackling another animal. After they tumbled away a foot or two, and they landed to where she was pinning him down, she realized it was the sandy-colored cat she had met twice before. \"So, you found me.\" He said. \"Of course, you probably heard me behind you.\" Sophia simply scowled down at him. \"Who the hell are you?!\" \"Ah, so you do speak. Let me up, and I will tell you.\" Sophia tentatively backed off of the cat, still glaring at him. \"Now then, my name is Chrochoch.\" \"And what exactly are you, Chrochoch?\" \"A new breed of feline…yet old. Old and new.\" \"What on earth does that mean?\" \"You're a smart female, Sophia. You figure it out on your own.\" \"How do you know who I am?\" \"That, I cannot tell you.\" \"Are you here to try and discourage me and my friends from finding the murderer? Because we are nearly there.\" \"I suppose you are still insistent on finding the murderer. I applaud you and your friends for your perseverance and determination. You and your friends are quite intelligent.\" \"I've heard that before.\" She scoffed. \"And don't try to butter me up with flattery. You've still been obscure enough that I suspected you of—\" \"Being the murderer? I'm afraid you have the wrong cat, my dear.\" Chrochoch smiled. \"Of course, with your intelligence, you shouldn't have trouble finding the actual murderer.\" \"I can't solve the mystery on my own. Francis is the one who is closer to finding the murderer anyway. Especially with the few clues your friend left him.\" \"My frien—oh! Nhozemphtekh, you mean?\" \"…I don't know. She didn't tell Francis her name.\" \"She mentioned meeting him in his garden.\" \"Bluebeard also told me about your kind.\" Sophia curled her lip. \"Especially that you are much more wild than us.\" \"Is that bad?\" Chrochoch raised an eyebrow. \"Only the fact that I fear you, or your mastermind, may try and choke us domestic cats out of the neighborhood, if not out of existence entirely.\" \"You don't trust me?\" Chrochoch purred, beginning to circle around Sophia. \"Not in the slightest.\" She sniffed. \"I wouldn't trust you, or any of your kind, if you were the last cats on earth. Thank heavens you aren't.\" \"You don't even find me a bit…attractive?\" \"There's a slight appeal to your appearance, I'll give you that. But being that I and my breed aren't the most glorious cats, I've learned to look past appearances, and look more into a person's personality.\" \"Your one-eyed friend has a certainly… interesting personality.\" \"He may not be the most polite or sensitive sort, but his heart is in the right place.\" Sophia turned away, flicking up her tail. \"If you'll excuse me, I must return to my walk.\" \"…Good luck, Sophia.\" That evening, Pascal and Francis gathered almost every cat in the neighborhood to the second floor of the latter's house for a meeting. Joker was still missing, so he didn't come. Pascal and Francis sat on the electricity-creating machine, which had been turned off, while Bluebeard and Sophia sat on the box nearby. \"My friends,\" Pascal said to the huge crowd. \"We thank you that so many of you were able to attend this meeting.\" \"You better have a good reason for this, gramps!\" Kong snapped from the back of the room. \"Otherwise, someone's gonna pay dearly for making me miss my favorite TV show!\" Several cats, including the Hermans, laughed. Sophia hissed loudly, making everyone freeze. \"Kong, you pea-brained, idiotic rhinoceros!\" Francis scowled. \"Don't you care that we're trying to find the one who murdered Solitaire?! Who you say you 'loved'?\" Ouch. That's quite a burn. Shaking with anger, Kong growled, \"I'll catch the bastard sooner or later anyway!\" \"You won't catch anyone!\" Francis countered. \"Do you really think he'll someday find you and beg for your forgiveness?\" \"I was just joking.\" Kong mumbled. \"I don't care. What I do care about is that the killer doesn't have the same sense of humor as you or I.\" Pascal took over, \"Francis and I looked over the computer data, and have discovered something: the murderer hasn't claimed seven lives…but rather four hundred and fifty!\" Everyone in the room gasped in horror. Even Sophia, who hadn't been around when they made the discovery, shuddered. Four hundred and fifty dead souls?! No wonder Jesaja's home is basically decorated with bones and corpses! \"These murders—these murders!\" Pascal shouted briefly, silencing the crowd. \"They are more than likely connected to the ghastly secrets of the criminal Preterius's laboratory long ago. Horrible experiments were conducted on many of you, though you may not remember it.\" Looking around, Sophia noticed a lot of the chattering cats had some sorts of disfigurements or scars. Looking to her left, she noticed Bluebeard examining his mangled paw with a thoughtful expression. She patted his right paw with her own left paw, smiling sympathetically. \"Quiet!\" Kong yelled, silencing the crowd. \"Haven't any of you wondered exactly why a lot of us crawl or hobble around the neighborhood like wrecks?! So, be quiet, and let him continue! Perhaps he can present us with the murderer.\" \"No, I'm afraid I haven't drawn that conclusion yet.\" Francis shook his head. \"But I may be able to reveal some truth.\" He glanced among the crowd, continuing, \"I know a great many of you, fellow brothers and sisters, pay homage to the passed Claudandus, who suffered the worst torment in Prof. Preterius's labo—\" \"He didn't die.\" A small voice said. Everyone in the crowd turned to a small, light-gray female cat with pretty light-green eyes. \"And why do you think that?\" Francis asked. \"Great-Grandfather told me so.\" The young cat said. \"And who is your great-grandfather?\" \"Father Joker.\" She answered. Francis's ears perked up curiously. Sophia glanced at Bluebeard in surprise, who shrugged. \"Tell us more, please.\" Francis said. \"He told me that Claudandus escaped and challenged the monster to a fight, and won, killing him.\" The small cat continued. After a brief pause, Francis said, \"My friends, the only one who could tell us what Claudandus looked like, and could lead us to him, is Joker. But Joker is dead—\" \"Gone!\" Pascal interrupted with a surprisingly harsh expression. He turned to the confused crowd and continued, \"If you ask me, Joker has assumed the identity of the prophet. Claudandus is dead. No one could have survived such torture, I assure you. But Joker lives, and has run. Thanks to brother Francis, his sinister plans have been foiled!\" Sophia scowled at Pascal. Not because he gave sole credit to Francis; she no longer cared about that. It was because he had been so quick to blame Joker on the deaths that it made her suspicious. Especially with the story the young cat had told them. If she knew anything about children, they believed anything their family told them. After all, why would Joker lie to his great-granddaughter? Unless what he told her was the truth. In that case, we really need to find Joker and get this mess straightened out. Shaking his head, Francis leapt off of the generator and left the room, followed by Bluebeard and Sophia. \"Bluebeard,\" He whispered as the other cats passed them by. \"I want to go to Joker's house. I know you already searched it, but I feel that Joker couldn't truly have left. Something happened to him.\" Sighing bitterly, Bluebeard said, \"All right, I'll take you there later.\" \"I already told you two I searched the place, bottom to top.\" He later said when he, Francis, and Sophia arrived at Joker's house. \"Exactly!\" Francis said. \"You were always looking up. You couldn't see the top of the shelves.\" \"Too lazy to climb, Bluebeard?\" Sophia chuckled. He simply rolled his eyes with a grunt, leading them to the doorway he had used to previously enter the house. But now it was boarded and nailed shut. Pawing at the boards, Bluebeard asked, \"What now?\" Looking around, Francis spotted a tall tree, with strong branches near the roof of the house. \"Well, I guess we'll have to do this the hard way.\" He sighed, approaching the tree. \"Shall I climb instead?\" Sophia asked. \"I think without my fur, I'm a bit lighter in weight. Besides, I've climbed trees numerous times in my life.\" \"If you'd like.\" Francis shrugged. \"Just don't fall.\" Bluebeard said. \"I'll try not to.\" She smiled. Taking a deep breath, she began climbing up the tree, digging her long claws into the bark. She gasped when her paw slipped. Down below, Francis and Bluebeard gasped as well. The Manx groaned worriedly while the black and white tom watched the Sphinx closely, ready to pounce and cushion her fall in case she slipped and fell. She soon made it to the thickest branch that also lead to the roof of the house. She hugged the branch and inched along it like a caterpillar. Unfortunately, the snow made it slippery, and she screamed as she slipped off, barely managing to grab the branch with her front claws. \"Soph!\" Bluebeard exclaimed, jumping to his feet. Francis held a paw in front of him and yelled, \"Are you all right?\" \"Piece of cake!\" She scoffed, climbing back onto the branch. \"I'm all right!\" Under her breath, she mumbled worriedly, \"Oh, I'm gonna die.\" As soon as she was sure she was secure, she glanced at the ground, gulping nervously when she saw how small Bluebeard and Francis were on the ground. Taking a deep breath, she ran along the branch and leapt onto the roof, sighing heavily with relief when she sank into the cold snow. She found a window that looked inside, covered with frost. Wiping it away with her paw, she peered inside, finding a room full of china and statues of cats. Among them on the top shelf, curled up, was Joker. From what she could tell, his throat had been slit, and his blood coated his chest and forearms, and dripped on the shelves and pottery around him. \"Well?!\" Francis called from down below. \"What do you see?\" Sophia turned around and poked her head out from above the roof to see Francis and Bluebeard. \"You were right, Francis. Joker was murdered. But this one was different: he allowed it.\" \"You mean he was executed?\" Bluebeard asked. \"But why would Joker have allowed himself to be killed?\" Sophia wondered out loud, climbing back onto the branch. \"What secret did he have to keep and take to the grave?\" \"Claudandus!\" Francis exclaimed. \"His great-granddaughter was right: Claudandus is still alive!\" \"How're you gonna get back down, Toots?\" Bluebeard asked Sophia, who was against the trunk of the tree by now. Thinking briefly, she smiled, \"Easy. Easy-peasy.\" She sunk her claws into the bark of the trunk, and began slowly climbing backwards and down the tree. About halfway down, however, her hind feet, which had merely been braced against the tree, slipped. With a scream, she fell all the way down and into the snow. Francis and Bluebeard ran to her. \"Are you okay?\" Francis asked. Sophia poked her head up and shook the snow off. \"Like I said, easy-peasy.\" \"Yeah, 'easy-peasy.'\" Bluebeard scoffed. \"Ya almost gave me a heart attack!\" \"I didn't mean to slip several times.\" She shivered as a breeze blew by as she stood back up. \"Let's go back to my house and regroup.\" Francis suggested. \"We could get warmed up, food, and try to think.\" \"You had me at 'food,' Smartass.\" Bluebeard remarked, following Francis away from the house. \"Surprise, surprise.\" Sophia shook her head with a smile, following the males closely. A/N We're getting close to the ending. I'm still figuring out how to write the ending. Like I said, I want to write Sophia into it, but I don't really want her replacing Francis's part in discovering the villain, since I'm afraid people would find this cliche and mary-sueish. Plus, though I didn't say before, I also want Bluebeard more involved in the final part than he was in the movie. He wasn't even as involved in the plot in the book as he was in the film. Like I also said previously, I wanted to involve the mystery cat some more, who finally has a name. Mirage1234 suggested Chrochoch, who was a canon cat in the book, though wasn't mentioned much, to my knowledge. I haven't read the book the movie was based on, though I wouldn't mind reading it someday. I figured it would be interesting that Chrochoch (which, according to Google Translate, is pronounced kreh-chotch [you can click the volume button in either translation/translated box to hear how it's pronounced]) would show some interest in Sophia, like how Nhozemphtekh potentially did with Francis. Unfortunately for him, Sophia's not interested. Even though I don't want Sophia replacing Francis during the climax of the film, I figured it wouldn't hurt having her climb the tree to investigate Joker's house instead of him. Plus, Bluebeard technically reacted the same way to her climbing as he did to Francis originally climbing, minus yelling Sophia's name, of course. BTW, her answer to Francis when he asks if she was okay while she was climbing the tree was borrowed from Ice Age .[Chapter 12] A/N I don't own this story or characters; I only own Sophia. Mirage1234: Thanks :) I thought it was pretty funny too; especially when he was sure he was so suave and charismatic, but she prefers rude and foul-mouthed cats XD I think what I worked out will be pretty good ;) When the cats returned to Francis's house, save for a sleeping Gus, it was empty. A plate of untouched chicken sat on the counter, and a bowl of kitty chow on the floor. \"Dibs on the counter!\" Bluebeard exclaimed, jumping up. \"Save some for me at least!\" Sophia said, climbing up as well. As she, Bluebeard, and Francis began to eat, she confessed, \"I ran into that male cat again.\" Both males perked their ears up. \"When?\" Francis asked. \"Earlier today, before the meeting. He finally told me his name: Chrochoch. And he said your lady friend, Francis, is Nhozemphtekh. He said his breed was old…yet new. Old and new.\" \"That's what my friend told me.\" Francis said. \"Her breed was old and new. But she wouldn't tell me anything else.\" \"Chrochoch didn't tell me much either, though he seemed to admire our intelligence and intent on catching the murderer.\" She didn't tell them that he also had an interest in her, and that she refused him, basically telling him she preferred Bluebeard. After eating, the cats stepped into Gus's study, where he was asleep at the desk. He awoke briefly to greet the cats before falling back asleep. \"Now that Joker's gone, we don't have a prime suspect.\" Bluebeard said, chewing on a chicken bone. \"Bluebeard's right. There's no one else to suspect.\" Sophia nodded. \"I don't think even the new breeds would have a motive.\" \"Hmm.\" Francis agreed. \"The whole thing is as puzzling as ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics.\" He looked back at an open Egyptian book on the desk. His head suddenly popped up with a gasp. \"Bluebeard! Sophia! I've just had a crazy thought!\" \"Crazy. A word that describes a lot of your thoughts.\" \"Hush!\" Sophia snapped. \"Let him speak.\" Francis pulled a book, with the letter G on its spine, out of the bookshelf, letting it fall open on the floor near the other cats. He flipped through a few pages before stopping and saying, \"Here it is: genetics. 'The laws of inheritance were first discovered by the Jesuit priest, Gregor Johann Mendel.' We're being bred backwards!\" \"We're being what now?\" \"My god! I must have been blind and stupid to not have question which females had seduced the male victims! The clues in my dreams that I ignored…the faceless man was of course Preterius!\" \"The scientist who tortured those cats years ago?\" Sophia asked. \"Precisely. Dear Felicity's words: there was urgency in the tone of his voice. It was as if he was trying to convince or tell the other males something.\" \"…So the murderer wasn't targeting random cats,\" Sophia muttered. \"He was trying to tell the males—Sascha, Deep Purple, and the like—to leave the new cats alone! And when they didn't…they had to go…And that's why Solitaire and her kits were killed! I was right, they weren't Kong's kits; they were one of the new breed's! That's why they had to go.\" \"But what did Nhozemphtekh and your friend say? 'We are old and new.'\" \"Those snotty cats who're trying to take over the neighborhood?\" Bluebeard asked. \"Exactly, my friend.\" Francis nodded. He jumped onto the desk and nudged the Egyptian book onto the floor. \"There.\" \"What? That's her?\" \"No, it's just the model. For breeding. So we can be bred back to our origins: the proud, wild Felidae.\" Francis shook his head. \"Sophia, does Chrochoch—\" \"Yes, he looks like that.\" She nodded. \"Sandy fur, blazing yellow eyes, and a certain wildness to him.\" She turned to the genetics book and read, \"'Gregor Johann Mendal and his theory of heredity. Major work: experiments on plant hybrids.' Francis?\" He nodded. \"My dream with the huge man, babbling about plant hybrids. He must have been Mendal.\" By now, he and Bluebeard had joined Sophia at the book. \"And who reveres Mendal? And has a giant portrait of him in his home? Who worked with Preterius in the very lab Claudandus as tortured?\" \"Well? Who?\" Bluebeard snapped. \"Zeibold!\" \"Who the hell is Zeibold?\" \"Fresh liver doesn't ring any bells?\" Francis asked slyly. Sophia's eyes widened, and her heart seemed to plummet to her stomach. \"…Oh my god! How could we have been so blind?! He was right in front of us, the whole time!\" \"Come on, guys!\" Francis exclaimed, running out of the room. \"We have no time to lose!\" As the other two cats followed after him, Bluebeard asked, \"So, who is it?\" \"Who always offers you something to eat? Has a computer? Is regarded as the biggest smartass in the neighborhood?\" She nodded at Bluebeard's astonished expression. \"Goddammit! How could he have fooled us?!\" \"He fooled us all, Bluebeard.\" Francis sighed. \"But he won't anymore.\" The cats soon arrived at their destination. The house was dark and quiet, and a car could be heard driving away. \"Okay, you go in through here,\" Francis said to Bluebeard, nodding at the cat door. \"And I'll go straight into the study via window.\" \"Whom should I go with?\" Sophia asked. \"You go on ahead, Toots,\" Bluebeard said. \"I'll be fine on my own.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Go on, don't be such a worry-wart.\" \"Well, if you say so.\" She sighed, licking his cheek. \"Good luck…and be careful.\" \"You two too.\" He nodded, slipping into the door. Gulping nervously, Sophia trotted after Francis, and they both crawled up a tree next to the house. This is it. We're going into the house of the murderer. What will we find? What evidence could his computer hold?...What if we're wrong, and he becomes another victim? What if we don't make it out alive? They finally found the windows leading to the study. Francis pushed one of them open, and crawled in. Sophia came in too, and pushed the window shut. \"So he won't escape.\" She explained. \"Hmm. Good thinking.\" He nodded, booting up the computer. He found a file marked \"FELIDAE.\" \"This must be it.\" He tried to enter it, but a screen asking for a password popped up. Grumbling under his breath, he typed in \"felidae,\" but the password was denied. As he tried another word, Sophia's ears perked up at a yell. \"Bluebeard!\" She exclaimed, jumping to her feet on the table near the computer. \"Shhh!\" Francis exclaimed, the fur on his back standing on end. \"Someone might hear you!\" \"But—\" \"He'll be fine!\" He snapped, growling when \"claudandus\" was refused. \"I need to get into this file.\" \"Let me try,\" Sophia nudged him aside and tapped at the keys, spelling out \"preterius.\" The file opened with a \"ding,\" and files of dozens of cats appeared. \"Sophia, you're a genius!\" Francis smiled, taking over the mouse. \"It was nothing.\" She shook her head. \"Just a simple guess.\" Francis glanced over the files, reading one out loud, \"'Number 278. Pascha. June 18th, 1986. 12:30 AM. Four attempts to mate with Tragiyahn. Four attempts to dissuade him were in vain.'\" Sophia's ears perked up at some familiar names. \"Number 449. Felicity. November 29th, 1989. 5:45 AM. She knew too much, and had to go.' 'Number 450. Solitaire. November 30th, 1989. 2:50 AM. I discovered she was pregnant with Khromolhkhan's kits. She was of an undesired breed, and her young would have polluted the pedigree of Felidae.' 'Number 451. Joker. December 1st, 1989. 12:00 PM. My successor is getting nearer to solving the murders..'\" \"…You were right, Sophia,\" Francis sighed. \"The killer had to ensure that the selected females were bred with the right males to continue the Felidae breed; if any outsiders attempted…they had to be exterminated.\" \"Felicity was an exception though. She knew too much.\" Sophia added. \"But what about Joker? And what does he mean, 'success—'\" \"Have you solved the puzzle now?\" A voice asked. Sophia and Francis turned and saw a familiar Brown Havana poke his head out from around the corner: Pascal…or so he said he was. \"We have indeed, Claudandus,\" Sophia sneered. \"But I'm afraid we still have a few holes to fill in. Perhaps you would like to help us further?\" The older cat's eyes widened. \"But I thought you couldn't—never mind. That doesn't matter.\" \"What have you done to Bluebeard?!\" She snarled. \"I'll tell you two a story; a true story about man and animals. Yes, I am Claudandus. I was in the lab, I survived Preterius's unspeakable tortures. And when he finally snapped, I spoke to him.\" \"You spoke to man?!\" Francis exclaimed, not knowing whether to be astonished or angry. \"Indeed. Fascinated, he released me from my cage. Right away, I sunk my fangs deep into his throat!\" Claudandus scratched at the floor, curling his lip at the memory. \"Ziebold later took me in, and through him, I began learning about Mendal's theories of genetics. And suddenly, I knew I could turn the wheels of history backwards. Back to a more glorious of time for ourselves. Joker was my only alley. He spread the word of a new, dawning age, and I handled the science of the project. I started with a single pair, and it expanded greatly.\" Sighing, he said, almost with regret and guilt, \"I had to kill, Francis, Sophia. I had no choice. It was to preserve the purity of my great Felidae…I won't be here any longer. And that was why I lured you along. So you could become my successor; the leader of the wonderful, mighty Felidae!\" \"But why exactly did Joker have to go?\" Sophia asked. \"I didn't have a choice. Under pressure, he would have told Francis everything…he allowed me.\" Just like Felicity. He knew too much…and that was his sin. \"…So now we know it all.\" Francis sighed, turning back to the computer. \"And what I know…it disgusts me.\" Sophia nodded in agreement. All this massacre and killing…to only recreate an old breed? But…wasn't it Preterius's intention to create a \"super race\" for his experiments? Heh, how ironic. The tortured became the torturer for almost the same reason. It almost sounds like it came from a horror movie. \"Oh dear, Francis,\" Claudandus shook his head. \"You live your ordinary little day, and at night you fall into your carefree, ordinary little sleep, full of peaceful, stupid drams. And I…I brought you nightmares…or perhaps not? The world is a hell! And the culmination of all of the ugliness in the world is man! And you know what, my friends? We're now no different from them.\" As he spoke, Sophia had clicked a few keys and moved the mouse, highlighting everything to do with the Felidae project, and hovered the mouse over the \"delete\" icon. \" You're no different from them, Pascal!\" Francis snapped. \"You think like man, you act like man! So, tell me. What kind of role did you intend for all of the other animal species?\" \"None.\" Claudandus answered without a beat. \"They're stupid, and victims of their fate.\" \"But what about good men?!\" Sophia yelled the loudest she had yelled ever since first laying eyes on Solitaire's mutilated body. \"There are good men out there, Pascal or Claudandus or Felidae or whoever the hell you want to be called—\" \"No! No, no! You're wrong!\" Claudandus yelled, spitting in his rage. \"There are no good men! They're all the same! Animals are the good humans…and humans are the evil animals.\" Sophia shook her head, \"I can barely begin to imagine it. Your former tormentor wanted to create a super race of feline…and you followed in his tracks, despite having hatred for the man. You learned nothing. I may not be a pet anymore, but I can't agree that all humans are evil.\" \"We'll fight you in any way we can!\" Francis snarled. \"With all our strength! And we'll start by deleting your program and list of victims! Sorry.\" He sneered, pressing the \"delete\" icon. \"You can't imagine how much I regret this, my friends.\" Soon, the entire program was erased forever. With a loud, angry screech, Claudandus attacked with surprising strength and speed, despite his old age and feeble state. Sophia was knocked to the ground, and Francis ducked away. The computer was knocked to the ground and exploded, causing the curtains to catch fire. Not noticing, Francis and Sophia glared and growled at Claudandus, hissing and arching their backs. He hissed back and attacked Francis. They became a scrambling mess of black, white, and brown. Claws scratched, teeth bit, and hisses, growls, and yowls sounded, overlapping one another. Francis scratched down across his left eye, causing him to yowl and freeze momentarily. They both jumped to the ground and began fighting again. Behind them, the fire grew larger, beginning to engulf the entire room. Claudandus kicked Francis, who was bleeding from a deep gash in his left ear, hard into the wall, stunning him. He then jumped onto Sophia. Though caught by surprise, she fought back with equal vigor. She had long claws and sharp teeth as well, but her exposed skin scratched easily. Claudandus managed to pin her down. \"And to think I considered allowing you into the program as well. Tsk, tsk. Such a sad thought.\" He pressed one paw down on her chest, and grasped her throat in the claws of his other paw. She could feel blood begin to drip down her neck. She scratched and kicked against him, but he didn't move. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Francis slowly get up, shaking his head wearily. This is it, I'm going to die. But at least the horrid program was deleted…and Claudandus will be gone soon, whether by Francis's paw or not… Suddenly, a familiar screech pierced the air, and a large mass tackled Claudandus, knocking the surprised cat off of Sophia. A/N This one took me a while to figure out; not the beginning, but the part where they went to the second house because it's the climax, and I was trying to figure out how to write it and add Sophia. But I think what I write will suffice. I found it interesting that (in the film at least) Solitaire and her murdered kits weren't mentioned as part of Claudandus's plot. I admit, I didn't figure it out until I found it somewhere online; I believe it was the Felidae Wiki. And it makes sense. Since Sophia was the most traumatized by Solitaire's death, I figured it would only be fair that she was the one who fit that piece into the puzzle. I also wondered if Bluebeard ever really knew who Claudandus was, or the killer, for that matter. When they arrived at the house, he seemed calm about it. Perhaps he was told who was who before they arrived? I decided to add the files of Felicity, Solitaire, and Joker as well, shedding a little more light on the reasonings for their deaths. I have no idea when the story took place, so I guestimated (a combination of guess and estimated that I made up) For those of you who haven't watched/read Felidae, the murderer was Claudandus, and Pascal is Claudandus under a false name. If you know me, you'd know I have trouble with fight scenes. But I tried my best, and even incorporated Sophia into the mix as well. With her exposed skin, I figured she'd be at a disadvantage. Plus, she never really had to fight much in her life, so she's very rusty. Who do you think saved Sophia?[Chapter 13] A/N I don't own this story or characters; I only own Sophia. Mirage1234: That's fine; I was busy myself. Let's see if you're right ;) Once Claudandus was off, Sophia rolled onto her front, coughing. When the older, evil cat was pushed off, his claws tugged at her throat, scratching the bare skin underneath and causing more blood to leak out. She looked up to see her savior, and her eyes widened at the sight. Claudandus stood his ground, hissing at the cat that stood in front of the Sphinx. Despite the bleeding gashes in his reddish-brown fur, he was recognizable. \"Bluebeard!\" She gasped. \"You're all right!\" Before Claudandus could attack again, Francis leapt on him, and the fight began. They forgot about Sophia and Bluebeard. He turned around, revealing more scratches on his face. \"You all right, Soph?\" He asked, approaching her. \"We were right, Bluebeard,\" Sophia whispered, still feeling the sticky, warm blood on her throat. \"Pascal is Claudandus. He caused this whole mess.\" Bluebeard crouched by her and nuzzled her cheek with his snout. \"He ain't gonna last long, Toots.\" Looking beyond him, Sophia saw Claudandus standing, panting tiredly. But Francis was nowhere to be seen. Seeing Sophia looking at him, and Bluebeard's back turned, Claudandus snarled, baring his teeth. \"Bluebeard! Behind you!\" The Manx spun around and stood over the Sphinx, arching his back and hissing. Claudandus leapt for them, arms and claws stretched out. Sophia flattened herself to the floor, and Bluebeard prepared for the impact. Suddenly, Francis leapt over the two cats from behind, and sliced through Claudandus's chest and belly, reopening the large scar he got from being vivisected. He fell to the ground, his organs falling out and his ribcage exposed. Bluebeard shook the blood off of himself, blinking in thanks at Francis. \"The horror…\" Claudandus gasped from where he laid. \"So much pain…darkness…Francis. You look at me…and all you see…evil. But I too…was once…good…\" His eyes rolled to the back of his head, and with a pained sigh, he laid still. Sophia stared at him, both happy that he was gone, but sad and sympathetic because even he knew he was evil, but that he wasn't born evil; it was everything that had been done to him that made him crazy and angry. May God have a shred of mercy on your soul, Claudandus…Pascal…our former friend. Flaming debris began falling, causing the still-roaring fire to grow. \"We better get outta here, or we're toast.\" Bluebeard said. He and Francis nudged Sophia to her feet, and they all began to descend down the stairs into the living room. The fire had begun to spread down there as well; it wouldn't be long before the entire house was up in smoke. Sophia collapsed, exhausted from her injuries. The worst was the four gashes in her throat, which were only beginning to slow down in bleeding. \"Come on, Sophia!\" Francis urged. \"I can't…too…weak.\" Bluebeard grabbed her by the scruff and tossed her onto his back. Her legs dangled over his sides and on either side of his head. \"Lead the way, Smartass.\" He nodded, beginning to cough from the smoke. Both cats staggered out of the house and into the snow. The once-white powder became stained with red as the cats trudged through it, eventually collapsing out of exhaustion, pain, and smoke inhalation. \"He lost his innocence…Bluebeard…Sophia,\" Francis gasped as he and his friends began to fall unconscious. \"As man has lost his…\" Behind them, the house that once was home to one of the biggest animal murderers became completely engulfed in the flames and slowly burned to the ground, taking its secrets and murderous inhabitant with it. When Francis became conscious, he was in the arms of a man, or as he had been calling them, a can-opener. The clothing felt tough and like a burlap sack. Looking to the side, he saw two more holding Bluebeard and Sophia, both of which were still unconscious. He looked up at the can-opener holding him. He was wearing a large, plastic hat, and his clothes were dark-gray and yellow. Francis realized this was a firefighter holding him, and the other can-openers were firefighters as well. They must have been called when other people noticed the house was on fire. He fell unconscious again as he and his friends were placed into individual cat crates, and the firefighter said to take them to the veterinarian. When he became conscious again, he was in a small cage in a place that smelled of chemicals, like his home, and his left ear had been bandaged. There was a small tube in his paw, and a small blanket over his body. \"Bluebeard? Sophia?\" He called out. Under him, he heard familiar grumbles. \"Bluebeard? Is that you down there?\" \"Who else? Can't believe those can-openers—\" \"Saved our lives?\" Francis finished dryly. \"If they hadn't have come around and found us, we wouldn't have made it. We were all losing blood. Not to mention it was cold and snowy.\" Bluebeard simply scoffed. \"Where's Sophia?\" \"Sophia?\" Francis called out again. \"Where are you?\" Then, a man wearing a white coat came into the room. Cradled in his arms was Sophia, unconscious and with a tube in her arm as well, leading to a clear plastic bag. Her throat and abdomen were bandaged. The man opened the cage to the right of Francis, laid Sophia in it, hooked the plastic bag on the door, and closed and locked it. Francis sighed, \"Well, it looks like we'll be in here for a while. After a few days at the vet, Gus brought all of the cats home, paying with his most recent paycheck from his job. He set the cat crates on the floor and opened them all. Sophia shot out and darted under a nearby chair. After Gus left the room, Francis and Bluebeard stepped out. \"Are you all right, Sophia?\" The black and white male asked. \"…I don't like small spaces.\" She said. Her voice was a bit scratchier than before, either from not speaking for a few days or because of the now-scarred wound on her throat. \"She said her father would lock her in a small room when she wouldn't be quiet.\" Bluebeard explained, scratching his shoulder against another piece of furniture. \"You won't have to go in it again, Sophia.\" Francis said, standing by the chair she was under. Sophia slowly crawled out from under the chair. Francis had three scars next to his left ear on his head. Bluebeard had a few scars on his face and three long scars in his left leg. Sophia herself had two scars on her right side, and four small ones on her throat from where Claudandus had grabbed her. \"…I can hardly believe it's over.\" She muttered, sitting down. \"Neither can I.\" Francis agreed, sighing. \"I can't believe that it was Pascal all along.\" \"No one else is going to either.\" Bluebeard added. \"What will we tell everyone when they find out 'Pascal' is dead?\" \"They all know he had stomach cancer,\" Francis pointed out. \"So they'll just think he expired early. And the fire could have been accidental for all they know. As for the murders, I think it would be best that while they know it wasn't Joker, they shouldn't know it was 'Pascal,' since as Bluebeard said, no one will believe us. They should just know that Joker was innocent.\" \"But they'll ask if he's dead.\" Sophia said. \"…We'll just let them decide his fate.\" All three of the cats sat in silence, mulling over the past events. \"…Pascal said some of us were experimented on.\" Bluebeard said. Sophia turned to him. \"What do you remember?\" \"I just remember having terrible pain in my eye, and on my paw.\" He said, lifting his left paw up. \"I never really gave it any thought as to why I'm like this…but I guess I know why.\" \"And Felicity must have been in that lab as well,\" Francis added. \"She said she remembered men standing over her, and a bright light shined into her eyes.\" Sophia sighed heavily. \"So many victims of Preterius…so many opportunities to have been as corrupted as Claudandus…I'm just glad it's all over.\" \"And that we're alive…despite being a bit scraped up.\" Francis chuckled. Laughing as well, Sophia nodded. \"It sure has been a fun ride.\" Bluebeard remarked. \"I'm glad I decided to stay here.\" \"What do you mean?\" Francis asked. \"I usually don't stay as long as I do in separate towns,\" Sophia explained. \"But I'm glad I decided to stay, despite the grisly events. I'm also glad because I've never had closer friends than you two.\" She licked Francis's cheek and nuzzled Bluebeard's face, smiling wider when he nuzzled back. A/N I've been pretty busy between updates; mostly playing Pokemon Alpha Sapphire, having Thanksgiving, and reading a new, awesome fanfic, \"Hope for the Heartless,\" which is in my favorites. If you like The Black Cauldron -and more specifically, the Horned King-give this fanfic a shot. If any of you guessed it was Bluebeard who saved Sophia, you were right. Like I said, I wanted Bluebeard to be more involved in the fight than in the movie (I can't include the book because I read he never went with Francis to confront Claudandus) When Bluebeard picked Sophia up, it was kind of like in The Lion King 2: Simba's Pride , when Kovu picked up Kiara during the fire. Francis talking about not revealing who the true murderer was, and clearing Joker's name, is a reference to him doing the same in the Felidae book. Again, I'm just reading off from what I've heard about the book, I haven't read it yet. The scratches on Bluebeard I kinda reffed off of a pencil drawing someone on DeviantART drew, which is their take on Bluebeard after the end of the movie. It should be pretty easy to find. I'm probably just gonna add a simple epilogue after this, sort of tying up loose ends, referencing the end of the movie a tad, and having one last appearance of our favorite male Felidae cat ;)[Chapter 14] A/N I don't own this story or characters; I only own Sophia. Mirage1234: Thanks :D I've been toying with a sequel; I'll explain more in the last A/N. Several days later, after Christmas, the weather became quite warm, for the winter season. Sophia found herself sitting at the river, staring down into it. She still wore her silver collar, and underneath it was a red ribbon tied around her neck courtesy of Gus's niece, whom had come with her parents to visit during the holidays. Sophia, Bluebeard, and Francis had grown closer together over the past several days after Claudandus's death. A meeting was called, where Francis announced that 'Pascal' had, unfortunately, passed away in an accidental house fire. Everyone knew about the fire, and grieved for the older cat. Francis had also said he had found out that Joker hadn't been involved in the murders, but was still unable to be found. He said the murderer had been taken care of, and wouldn't hurt anyone again. He refused to tell who the killer was, but everyone eventually forgot about it. They assumed Joker had left town to spread the Gospel of Claudandus. Sophia and Bluebeard helped Francis to coax Jesaja out of his home, telling him that the Prophet no longer needed his services, and that he was free to do as he wanted in his life. It took a long time to get him to even come out, but they succeeded, and a kind innkeeper found Jesaja, and took him in as a companion, and as a sort of mascot to the inn. Jesaja repeatedly thanked the cats for giving him a new life for days afterwards whenever he saw them. Francis and Bluebeard grew irritated by the Persian's constant thanks, but Sophia herself remained patient, reminding the toms that Jesaja had been living in secrecy and sorrow, and that he now had something to be happy for. Francis had also made a new friend: a Felidae female named Iiieahtoph. She was a slender, sandy-colored cat with a wide head, a bushy tail, and a brown collar with a bell. Her belly, throat, snout, and tail tip were darker in color, and unlike the rest of her kin, she had blue eyes. At first, Bluebeard and Sophia were very wary of her. But she proved that even though she was still as wild as the rest of the breed, she was also quite polite and fun-loving, and became good friends with Sophia. The two would sometimes take walks through the neighborhood, exchanging gossip about the other cats, especially Francis and Bluebeard, and taunt Kong and the Hermans from trees, as the former was too heavy to climb, and the latter didn't like trees. Bluebeard still didn't think much of Iiieahtoph, but didn't mind Sophia spending time with her. \"If you aren't a family pet, why do you wear that collar?\" She asked the Sphinx one day. \"…I kept it in the past because back then, I didn't speak, and it was the only thing that had my name. It was the only way Bluebeard and Francis learned my name.\" Iiieahtoph nodded in understanding, having learned her friend's backstory. \"Well, since you've become accustomed to speaking, there's no reason to continue wearing it since you won't become a can-opener's pet, now is there?\" Sophia grunted in agreement. \"It's just that I've worn it for so long that…\" \"You've become used to it?\" She nodded. \"If I were you, I'd get rid of it because who's to say a can-opener won't think you're someone's pet, pick you up, and either try to find your owner, or take you in as a pet?\" Sophia had been thinking about what her friend had said since then, and now, three days after Christmas, she sat at the river, staring down at the newly-thawed water. The scars from Claudandus were still on her neck. The ones on her side had faded considerably, but the ones on her throat stayed. They hadn't damaged her voice, but she noticed it was scratchier than even before. Behind her, Bluebeard and Francis joined her. \"You still thinkin' about what Iiieahtoph said?\" Bluebeard asked. \"…She's right. If a can-opener sees me with the collar, and puts two and two together, they might try to relocate me. I'm lucky the veterinarian didn't.\" \"It's because Gus said he had seen you come to the house multiple times.\" Francis explained. \"And that he would pay for all three of us.\" Taking a deep breath and sighing, Sophia pulled the collar off over her head with her paws, laid it on the ground in front of her, and stared at it. Her neck felt cold and strange without it, but she felt something else; something even better: freedom. She stood up, turned around, and kicked the collar into the river. It fell in with a splash and sunk down, never to be seen again. The toms could see the light bounce off of it below the surface of the water briefly before it disappeared. \"How do you feel?\" Francis asked Sophia. \"Strange…but free.\" \"It's a good feeling, huh?\" Bluebeard smirked. \"Well, I had better take my leave. Iiieahtoph is expecting me on the rooftops.\" \"You have fun…Smartass.\" Sophia chuckled. Francis simply laughed as he trotted away. Then, after the black and white tom left, another cat appeared. This was a Felidae tom, with tufted ears and a dark stripe along his back. Sophia scowled at the newcomer. \"…Afternoon, Crochoch.\" She said dryly. \"And a wonderful afternoon to you too, Sophia.\" He smiled, sneering slightly at Bluebeard. \"Where is your collar?\" \"I dumped it into the river. I didn't need it anymore.\" \"I see. That ribbon around your neck, however, it looks very nice. It makes you look…ravishing.\" He purred. \"Chrochoch, I already told you I'm not interested.\" She said. \"You never told me that.\" \"I figured me not responding to your 'flirts' would be answer enough.\" \"Ah, yes. You prefer rude and foul-mouthed cats.\" He curled his lip at Bluebeard, who cocked his head in confusion. \"As I said, he isn't the most polite or sensitive cat, but his heart is in the right place. He is a good friend, and has helped me ever since I first came to this godforsaken place.\" \"I could be a good friend too if—\" \"I'm sorry, Chrochoch…but I'm not interested. I barely trust you enough to even consider you a friend.\" \"Iiieahtoph, though?\" \"She wasn't my friend first; she was someone else's. And besides, we only met because you were stalking me, especially during times when everyone and their mother were afraid to walk the dark streets for fear they would have their throats ripped out. I'll say it again, I'm not interested. Perhaps someday, somehow, we could be friends. But it will be just that: friends.\" Chrochoch looked very put out. He had only been told to keep an eye on Sophia to see if she was \"worthy,\" whatever that meant. But despite this, he had grown to have an attraction to her, for her wits, smarts, and sharp tongue. He had been ecstatic to learn she would become part of the Felidae program—not that he ever cared about it. But when he tried to charm her, she refused him, and even practically said she preferred to have an ugly, one-eyed, foul-mouthed Manx as a mate. She had said that, and more, today, even after the murderer was killed and the program canceled. Most other females had been attracted to the Felidae breed's exotic appearance and wild nature. But not this female, apparently. Sighing, Chrochoch turned and padded away, pausing to glance back with a glimmer of hope that Sophia would change her mind. But she remained where she was, not changing her facial expression. He continued on his way and soon disappeared from sight. Bluebeard slowly approached Sophia. \"…Did you really turn down that cat? I heard other females gushing at the chance to be with cats like those—why I don't know. But did you really turn him down?\" \"…Yes.\" \"And for me?\" This time, she smiled at Bluebeard. \"Yes. I meant what I said when I said you were a good friend, and had your heart in the right place.\" Bluebeard slowly smiled, nuzzling her face with his own, before walking away. Sophia followed after him, speeding momentarily to catch up with him. Before she came to the neighborhood, she was a silent feline, who had no place in the world, and simply hopped from town-to-town. But now she was a bit braver, a bit wiser, and far from silent. She was still shy about talking to strangers, but her friends and even Claudandus himself helped her find her voice again. Sophia was glad she stayed in the neighborhood, no matter how gruesome or bloody the outcome became. A/N I whipped this up in about twenty minutes I think. The events of Francis clearing Joker's name, not saying who Pascal really was, or who the murderer was, and coaxing Jesaja to come out are references to the book (which I still haven't read) The female cat was the one Francis interacted with in the end of the movie. She wasn't given a name, so I gave her one from the Felidae Breed page on the Felidae Wiki. I also gave her a slightly-better personality than Nhozemphtekh, and had her become Sophia's friend. I originally wasn't going to have Sophia get rid of her collar, but I decided it would be a good idea, since it kinda symbolizes her changing in addition to her finding her voice again. We also had to have one last appearance of Chrochoch :) I liked adding a few paragraphs describing his POV about the situation, especially how he fell in love with Sophia. Unfortunately for him, she prefers our favorite sailor-mouthed cat. So, this is the end of my first Felidae fanfic. I had quite a bit of fun writing this, and I'm glad people liked this (thanks, Mirage1234, for all your reviews and help with naming Chrochoch) As I said, I've been toying with the idea of a sequel. My idea is where Bluebeard and Sophia decide to leave town after Francis and Gus leave (Francis stated that they move a lot, so they probably won't stay for long) and they find the cats of the Warrior series (I swear I came up with the idea before you, Mirage1234) This is because I've read the first series of the warrior books, but I still really like it and the characters, and the series helped a tad in this story. I might not have a murder mystery in it; more of Sophia learning fully how to be a feral cat, and Bluebeard having trouble fitting into the group where almost everyone has a job. I'll probably also have them join a clan other than ThunderClan, since it's like Gryffindor in Hogwarts; everyone wants to join them. I'll probably take a break from writing for a while. I have a few ideas, though, including the SbnH sequel; other ones I've had are for Shark Tale, The Black Cauldron, and Guardians of the Galaxy. I'll probably begin writing after Christmas at least. ","Summary":" A/N I've wanted to write a story for this franchise for some time, but never had any good ideas. No"},{"Movie":"Forbidden Kingdom","Title":"Journey to the Past","Author":"BeyondTheVeilOfShadows","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9699313","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hi, there folks! Today I bring to you a revised edition to the partial story originally written by WishUponAStar1015. I have permission to finish it as I really really do love this story! She had allowed me to re-do the first hand full of chapters she's already done and put my own twist to it. I also have her permission to write the rest of the story with my own imagination. Also, as gratefull as I am for her letting me do this, I have suggested I would forward each chapter to her for reviewing before I post it here. So, needless to say, if she approves what I have written, it will be posted for your viewing pleasure. :D On another note, she seems to be loving what I've done with it so far. Yay! So, with out further ado, here is the updated Prologue and Chapter One! P.S. Since Return of the Jade Princess is already taken, WishUponAStar1015 and I have come to an agreement on a new title. I don't have to tell you what it is, do I? :P ~MK~AT~ I was floating in nothing but darkness, feeling weightless and without mass. The sounds of crashing and clanging of metal echoed around me. I tried to move my body, but to no avail. My body was completely limp. I felt panic surge through my veins as I desperately struggled to lift my eyelids from my unconscious state. Everything was dark and when I managed to actually lift my eyelids, the blinding light made everything worse. I was in a terrible amount of pain and all I wanted was to get down from this stinking wall! Wait… My eyes snapped open as I realized that I was actually strapped to a wall. How had I gotten there to begin with? When had I gotten there? I struggled as hard as I could, but flinched when I suddenly heard cruel laughter next to my ear. I jerked my head to the left and saw a pair of dark, evil eyes boring right through mine. The eyes belonged to an elaborately dressed man, looking something like...a Warlord? He had hair as black as ebony that was held high in a knot at the top of his head, wrapped in an intricate gold hair piece. I pushed my head far away from him and blinked in surprise when I saw a fruit being thrown at the man's head. It was kind of amusing. I looked up and felt myself smile, felt a calming warmth spread through my body. My savior was standing some feet behind whoever this creepy man was, arms folded, smiling and giggling childishly. Who was this man? He seemed so familiar to me, with white-blonde hair held up high in a ponytail, wearing a dark green tunic with brown leather boots, shoulder and arm bracers. I couldn't help but feel affection for this giggling stranger, and I smiled at him fondly. I was about to call out for him, but stopped when I saw he was concentrating very hard on the battle. It was weird; I had never seen anyone so concentrated on something… unless...was I in danger? I didn't feel like I was in danger, but maybe he felt like I was. That was another thing. Why would a stranger work so hard to save me? I didn't know him...did I? Were we related? Friends? Or perhaps... lovers ? Judging by his actions, the way he bounced from one wall to the next, giggling, swinging from the rafters, twirling his golden staff, he seemed to be a bit monkey-ish. A Monkey King! I felt like I would only get in his way seeing that he was in such a heated battle, so I kept my mouth shut. Suddenly, the Warlord suggested that they fight without weapons and without chi magic, for the Monkey King without his faithful staff would be useless. A lowly hermit, so the Warlord had called him. Sure, like the Monkey King would believe that…would he? Of course he would. He was so damn trusting! I wanted to cry out, to warn him, but I didn't want him lose his concentration either. The Monkey King shoved his trusted metal staff down into the ground, and was about to take position, but stopped when he saw that the Warlord had hidden a knife in his sleeve. He was going to step forward but…no! It was too late; he had already flung the knife. I watched as it flipped through the air...and landing into my chest. I didn't feel much at first due to the shock of being stabbed, but the pain hit suddenly and forcefully. I gasped as I felt a searing pain in my chest, pulsating with every beat of my heart. It was agonizing. I looked down in a sort of daze, not believing what I was seeing. Suddenly, the restraints were loosened and I fell to the ground in a shaking heap. I felt myself becoming weak. My hands flew up to the knife lodged in my chest as a pair of strong, yet gentle, arms wrapped around my shoulders. The Monkey King tried to lift me very gently, but each movement of my body was excruciating. I looked up in a daze, looking up into the distraught eyes of the one I loved. Love? Yes, yes, I loved this man. It seemed cruely ironic that I would realize my feelings as I was assuredly looking death in the face. Life is but a cruel bitch. He lightly shook my shoulders, and gave a light cry as I collapsed in his arms. I just couldn't hold myself up any longer. He turned me over on my back and placed my head in his lap, lightly gripping the knife and tugging it from my chest. Once the knife was dislodged from my chest, the blood could flow freely, causing his eyes to blur as tears began to form. I knew that I was going to die, just as he did, but he seemed to not want to face the truth. He was rocking me slightly now, craddling me, face buried in my silver hair, silently and shamelessly letting his tears fall from his face. He bunched up the tough material of his belt and pressed it to the grotesque wound, but it didn't help. \"Snowflake,\" I whispered ever so quietly, my voice shaky, raspy, the taste of blood in my mouth and dripping out the corner in a thin line. It was so quiet that only he was able to hear me. I brought one hand up to his face, cupping his cheek, and my eyes started to glaze with unshed tears. \"Be happy…...for me. It's alright, I'm not...afraid to die...I got to have you. I love y-you.\" A strained, raspy, and choked whisper was I could do as a single tear streaming down my face. Then, everything went dark. There was no sound, no light…no anything. Just as I was about to give into the darkness, a gentle, older voice came drifting through the darkness. The darkness shifted. I was no longer in the arms of my beloved. Instead, I was standing next to him, watching him sob into my lifeless form. \"My dear, sweet daughter,\" Cooed the gentle voice. Daughter? Suddenly I felt a warm presence behind me. I looked, but there was nothing there. I turned back to the weeping form of the Monkey King, stead fast refusing to let me go, and watched as the form of an old, white haired man appear out of thin air. His smile was gentle, and I couldn't help but smile back, though sadly, as he continued to speak, \"The Monkey King wanted nothing more than to avenge your death, but he was tricked.\" The older man sighed. It was almost like he was disappointed over something. I watched as the white-blonde haired man – the Monkey King – stood and cast away two metal staffs that I know I had seen somewhere before. \"In order to preserve his power and the power of his love, he cast away the staffs…but he also cast away a servant.\" The old man said. It was then that I saw the hair glinting against the metal of his staff. I watched, horrified, as the Monkey King pointed a finger at the Warlord, and smiled a smile filled with unspoken promises that he would have his revenge, as he was turned to stone by the Warlord's chi magic. The scene shifted again, and I watched as the people of a place called the Jade Palace gave me a proper burial. They mourned my death, but what the older man said next really struck a nerve. \"My dearest…you are ready to come home. Only you and Jason have the power to free the Monkey King from his prison. Only then will you learn what you have forgotten. He said. Suddenly, it was like I was being shoved, and I felt myself falling… ~MK~AT~ I jumped, falling off of my bed as I jerked awake. I was dreaming. It wasn't the first time I'd had this dream, nor was it the second, or third. In fact, this dream seemed to dominate my sleep every night, reoccurring the second I closed my eyes. I had been having the same dream for the past six weeks. Every night it had been the same. The same people. The same message. The same sorrow. The same strange feeling I got in my chest at the sight of the Monkey King becoming trapped in stone. It had been three years since the day I had gotten the phone call from Jason, my dear younger brother. Nothing could have made me happier than to have that bastard of a father arrested and convicted to several years in federal prison. It turns out he had been a drug dealer as well! What are the odds of that? I got to my feet, a hand to my head and my other hand on the wall to help steady me. This was my routine every time I had this dream. I went to my desk and quietly opened the drawer. It squeaked quite a bit and Jason's room was right next to mine, so I needed to be as quiet as possible. I retrieved a small bottle, and Inside was a white hair. It wasn't just any white hair…it was the same kind of hair that floated in the wind against the staff in my dream. Of course, this wasn't any substantial proof that my dream was real, only that I found a stray hair floating in my room that looked just like the one in my dream. But this wasn't the only source of proof that I had. I reached underneath my shirt to pull out a small jade leaf. It was beautifully carved, and a small, almost invisible, hole was drilled into the base of the leaf so that it could be made into a necklace. The small jade object had a black ribbon running through it, and I know that everything that I had been dreaming of was true, because I was wearing this exact same jade leaf in my dream, except I wore it around my head, like a circlet, and there was the letter that appeared out of thin air with a message from...my 'father'. So, I had died, but I had died for the man I loved…even if I didn't remember him, and I knew that one thing was for certain. The time when I release him from his stone cage was drawing near...and the Jade Princess would be there by his side once again.[Chapter 2] Chapter One The Staff's of Legend ~MK~AT~ I sighed and ran a hand through my hair. Now that I was awake, there was no way that I would be able to get back to sleep. With the morning sunlight shining through my window, leaving a dusty patch of light on the floor, I decided to get dressed instead. I dressed into a flowing knee length green dress with a black sash tied around my waist, black stockings, and black six inch stilettos. I tied my hair in a ponytail with a black ribbon. I usually braided my hair, for training, but I hadn't been able to find a nice martial arts dojo here in Boston, so what was the point? Although, sometimes I would climb to the roof of our apartment building and practice with the bo staff I had bought for myself with the birthday money I got from Jason, my mom and other family members. It was my moment of Zen, a way of finding some semblance of inner peace in this crazy world. A lot of times, however, I'd experience the strangest feeling of déjà vu, like I had done something like this before…..I just couldn't remember where. I shook my head in annoyance at my lack of memory, and took the ribbon that held the small jade leaf and tied it around my neck. Somehow it made me feel oddly safe. The necklace clearly held some sort of meaning, and it was driving me mad that I couldn't figure out what it was. In the room next to mine, my brother, Jason, slept peacefully. Contrary to my well kept room, his room was covered with martial arts posters, Asian legend posters, and one odd Boston Bruins poster. There were figurines lining the dressers, and there were memorabilia items strewn across the floor. After a few moments, I appeared in the doorway to his room, and watched for a moment as he twitched a few times in his sleep. I wanted to wake him up, but after I saw how messy the room was I decided to take it upon myself to tidy it up a little. After ten minutes of picking up dirty laundry, my little brother finally woke with a start. \"Well, it's about time lazy bones! I was concerned I'd have to get the ice water.\" I said with a giggle. He looked around with a strange expression before stretching and maneuvering himself into a sitting position. \"I had a strange dream lastnight. I dreamt about a bo staff, a special one...and some warrior named: The Monkey King . Weird.\" He mumbled before running a hand through his hair. What? He was dreaming about the Monkey King? But before my mind could question it, Jason looked towards the television, which was playing some old martial arts movie about a warrior, who strangely enough, acted, and looked a bit monkey-ish. So maybe there wasn't a connection after all. He turned it off and headed to the bathroom to get ready. \"Are we still going to see, Hop, today?\" I questioned him as I straightened up the sheets on his bed. He constantly told me that I didn't need to clean up, but I had been so used to cleaning up my whole life that it really didn't bother me. It would be a difficult task to break the habit my father had instilled within me. \"Yeah. I wanna check the new movies he's got.\" Came the muffled reply. I giggled at his groggy, sleepy tone and went downstairs to make us some breakfast. Usually our mother had something prepared for us, but she's been working double shifts at the hospital the last few weeks, and never has the time anymore. Less than an hour later, the two of us had eaten breakfast and were on our way to Chinatown. Jason was ridding his bike, peddling slowly so I could keep up. I don't ride bikes, especially in heels, and I really don't care for them; walking is healthier, and much safer in my opinion. Soon enough we arrived at the shop in Chinatown. I smiled as I heard the little bell ring, and Chinese opera music playing when I opened the door. I smiled wider when greeted by Hop with a big hug. Since I had been living with my mom and brother, I had become good friends with the old man. We shared a similar interest with Chinese antiques, and he would often share with me the legends of his home country. \"Ariya! A most welcome visitor! You brought Kung Fu boy with you?\" Hop asked happily, as he let me out of his hug. For an old man, he can hug rather strongly. \"I believe the right question is: when will I ever not have him with me?\" I said, with a playful smile, as I watched Jason park the bike. \"Aha! Clever girl!\" Hop chuckled. \"What's going on, Hop?\" Jason questioned as he entered the shop, making a bee line straight to the movie section of the pawn shop. I smirked and just shook my head. My brother was such a weirdo. \"Ah, you back again?\" Hop questioned Jason after he gave me a wink. Hop moved behind the counter and counted his money before stuffing it into an old coffee can, and put crinkled paper on top so the change wouldn't jingle. \"Oh, sick.\" My brother said suddenly. I just shook my head and went to go look at the figurines and the authentic costumes. Some of them were really elaborate and beautiful. Sometimes Hop would let me try them on in order to air them out. If I could, I would buy the whole rack and then wear the clothing every day! \"Find good one?\" I heard Hop question as I perused the rack of clothing. \"They're all so beautiful, it's hard to pick just one!\" I laughed as I eyed a particular jade colored dress, \"I just don't have the money right now.\" Hop eyed me for a few moments before smiling a small smile and wandering off. As I looked through the clothing, a twinkle from the side caught my eye. It was something on the jewelry table. When I investigated further I was surprised to see a jade leaf that looked suspiciously like the one I wore around my neck. I reached out to pick up the small trinket. It wasn't a fake or cheap feeling item. It had some weight to it, like mine did, and the color showed no signs of fading or deterioration. If I didn't know any better, I'd say this was the twin to my jade leaf, like they belonged together. I began to wonder if Hop had seen anymore of these jade leaves as I turned the object between the tips of my fingers. Right on cue, as if he had heard my thoughts, Hop came up behind me. \"Find something else of interest?\" He asked. \"Actually, yeah.\" I couldn't help myself, \"This jade leaf...look familiar?\" I held up the two leaves side by side, and fought hard to suppress a giggle as Hop's eyes grew big. \"Where you get this?\" He asked, shuffling closer toward me, taking the jade leaf around my neck in his fingers. The smile I had formed melted away slightly. \"To be honest, I don't...remember.\" I replied solemnly, \"It was on my lap when I awoke one morning. In fact, it was the morning Jason called me to tell me our father had gone to prison, that I was going to live with him and mom!\" Hop stared at me in bewilderment. He glanced down at the leaves, then back up at me, \"You sure you don't know where you got yours? Or where it came from?\" He asked. I sighed, \"Yep,\" I replied. \"Ariya,\" Hop said quietly, grabbing my arm gently and pulling me closer to his face, \"these leaves are two of three that once belonged to the Jade Princess! She wore them round her head...as circlet. It was given to her by her beloved...and betrothed...before she die.\" I stared at Hop in shock. He pretty much summed up my dream in just a few sentences and Hop knew nothing of my dream, no one did! Was this a sign? Were these two jade leaves and my dream connected, or was it just a coincidence? As I stared at the twin leaves. I felt myself become disoriented. Images started to flash in my head, images of a beautiful land, with mountains, a river, and lush green grass as far as the eye could see. I had the jade leaves in my hand. I took one of the leaves in my fingers, and with some effort, I flung it forward. I watched as the tiny object came into contact with the forehead of a white-blonde haired man. The Monkey King! But after a moment, he dissipated into shimmering wisps of golden light, leaving behind a single strand of hair floating of it's own accord through the air. \"Ariya, you okay? Yes?\" Came Hop's voice, jarring me from my...what was that exactly...a vision? \"Yeah, Hop, I'm alright. Just a bit tired. I haven't been sleeping well the last few weeks. I sort of zoned out for a moment there.\" \"Ah. Well, I feel I should give you second jade leaf. No charge. Late birthday gift, yeah? It bring you good fortune,\" Hop chuckled, raspily, placing the other jade leaf in my hand and wrapping my fingers around it. \"Oh, but, Hop, you don't have-\" I was about to protest when he cut me off. \"No! Won't take no for answer. They belong together. Maybe you find other one soon, huh?\" Hop said with another raspy chuckle and walked away. I was extremely touched to say the least. Hop loved his money, so for him to give me something without pay was something to cherish. \"Well, thank you, Hop,\" I replied, taking my necklace off to put the other leaf on it, and tying it around my neck once more. I leaned in and gave Hop a tiny peck on the cheek. He smiled, and I swear behind his tanned and aged skin a pale red surfaced to the top. \"Yeah…Ten Tigers of Kwangtung…\" I heard my brother in the distance, \"This is gold.\" I spared a glance in his direction. As I turned around I heard Jason swoon over the movies once again, \"Oh!\" He exclaimed in excitement as he grabbed a DVD from the shelf, \"Bride with White Hair! Chinese – no subtitles!\" He almost squealed as I tried not to laugh at his voice. It would only embarrass him. I turned away and made my way to the back. There were some other pieces of jewelry in the back that caught my attention. Perhaps I could buy my mother an early birthday present. \"Hey, Hop?\" I heard my brother's voice once again, and I caught a glimps of the old man take a swig out of a silver flask, \"You got any early Shaw Brothers? There's a guy that does Leopard Style that I…\" He was cut off as Hop laughed at him. I was amused as well. My brother was almost obsessed with Kung Fu, but for some reason he had never noticed that I was trained in it. Odd isn't it? \"Leopard Style. Dragon Style, fly through air, walk on water. Crouching Tiger. Spanking Monkey.\" The old man laughed at him once again in his harsh way. I wondered how much abuse, or most likely alcohol, he had put it through, \"I know you. Another white boy who wants know Kung Fu. Kick the ass! Get the girls.\" And with that I just couldn't hold in my laughter. \"Shut it!\" Jason exclaimed as he turned to see me doubled over in laughter. Suddenly, I felt an intense pull behind my navel. It was so intense it wiped the smile off my face within seconds. Something was calling to me, but what, and where? I tried to follow the call, letting my instincts kick in; and they were leading me to the back room. It seems Jason was feeling something too, because he met me at the door, a zoned-out expression plastered on his face. Jason slowly walked to the back room and I followed. We looked to the floor, enraptured, and Jason crouched down to pick up a discarded yellow-bronze staff. The heads of the staff had been carved to show monkeys of different style. I lightly touched the bronzed staff with a stomach lurching feeling of déjà vu. I had seen that exact staff before – I had touched the staff before. I had known the wielder and owner of the staff! A glint to the right caught my eye, and mounted on the wall was another staff – it was the one that had been calling to me. It sounded as if it had been calling to my very soul. Once I picked it up it was as if everything clicked into place. I twirled the shimmering staff around – careful of the small spikes on the end so that it wouldn't injure my brother. I nearly cried. It was like reuniting with an old friend. \"Only storage back here.\" Came Hop's voice from behind us, startling me from my current hypnosis. \"Where did you get these?\" Jason asked in awe. I stepped forward, holding out the staff. It wasn't mine, of course. It was Hops. I couldn't just act like it rightfully belonged to me no matter how much the staff felt like it belonged in my hands. My arms stayed outstretched for a moment as Hop took the weapon from my hands, and I had to stifle a whimper as I felt it slip from my fingertips. \"Hitokiri…\" I muttered as he placed the staff back on the wall. Weird. That name just popped in my head out of nowhere. \"This…\" Hop continued as he motioned towards the staff in Jason's hands, \"…was here…when my grandfather opened this shop. Hundred years ago…he waited for a man to pick up…\" he reached out to take the staff from Jason. Hop reached up to the best of his ability and put the staff on a holder on top of a worn dresser. \"Return to rightful owner...\" he continued with the story, \"…man never came. My father take over shop. Waited, too…long time…now me.\" he finished solemnly. He turned to me and spoke again, \"This one…\" he pointed to the staff on the wall, the one I had held, \"belong to Princess of Jade Kingdom…beloved of other staff owner. Some say she die…some say disappear…never came.\" I looked at the staff with a surprised expression. The mysterious voice in my dreams had called me a Jade Princess. What did that mean? Did that staff really belong to me? Was I some sort of reincarnation and was having dreams of the past? There was no possible explanation what I was experiencing that I could think of at this moment, so I just kept quiet. Perhaps I could come back later and ask Hop some more questions about his father. Maybe he had some answers. \"They're northern temple style Bo staffs. The same kind the Thirteen Monks used to save the Tang Emperor. I've…seen it before…that exact one.\" Jason said suddenly, referring to the staff with the monkeys on it, \"I've had dreams about it.\" He continued in a faraway voice. I stared in shock. He had been having dreams about it? Since when? Hop didn't seem to think anything about it. He just seemed to laugh it off, ushering the two of us back into the main part of the shop. \"You know why? You watch too much Hong Kong phooey!\" He waved us on, \"Come. Come on.\" He led us back to where the main part of the shop met with the front door. \"I give you five awesome Bruce Lee movie…for very sick price.\" Both of us just followed in a sort of daze. \"You the man, Hop.\" Jason said, distantly. What in the world had just happened back there? ~MK~AT~ A/N: So what did you think of the first chapter? I thought it would be fun to play Hop or \"Lu\" as a sort of eccentric uncle for Ariya. He definitely seems the type. Haha! X)[Chapter 3] A/N: Thank you so much to those of you that followed and reviewed! It really means a lot to me. :) So here is chapter two. Ariya and Jason come face to face with Lupo and his band of misfits. Let me know what you think of this one! This chapter is a bit short, unfortunatley. I just didn't really see much happening for this one, it's more like a filler, but I will more than make up with the next chapter, which will be much longer. Also, as it'll be a longer chapter, I won't be able get it out to you for a while. It's the big moment when Hop's shop gets raided, and Jason and Ariya take their 'journey to the past'. P.S. Please note that this is, obviously, a fan fic, so I intend to add things here and there that weren't actually part of the movie, for added detail and such. Chapter Two The Bullies ~MK~AT~ Both Jason and I managed to find at least a few things to buy from the shop. Jason bought a couple of DVDs while I found a nice pair of training shoes in my size and in good condition. They fit exceptionally well and Hop's eyes glittered when we made our purchases. Perhaps it was because we had bought something from the shop…or perhaps it was because he knew that I practiced the martial art of his native country. Either way I exited the shop with a bright smile on my face. Minutes later we were out in the crisp fall weather, travelling down a semi-busy sidewalk in downtown Boston. The not-so-friendly part of Boston. I told Jason we should have taken the direct route home, but he insisted on going the long way around. We mostly strolled past appartment buildings, some old, some covered in graffiti. The ground was littered with leaves from nearby trees, old newspaper inserts from a newspaper stand, candy wrappers, empty cigarette boxes and things people around here just didn't have the decency to pick up after they've discarded it. Eww. As we walked, my mind kept wandering back to the incident at the pawn shop. That feeling of ownership as I held that staff in my hands, and the name that suddenly appeared in my head; Hitokiri. Was that the name of someone, or perhaps the staff? I couldn't get what Hop had said about the staff out of my mind either, about the staff belonging to the Jade Princess. First I have dreams about her, then, I hold the actuall staff belonging to her in my hands. What made it all the more confusing was having the feeling it was mine . What was going on here? It didn't make any sense, and it was bothering me like a bad itch...an itch to know...an itch to know what connection the Jade Princess and I had. So help me I will find out...if it kills me. Suddenly, as we continued along the sidewalk, a girl called out Jason's name. I curiously looked around as a dark haired girl walked over to the two of us from behind a circular fence imbedded into a stone wall. Behind her looked like a run down recreation park complete with a cracked and worn basketball court. \"Jason!\" The girl called again as my brother came to a sudden stop. \"Hey. What's up?\" She questioned, eyeing me as I moved to stand beside Jason.\"Who's that?\" Her eyes narrowed as we got closer. Jason looked back to me, then to the dark haired girl, as if worried that we may start a fight or something. When it became evident that Jason wasn't going to say anything, I took the opportunity to introduce myself. \"I'm Ariya, Jason's older sister.\" I said cooly, holding out a hand for the girl to shake. The girl just looked at me, noticing the distinct and unusual starry color of my hair. \"Nice hair.\" She said, not smiling, not taking my hand. \"Thanks.\" I said quietly as I lowered my hand. I was feeling slightly insulted that the girl neither took my hand after I introduced myself nor give her name in return. What was I supposed to call her if she never gave me her name? Tramp? Hey, it's a thought. \"What's up?\" She questioned again, looking back towards Jason and acting like I wasn't even there. I just sighed and leaned up against the wall, half listening to the conversation my brother was having and half keeping an eye out on the activity around us. \"Nothin' much.\" I heard my brother reply to the girl's question, \"Just, y'know, cruisin'.\" He replied, motioning towards his bike. The dark haired girl's eyes narrowed as she looked back towards me. \"Cruisin' wit ya sistah?\" She questioned, obviously making sure that the I was, indeed, his sister. It was silent for a few moments and it was then that I started to feel a little bit out of place. Jason would have a better time flirting with the dark haired girl if I weren't there…but for some reason I couldn't shake the feeling that something was about to happen. \"You've been to Chinatown.\" The girl said, nodding to the basket. Jason's movies and my training shoes were wrapped neatly in a bag. \"What's up with that?\" The girl continued, raising her eyebrows as she waited for Jason to answer her question. \"Oh…uh…\" He stumbled over his words. He was trying to act cool, but since he was still stuck in that kind of awkward phase…it wasn't working too well. \"Kung Fu.\" He blurted out, catching my full attention. What did he know about Kung Fu? It was one of the hardest forms of martial arts to master simply because it, in itself, had several forms and techniques derived from one art. It seemed to do the trick with the girl because she beckoned over a couple of her friends and they 'awed' over his 'knowledge of Kung Fu'. \"Are you serious?\" The same dark haired girl asked as I quietly scoffed to myself. Yeah, he could talk about it all he wanted, but could he even perform half of the techniques he was talking about? I sighed to myself. It wasn't in my nature to be this irritable, but I just couldn't shake the feeling that something was going to happen. Something that was going to change my life all over again…just when I got used to living with Jason and our mother. \"Not supposed to talk about it.\" Jason said nonchalantly. Perhaps he was just trying to cover up his racing heart, but he was doing pretty well for an awkward teenager. \"Not under the Kung Fu Code.\" And then he just blew it. I had been practicing this particular martial art for most of my life and I had never heard of any code. There were certain rules that one had to follow, yes, but it was never called a 'Code'. Suddenly, the bad feeling I had intensified tenfold. I jerked around just as a greaser guy came sauntering up to my brother. I stepped forward, but then paused. I wanted to see how Jason would handle himself in this kind of situation. If it got too rough, then I would step in and kick some ass. \"Hey, look,\" He greeted, the Boston twang floating through his voice as he roughly placed his hands on the handlebars of Jason's bike, \"new kid's makin' time with the hoodsies. J-boy...\" He continued, catching everyone's attention once again. I waited with baited breath…if he laid a hand on my brother then I would shove his hand right up his ass. \"You still ridin' this loser cruiser? You need to get a motor for this shit.\" And with that he grabbed the bags with stuff from Lu Yan's Shop – Hop's shop was still named after his grandfather – and started rifling through it. \"What we got here?\" He questioned, staring at the DVDs and the training shoes with a dumbfounded expression on his face. \"Just some bootlegs, no big deal.\" Jason stuttered out. It was time that I cut in. Those shoes belonged to me, after all. I paid for them fair and square. \"Excuse me.\" I said, calmly. The greaser boy turned and immediately smirked. Oh, you are so barking up the wrong tree with me buddy. \"Yeah, sweetheart?\" He answered, lowering the DVDs. I smiled sweetly at him, despitey distaste and Jason's attempts at pushing me behind him. I lightly jerked my arm out of his grasp. \"I believe those shoes belong to me.\" I said, nodding my head towards the training shoes. I snatched them from the greaser's grasp and tried to get the DVD's, but the greaser boy anticipated my movements and pulled away. \"Enter the Dragon? The Bride with White Hair?\" He questioned, reading the titles as he smoothly moved away from my reaching fingers. \"Yeah…it's actually very good.\" Jason began, but he was cut off when another one of the greaser boys knocked him off of the bike. \"Hey!\" I exclaimed. \"Hey, let him go!\" One of the girls commented as the dark haired girl only smirked. \"Yeah, don't. He knows Kung Fu.\" She said, and at this comment my eyebrow started to twitch. Why in the seven levels of hell did this girl decide to egg the greaser boy on? As I stood staring at the smirking dark haired girl, the greaser boy decided to start a fight with my little brother. \"What? You think you're Chinese?\" He taunted, coming forward and getting up in Jason's face. I stepped forward and got in the boy's way. He narrowed his eyes as he disregarded me like I was nothing of a threat. \"You hangin' out with the Chink's in C-town? What's up with you?\" He continued, backing Jason into a corner as he shoved me out of the way. I growled – nobody manhandled me like that. \"Let's see some. Come on.\" He lightly slapped Jason in the face with his own hands. \"Come on. Let's see some Kung Fu, eh? Kung Fu master.\" He continued laughing as if he were having a grand time making fun of the teenager in front of him. Jason was utterly mortified and I had had enough. \"That's enough.\" I said quietly, glaring at the boys. They either ignored me or they just didn't hear me. \"Huh? Huh? Want some Tai Kwan Do?\" He then moved as he was going to walk away before suddenly performing a roundhouse kick. He kicked Jason in the chest and he went flying back into the concrete wall, winded. I was fuming. \"That's enough!\" I yelled as I dashed forward. Nobody beat up on my brother. Nobody. I slid in front of Jason as the greaser guy was going to perform a second kick – this time to Jason's head – and I caught his leg, twisting it so that he was thrown to the ground. He tried to kick my legs out from underneath me, but I just leapt out of the way, twisting to the side to avoid his feet. \"You want Kung Fu? You'll get Kung Fu.\" I growled at the guy before I dashed forward. He had gotten to his feet only to be knocked down by a roundhouse kick of my own. \"Hey! You do anything else to Lupo and J-boy'll get it!\" Another greaser exclaimed in a slightly frightened manner. I turned around and eyes narrowed as I saw that the second boy had Jason in his grasp. I sighed, not wanting anything else to happen to my brother. I released my fighting stance and stood up straight, glaring at the greaser boys. \"Yo, Lupo. They're hangin' out with that old chink who cashes checks.\" The second boy said as he showed 'Lupo', their 'leader', the bag the movies and shoes came in. \"You in tight with the old man?\" Lupo asked us, still slightly winded from my kick. I refused to say anything and Jason was too terrified to say anything, but it was then that my bad feeling from earlier suddenly made sense. Lupo was planning to do something horrible, and Hop was going to be the helpless victim, and what could an old man do against an ornery teenager? Nothing, that's what, and I didn't like this. Not one little bit.[Chapter 4] A/N: I got this done A LOT quicker than I had anticipated! Woohoo! So, as promised, this is a much longer chapter. Enjoy! PureAngelEyes: Already had it planned! ;) Thanks for the wonderful reviews! X) Chapter Three The Raiding of Hop's Shop ~MK~AT~ I frowned heavily as I was shoved forward. I would have turned around to give the one who shoved me a piece of my mind, but I was mindful of the fact that my brother and I were being held at gunpoint. Lupo had followed us home after our little tessle down town, and he threatened that if we didn't meet him out in the ally across the street at nine, he would break in and reek havoc in the likes of which we have never seen before. Pppfffttt. Please, what a waste of time; but since our mother was home, Jason and I thought it best she not get involved, that is until it was too late. When Lupo pulled his gun there was no hope of running back into the building to call the police, so we had no choice but to go with him. It's a good thing we told our mother we were headed to the movies with 'friends', otherwise she'd worry and come looking for us...with a band of police cars behind her. Mom's do tend to worry sometimes, and overreact, too. It had taken quite a while to lead them to Hop's shop. Jason and I had silently agreed to make the goons as lost and confused as possible, they were too stupid to remember their way from this morning, and in the dark as well – it was our hope that they would somehow get bored or lose interest and disappear so we could run to home. But, that was before the lead goon had threatened Jason by shoving the gun to my temple. My brother had screamed like a wounded puppy, pleading with Lupo not to hurt me. I can't say that I was disappointed in him. We didn't even know that the other existed until a few years ago. It was common sense that Jason didn't want to lose me now, to Lupo of all people, and I didn't want to lose my little brother either. We were pushed and yanked back to our feet many times during our little trip to Hop's shop. I'd lost count how many times I wanted to rip someone's arm off, but I couldn't. Shame. But I didn't want to take the chance that my brother could be hurt. \"Just shut up and do it.\" Lupo hissed quietly as we approached the back door of Hop's shop. I grunted angrily and managed to stomp on the foot of the guy holding me, but with one look at the gun tucked away in Lupo's belt I settled down again. I did, however, cross my arms and refuse to talk to any of them. \"It's late, man.\" Jason said in a nervous and pleading tone. He didn't know what was going to happen, but he could tell that it was going to be something horrible. \"He's probably gone home.\" He, of course, was lying to Lupo. Hop couldn't go home, his home was here, in the shop. Hop had told me long ago he had fashioned himself a bedroom at the back of the shop, so he didn't have to walk far to get to it. Lupo just glared at Jason and jerked his at me to move to the front, then jerking his head again for Jason to knock on the door. He did so and there was no sound for a couple of moments. \"He's most likely sleeping.\" I bit out in a defiant tone. I hated men like Lupo – he reminded me of that man from my dreams...that Warlord to be precise. After a few more moments of silence, Jason turned to the thugs. \"He's not here.\" He pleaded again with sad eyes, \"Let's just go.\" But as he said this, the sound of a lock scraping away from its old hinges reached our ears, and my heart sank. The door opened to reveal a chain and a withered old face. Oh, Hop, why couldn't you have been sleeping? \"Who's there?\" Hop questioned, squinting his eyes. He could barely see to begin with, but the night air made it worse. He took in a deep breath, smelling the air and listening for sounds. \"Ah…Kung Fu boy? Lotus Flower?\" He called out finally. Hop called me Lotus Flower a lot because of the perfume I wore. He must have recognized it. It was my favorite and I always wore it...in fact I had some in my bag right now. I'm surprised Lupo didn't go for the bag when he saw me. He must have known better. \"I told you, best prices in Chinatown.\" He laughed in a soft tone, not knowing that we had company. Lupo and his goons were standing far enough away that he could not see them. \"Come in. Want some tea?\" I sighed. Hop always made the best green tea. Sometimes he even put in a little ginseng and honey just for me even though it wasn't his favorite. Hop was something like a grandfather, or uncle I never had, an eccentric one at that. Jason went through the door when Hop finished fumbling with the chain. I, however, resisted until one of the goons literally shoved me through the door. The goons followed in after me, and Hop still hadn't noticed. \"Red Sox game is on.\" He said in his dearly beloved gravelly voice. \"Yankees are winning. Very bad.\" The old man bent down to fiddle with the teacups when he hesitated, titled his head, analyzing. He could tell something was wrong now, but I knew he had to play dumb for the sake my brother and I. I couldn't help the tears that started to well in my eyes. I felt guilty for the whole situation. If it weren't for Lupo's gun we would all be safe in our beds. \"Who's with you?\" Hop questioned, looking up with a soft smile. His eyes were looking out into the distance, a sure sign of his near blindness, \"Friends?\" But they were not friends. Hop frowned at me when a small sob escaped my lips. \"Where d'ya keep the cash?\" Lupo growled as he shoved me to the side, ramming me against the wall. I caught myself in time before I did a face plant, and that's when I saw them. The two staff's from earlier, and even in the low light from Hop's television, they glowed. Hop turned around in confusion, not having been in this situation before. Lupo rushe forward and grabef the front of the old man's pajamas. He walks Hop back and rams him into a dresser, shaking him for good measure. I screwed my eyes shut – I couldn't bear watching this for another second. \"I said: where do you keep the cash?\" Lupo growled again, not in the mood for playing games. He shook the old man once again for good measure, but everyone was transfixed by the goon's attitude. \"Please.\" Hop pleaded with the man not to hurt him or to destroy his shop, but, of course, Lupo wouldn't listen to him. \"Come on, old man!\" Lupo exclaimed, his patience clearly wearing thin. He turned around at a noise that one of his henchmen made, glaring at Jason and I. \"Stay here.\" He ordered us, sending a smirk my way. Jason had moved from his standing position to stand by me, a hand on my shoulder. I was seething, ready to tear Lupo to pieces if it weren't for that blasted gun! Hop looked beseechingly at the two of us while we looked on helplessly. Suddenly Hop slithered to the side, quite quickly for an old man, and picked up the golden staff. He winked at me, and I reached up and grabbed the other from its stand. I smiled wistfully before moving to the other room, Hop right behind me. \"Ariya, no! What are you doing?\" Jason hissed. I ignored him, however, and crept up behind one of the hooligans. \"Hey…found ya X-box…\" He said, completely unaware I was there. At the same time, Hop and I smashed our respective staffs into the head of our target, but what I didn't expect was that Lupo would actually fire his gun. He shot Hop right in the chest, then directed the gun at me. Before I could even blink I was hit in the shoulder. I managed to stumble back to Jason as the old man fell into my arms. \"Hop!\" \"Ariya...Hop! Oh no...\" Jason looked like he was going to burst into tears, especially when he saw the blood soaked skin of my shoulder. Lupo looked slightly shocked that he had used the gun, but his followers were definitely taken aback. \"Jesus, Lupo!\" One of them exclaimed, looking like he wanted to go over and help them. \"What the hell, man?\" Another yelled, glaring at his 'leader.' \"You shot them!\" The third looked appalled that Lupo shot an old man and a woman. While Lupo was getting yelled at by his comrades, I took the opportunity to check Hop's wound. It looked like it might have missed his heart, and if he survived he'd be a luck man, especially if he survives at his age. \"Oh, Hop, I'm so sorry for this!\" I whimpered, tenderly placing a hand at his hair line, tears shedding everywhere. \"Take it…\" He wheezed, suddenly, taking my hand in one of his wrinkled ones, shoving the golden staff in Jason's hands. He smiled at me before turning back to Jason. \"Must return to rightful owner…run…run!\" Finally, Jason looked up at Lupo, hate in his eyes. \"You didn't see that, yo. You didn't see that!\" Lupo shouted as he started towards us. We looked at each other before taking off, hoping that someone had heard the gun shot and called the police; and an ambulance would come for Hop. ~MK~AT~ \"Jason! Don't worry about me, just run!\" I exclaimed as he tried to help me up after I had tripped and fallen. I found myself suddenly out of breath. The gun shot wound was ailling me, and each step I took sent piercing pain throughout my body. I heard the goons running not far behind. I couldn't remember a time when I had been so scared – not for my own safety, but for the safety of my brother. Lupo would probably shoot me again on the spot, but he would take his time torturing my brother. And even then…he would probably shoot Jason just to make sure he wouldn't go to the police. Yes, it was safe to say that I was extremely scared for my brother's well being. I pushed Jason away, tried to get him to continue on without me, but it seems he was refusing to leave me behind. \"If you think I'm going to leave you here to die, then you're out of your mind,\" he said, grabbing me under my arm and hoisting me up with more strength than I thought possible for him. \"Now let's go, sis. We're both getting out of this.\" I had to smile at him. Wherever this bravery came from I hope it stuck. On we went, until we found a door leading to the alley way. I opened the door and shoved Jason through in front of me and kicked the door shut in one fluid movement. It would give us a few precious seconds while Lupo had to open the door once again. \"Don't look back, just run!\" I shrieked again as I pushed my brother on. If I knew that I would have to run this much today, I would have dressed in one ofy training outfits. Well, actually, if I knew I would have to be doing this much running, I wouldn't have agreed to go down town near the park. I should have made Jason pedal directly home. \"You little shits!\" We heard Lupo yell from behind the door. If it had been any other situation, I would have either laughed or I would have kicked Lupo's ass for cussing at us...just for the fun of it. \"Don't stop!\" I gasped out. My arm was throbbing and the material of my clothing had been dyed a bright red, but I didn't let that distract me. We darted across the alley and burst through another door in the next building. We rounded stair case after stair case, Lupo and his crew not far behind, until we came to another door. This one opened to the roof. We ran through, shutting the door behind us, and suddenly we realized there was nowhere else to run. So we skidded to a halt at the edge of the building. \"Jason, you have to jump.\" I said, pointing to the building beside us. \"No.\" He refused, shaking his head, bent over, hands on his knees, out of breath, \"There is no way...that I'm going to make... that jump...and I'm not leaving you behind.\" He continued, but by then our chance had gone. Lupo and his gang were behind us and he was pointing his gun. We were at a dead end. \"Lupo, man, c'mon…just don't!\" Jason pleaded. He cowered with the staff held in front of him. It was as if he were hoping that Lupo would stop just because he wielded the staff. Lupo, however, was too angry to be talked to. He wouldn't see reason even when the I came forward to talk reason with him. \"Lupo…you know we won't talk.\" I started, dizziness hitting me rapidly, but the head gangster just started to stalk closer to us. His hand still held the gun, but it was trembling. It was like he was both furious and terrified of the situation. \"You didn't see nothin'.\" The lead gangster calmly stated as he came to a halt in front of us. I made sure that I was in front of my brother just in case Lupo went to shoot him. \"Lupo…we didn't see anything. We promise.\" I said cautiously, \"You already shot me. I understand that this is serious.\" I said with one hand releasing my staff and coming up to calmly say that I meant no harm. \"Hey, calm down, Lupo.\" One of his cronies said, eyes darting to my injured shoulder. \"Hey, chill man, c'mon.\" Another said, \"Put the gun do…\" He was cut off by Lupo. \"Shut up!\" He exclaimed, eyes looking around wildly, \"Maybe I pulled the trigger, but we're all in this together!\" He continued to shout, waving his gun around. We were all incredibly lucky that it didn't accidentally fire. \"But this little cockroach…he aint one of us…and his sister is a right pain in the ass!\" He said. It was right after that that something stirred in the air. It was mystical feeling – one I had felt before. I didn't know where I had felt it before, but it was just so familiar! Suddenly, out of the corner of my eye, I saw a strange glint. It was like time slowed down in the normal realm. Lupo and his cronies froze, but Jason was being pushed back by some unseen forced, with him was the golden staff, pressed securely against his chest. \"Ariya…what…what's going on?\" Jason managed to gasp out as he was pushed backwards. His feet got caught on the edge of the building and the next thing either of us knew was that he had been pushed over the edge. My eyes widened with fear, and my heart began to race. \"Jason!\" I screamed, jerking forward to see if I could catch my brother's hand. All of a sudden had a strange sense of déjà vu – I remembered falling off of something of great height and then…someone had been both reaching and screaming for me. I reached out for his hand, but our fingers barely touched. Jason's eyes widened as he let out a mighty scream, but right before he hit the ground his body disappeared. Actually, it didn't look like his body disappeared. His body turned transparent and was absorbed into the ground in a smoky, hazy mass in the matter of seconds. Time speed forward once again, and I found myself alone with Lupo and his group. \"Whoa, whoa! Where'd the punk go?\" Lupo exclaimed as the rest of them peered over the edge of the building. \"He's gone.\" I whispered, not believing what I just saw. Was it even possible for my brother to just disappear like that? That stuff only happened in like…movies, books, and comics…dreams...right? \"Whaddya mean he's 'gone'?\" Lupo growled at me, pushing me out of the way from the edge of the building. With tears in my eyes, I took my chance and ran back through the door and down the stairs. I felt strangely at peace when she heard the goon's yelling for me. I only managed to make it through two more doors, up another, higher, flight of stairs, across three roofs, and a fire escape before I was cornered once again. \"Now, girl. I'm tired with you!\" Lupo wheezed out, pointing the gun at me in a shaking hand, \"Gimme one good reason why I shouldn't shoot you.\" He said. I just looked at him with a sad expression. If I was shot, there would be a possible chance that I would have a long and painful death. Then there was the option of jumping off the roof… And that was what I decided. The goons behind me yelled and Lupo shouted, not believing that I would actually jump off a roof, but I stepped up on top of the guard rail. I gave Lupo one last smile, one I hoped would haunt him for the rest of his life. Then, I spread my arms wide, my staff still in one hand, and leaned back into the wind. I closed my eyes, expecting a painful impact and death, or a slow death by landing on something, but I felt nothing. \"My dearest,\" a voice said, \"it is time to come home.\" And then all I saw was a flash of light and felt a sharp pain in my chest. Then all I knew was darkness...and silence.[Chapter 5] ~Heart don't fail me now. Courage don't desert me. Don't turn back now that we're here. People always say, life is full of choices. No one ever mentions fear; or how a road can seem so long, how the world can seem so vast. Courage see me through. Heart I'm trusting you, on this journey to the past.~ Chapter Four Lu Yan's Story ~MK~AT~ After a journey of pain, a rush of emotions, and the strange sensation of slipping through something cold and warm at the same time, I gasped and sat straight up \"What?\" I murmured to herself, touching my head, it was pounding. I looked around, surprised to find myself in an old wooden hut. There was a fine layer of dust surrounding everything and when I moved the dust coating the bed shot up everywhere. After sneezing a few good times, I decided to look around. The hut was small, slightly rotted and musty, with just enough room for one person. A small table sat beside the bed, and it appeared whoever lived here hadn't been here in a while. So why am I here? More importantly, How did I get here? Pushing the thought aside for the moment, I stood up and crept towards the door with trepidation. When I opened it my mouth dropped in utter shock. \"Oh, my.\" I whispered as an ocean of green met my eyes. Mountains, fields, both swarming with lush green grass. They were very similar to the ones I saw in my dream, and I felt a twinge in my stomach as another round of déjà vu hit me. It was then I realized that I wasn't wearing the dress that I originally had on. Instead, I was wearing traditional Chinese fighting clothes. My top was black with a silver dragon design on the back and the pants I wore were loose with silver outlines, and traditional black shoes were in my feet. My shoulder was wrapped snuggly with cloth to make it more comfortable for me to move around. On the chair next to the table – the one place that was somehow devoid of dust – was an ornamental coat made of fine black silk with intricate vine-like decorations embroidered in silver along the edges of the sleeves and opening. On top of the neatly folded coat, there was a small circlet. Another, more intense surge of déjà vu struck not only my gut, but my heart as well. I knew these items, especially the circlet. The leaf decorations that were on the circlet matched the small jade leaves I kept safe on a ribbon around my neck, but there was no third leaf. Was Hop mistaken in thinking there was one? Either way, I slipped the circlet in the inner pocket of the coat and put the coat on. That's when I saw a glint out the corner of my eye. It was the staff...the staff of the Jade Princess. It was leaning against the chair, and next to it, slung across the back, was my bag. I grabbed it and slung it over my good shoulder. My bag was fairly large, with a button flap to close it, and it was hand made...by me. It was made with a sturdy cotton material, and it was black. Good, it went with my clothes. At least it won't stick out. I grabbed the staff and headed out the door. Now, if I could just figure out where my brother was...…wait...never mind. I didn't have to wonder long as I heard a high pitched scream that sounded strangely like my brother if he had been female. Ha! I turned in time to see Jason running for his life down a worn and beaten path away from a gang of armor clad horsemen. I also spotted another figure approaching from the other direction. It was a man, and he seemed to be unconscious, riding on the back of a donkey...backwards. Without thinking, I ran down to where my brother was defending himself quite badly. I pushed myself to go faster, making it in time to see the horsemen shove their swords in his face. \"Jason!\" I exclaimed skidding to a halt in front of him. I swung my staff into a defensive position in front of me as my brother clung to both the golden staff and the back of my coat. \"Who are you and what do you want with my brother?\" I spat out, glaring at the surprised faces of the warriors dressed in armor. \"You, woman! Identify yourself!\" The one with the fanciest helmet demanded as he pointed his sword at my face. \"I asked you first.\" I demanded with a serious expression. I glared at the warriors as hard as I could, but apparently it didn't phase any of them. \"We are loyal warriors of the Jade Warlord. Now state your name and business, peasant!\" \"My name is Ariya, and my business is of my own. My brother and I want no trouble. Now why don't you let us pass and be on our way.\" I said with confidence, but my head was screaming with panic and fear. I was praying my boldness didn't get us into trouble. \"What was that?\" Jason questioned, pulling back to stare at me. He couldn't understand the others, but he understood me loud and clear. The warriors on top of the horses looked at each other, shocked beyond belief, possibly because I, a woman, stood my ground. \"Such insolence could warrant an arrest. You will state your business or face the consequences, child!\" The lead warrior snarled, pulling his sword back and getting ready to strike at a moment's notice. \"If you want to arrest me, come and claim me.\" I hissed back, jerking back to avoid the sword at the last minute. They didn't need to know our details, it would be too hard to explain even if I wanted to. I pushed Jason down to the ground to avoid the blades of the other warriors and brought my staff up to crush the throat of the man above me, but there was no way that I was going to be able to fight seven or eight men with weapons, especially when I was trying to protect my brother at the same time. Fortunately, I didn't have to. The man that I saw riding the donkey backwards had fallen off and woken up. He drank something from a jug and smiled, stumbling towards us. He approached one of the soldiers and said, \"Please sirs, some money for this poor drunkard.\" But the soldier grimaced and yelled, \"Get lost, old man!\" And the soldier kicked the drunk, but the drunk caught the soldiers foot and yanked him down off his horse and to the ground. He then hit the one that had been threatening my brother and I, instigating a fight between all of them. He fought back and I jumped into the fray after telling Jason to stay back. Soon enough, all of the warriors were down and out and the mysterious drunk stumbled towards us. \"Where did you get those staff's?\" He said, pointing to the golden staff in Jason's hands, and to the one in mine, \"Where did you find them?\" \"What?\" Jason asked before I could reply. \"Can you not understand me?\" The drunk questioned, raising an eyebrow. \" I can't understand you .\" Jason replied, putting emphasis on each word. The drunk sighed and concentrated for a minute. \"That's because you are not listening!\" The drunk exclaimed and this time, evident by my brother's shock, I could tell that he could understand. Suddenly, Jason pointed behind us and shouted, \"Look out!\" The drunk and I turned to see one of the soldiers sneaking up on us, and the drunk jumped, kicked his foot out and hit the soldier square in the chest, sending him flying backwards. The drunk, Jason and I hopped on horses belonging to the unconscious soldiers and took off. I was relieved to say the least. That was enough adventure for one day I think, and for Jason too, I'm sure. Soon enough Jason, the drunk and I ended up in a fairly large tea house...complete with a brothel in the back. How lovely. Just what my fifteen year old brother needed to be exposed to. Good thing we had no reason to go in there. Yeesh. The tea house was so relaxing, and gentle music could be heard flowing through the air, calming the otherwise excitable and near-panicking Jason. In the corner of the second floor, three women were dancing in very little clothing…or at least, it would be considered little clothing in China. Their bellies, shoulders, and arms were showing. Interesting source of entertainment. I sat with my brother, facing the drunk who seemed to recognize the staff's. \"I don't know where we are,\" Jason complained to the drunk, \"or how we got here…or who those guys were who wanted to kill us.\" Jason continued, motioning towards himself and I. \"But whatever you did back there was sick.\" Oh, brother . \"No. Drunken Fist.\" My eyes darted towards the drunk. He was sitting in a relaxed position and seemed to be enjoying quite a bit of wine. I didn't know exactly what kind it was – if we were in Japan she would have called it Sake if it were made of rice. \"Secret Kung Fu of the south. I'm Lu Yan, traveling scholar.\" He continued as he chewed on some food and lifted his glass of wine to his lips. \"What land do you come from, Monk? And you, woman? You dress of high ranking.\" If it had been a less serious situation Ariya would have laughed. There was no way that Jason could actually pull off being a monk, and as for me? I wasn't royalty...was I? The connection of my dreams about the Jade Princess and me raised a lot of questions, but I wasn't her. I just couldn't be. But hey, they're just dreams...right? Although, the resemblance between us was uncanny. Same height, same build, same... hair . Plus, she was from this time, I wasn't. \"I'm not a monk.\" Jason laughed as he pointed to himself. \"My name is Jason…Jason Tripitikas from south Boston.\" Then he turned to me, \"This is my big sister, Ariya.\" The mentioning of my name seemed to spark a bit of recognition in Lu Yan's eyes, and it made me a bit uneasy. \"Is this a dream?\" Jason asked, leaning forward as he looked at the scholar's eyes. I snorted and smacked her brother on the back of the head. \"No, doofus.\" I said with a roll of my eyes. \"No. Where you came from is the dream,\" Lu Yan explained, \"through the Gate of No Gate.\" \"What, is that a wormhole or something?\" Jason asked. My eyebrow twitched as I stared pointedly at him. \"He's not going to know what a wormhole is, little brother.\" I told him. \"No. It means that either you are a Zen Master… or you carry something very special.\" Lu Yan said, pointing to the two staff's. \"These? You know where we got these. They were waiting in a pawn shop, waiting for someone to,\" Jason paused as he saw the look in Lu Yan's eyes, \"…return it to its rightful owner. What?\" Jason asked, looking between his sister and the man sitting in front of him. \"It's long been foretold that a Seeker will come to return the staff's and end the reign of the Jade Warlord.\" Lu Yan said. \"Return the staff to who?\" Jason asked, becoming totally engrossed in the story that Lu Yan was telling us. \"The Monkey King.\" Lu replied, taking another swig of wine. My eyebrows twitched again. The Monkey King? The one from my dreams? Hmmm...interesting. \"Born of stone, on the Mountain of Fruit and Flowers, with his weapon in hand, his Chi became like fire. His stick fighting like magic. He defied order of the land, but the Jade Army could not defeat him. The Monkey King crushed every soldier sent to stop him. With his magical staff, he was unbeatable. Word of his disobedience travelled deep within the Forbidden Kingdom – to the Five Elements Mountain, Land of the Immortals. Once every five hundred years the Jade Emperor hosts the Peach Banquet, but this particular year was special. The Jade Princess had come back to the palace after being sent away for her safety.\" My eyes widened slightly as Lu Yan sent me a pointed look, \"It was there that the Heavenly Ministers gather to celebrate their longevity and drink the Elixir of Immortality. One sip of this heavenly brew will give everlasting life, free from mortal suffering and desire.\" He said with a strange sparkle in his eye, \"Into the banquet, the Monkey King crashed, uninvited, except by the Princess' request. She and the Monkey King had developed a strong bond after her return. The Jade Emperor, the Princess' father, was enchanted by the Monkey King, but the Jade Warlord was not amused. As master of the army, he demanded that the Monkey King bow down to him. ' He is a bit unrefined, that's all ,' the Emperor said, ' Give the naughty monkey a title, and let him go. ' Satisfied that all was well, in Heaven and Earth, the supremely high Emperor left to begin his five hundred years meditation, leaving the Jade Warlord in charge by Mandate of Heaven. But, rather than obey the Jade Emperor's command, the Warlord had the Princess kidnapped and challenged the Monkey King to a duel. It was because the Monkey King and the Princess had fallen in love, while the Warlord wanted her for himself...for her body. High upon Five Elements Mountain, in the Warlord's Palace, the battle of immortals was fought to prove once and for all whose skills were supreme. They fought, staff against staff, but the Warlord could not beat him. ' Most excellent stick fighting, Sun Wukong, but without your weapon you are nothing but a lowly hermit,' the Warlord taunted the Monkey King, ' No more weapons. No more Chi magic. Fist against fist .' The Monkey King was too trusting and believed the Warlord's words, laying down his magic weapon. Once his guard was down, the Warlord murdered the Jade Princess, unleashing a hidden blade into her heart. Realizing he had been tricked, the Monkey King cast his staff, and the staff of his beloved, out into the Middle Kingdom. The Jade Warlord used his Chi magic, and being immortal, the Monkey King could not be killed, only trapped in stone, where he waits for the seeker from the prophecy to return to him his fine weapon and finally free him. That's what I heard anyway, a long time ago. \" I had been listening to the story with rapt attention. My dreams, every one of them, told from the mouth of a man I had never met...a man a few thousand years before my time. I was beginning to feel very uneasy, and my eyes started to burn as I began to realize that maybe the Jade Princess and I were truly one in the same. I just needed more information, more time to figure it out...and I needed it fast before my brother caught on. If I really am the Jade Princess, then that would mean only one of us would be going home. ~MK~AT~ A/N: So! What's the diagnosis? Was it good? I hope it wasn't to hard to follow! Lu's story was hard to put together, but there you have it. ;) Thanks so much to those of you who continue to read and review! A great big whopping thanks and giant hug goes to my bestie SerendipityAEY for never failing to review on my stories, even if it's a fandom she doesn't know about. Speaking of which, SHAME on you for not knowing The Forbidden Kingdom! Haha! :P You should watch the movie though. It really is spectacular! You would understand this story a lot better that's for sure! XD[Chapter 6] A/N: And so another chapter is born! This one is short because it's meant to be a filler, even though it is part of the movie. The title is based on the movie \"Rumble In the Bronx\" which is a Jackie movie and one of my faves...well, I love ALL of Jackie's movies. XD PureAngelEyes: It's funny you mention Lu putting two and two together. We must be kindred spirits because we seem to be thinking the same way. Haha! So, just for you, I've put a little of Lu's POV to give his thoughts on the matter. And as for the Silent Monk, I think that answer is obvious. ;) Hope you enjoy this chapter and thanks for being and avid reviewer! It means more than you know. SerendipityAEY: I'm holding you to it! You MUST let me know what you think when you see it. X) ~MK~AT~ Chapter Five Rumble In the Tea House ~Lu Yan's POV~ In all my years, of all the different versions of the story I've heard, never once was there a reaction quite so profound than the ones from these two siblings. Jason and his sister...Ariya. The look on her face as I told the story had said it all: she was the fabled Jade Princess. It was evident in her eyes when she held the Princess' staff, Hitokiri, in her hands, the way she became entranced by it when she looked at it, the smoothness of her movement as she executed perfect blows during battle. The staff seemed to belong in her hands, flowed flawlessly around her without a hitch, no doubt a result of the Monkey King's tutelage. Yes, I truly believed the Jade Princess has returned, but she did not seem to realize who she was. In fact, she appeared to be completely oblivious. However, the inquisitive look on her face after I had finished, would suggest otherwise. There she sat, staring down at her hands, lost in thought, confusion set in the arch of her brow. I watched her intently, her silver hair, another indication that she was the lost Princess, shimmering in the dim light of the tea house like diamonds. I studied her closer. Her eyes were the color of jade...how interesting. Such innocence. I, surprisingly, felt bad for her, for the journey that laid before her, for the responsibility that rested on her shoulders. Even now she was feeling the pressure, exhaustion threatening to consume her, and my mission became clear. I must protect the Jade Princess and aid her in the rescue of the Monkey King. If only she knew the fate of the Middle Kingdom relied on that success. ~Ariya's POV~ It was killing me. The thought of staying behind, saying good bye to my brother was killing me. Of course, I wasn't necessarily sure I would be, but still, it bothered me. I sat there quietly, looking down at my lap as Jason and Lu ate. It surprised me that I had very little appetite after our ordeal. You'd think time traveling to ancient China and fighting for your life would leave you starving, but not me. Sure I nibbled here and there, but I suppose I had more on my mind than filling my stomach. \"How long has he been imprisoned?\" My brother asked suddenly, snapping me from my thoughts. \"Five hundred years.\" Lu said as he drank more wine, \"Give or take a few decades. They say when the Monkey King is free the Jade Emperor will return, along with the Jade Princess.\" \"How do we get home?\" \"Do you really want to go home, Jason?\" I asked him. Jason didn't know it then, but I didn't know if I wanted to return home. If we were successful in our mission, and I really am the Jade Princess, then I wanted to stay here with the Monkey King. Besides Jason and our mother, I had nothing in the other world. \"You must return the staff to Five Elements Mountain.\" Lu said, leaning forward so that Jason could hear him, \"You must free the Monkey King.\" \"I can't free the Monkey King. We gotta get home.\" Jason said, ignoring my former comment. He still thought that I would do whatever he wanted me to do. It was true when we were living in our time, back in the United States. \"Innkeeper!\" Lu called, holding up his jug, \"More wine.\" \"Jeeze, don't you think you've had one too many?\" Jason said, gaping at the man sitting in front of him. \"Wine is my inspiration. In some parts I am known as a poet. Gambei.\" He said, saluting us, and gulping down his wine. Shortly after, the owner came over with their bill, and Lu continued, \"In other parts, I'm known as the beggar.\" He pushed the little tray with the bill on it towards us. Jason and I searched our clothing. Jason only had American money. He put a couple of bills of American money on top of the bill and smiled nervously at the owner. Lu nodded, encouragingly, as the owner looked at him with a strange expression. The owner got up and spoke to a woman, most likely his wife, before he spotted a few Jade Soldiers walking his way. The owner rushed over to them and started to explain the situation. \"What do we do?\" Jason asked in a frantic voice. I grabbed my staff, ready for a fight while Lu questioned my brother in his Kung Fu skills. Jason blanched and the other man misinterpreted his answer. \"Ah, he who speaks does not know. He who knows does not speak. Surely, you are a master of Fu.\" He said with a grin before the three of us rose. The soldiers approached us with a no-nonsense attitude. \"Where did you get that from?\" The guard asked, motioning to Jason's staff. The staff of the Monkey King. \"It's fake. You can find anything nowadays on the Silk Road.\" Lu tried to fib, but the guard was not having any of it. \"Out of my way, old fool.\" He said, pushing Lu out of the way. \"Hand it over.\" The guard then said to Jason. \"Leave him alone.\" I said, but the guard just backhanded me across the cheek. I admit, I was not been expecting that. I was not used to how men acted in ancient China after I had been living in the United States for the longest time. \"Hand over the weapon or die.\" The guard said again. This time he was actually threatening the us. He slowly withdrew his sword and I stepped closer to my brother. With a look from Lu, Jason threw him the staff. He, in turn, threw the wine bottle at the guard. He caught it with a surprised look and Lu Yan took the opportunity to smash the staff in the guard's face. He kicked the table up and it hit another guard in the face. I pulled my brother behind me and used my staff to hit three guards in the face and chest. I kicked up and hit another one in the back, pushing him into three other guards. I didn't like this – I was not used to fighting in such closed spaces. It was too crowded here and I was worried that other innocent people would get hurt. Jason huddled in the corner as Lu picked up the jug containing his alcohol. He threw it in a guard's face, catching it as it rebounded. \"Go!\" I exclaimed as I pushed him down the stairs. He stopped short, and I ran into him. He fell forward, but I caught the back of his shirt, falling forward as well until Lu Yan caught the back of my coat. He pulled us back just in time for Jason to not have his face slashed through. Jason landed on a small table as Lu kicked the guards back down the stairs. I kicked a guard in the face and punched one in the stomach before stabbing one in the side with my staff. Lu Yan and I made a great team. Pretty cool as far as I'm concerned. Lu continued to fight with the Monkey King's staff while Jason crouched behind him. Suddenly, by accident, Lu pushed Jason off of the landing they were on. I screamed and tried to help my brother back onto the landing, but I, along with Lu were forced to jump down to the lower level. I bit my lip. This wasn't going good at all.[Chapter 7] Dear Readers, No, this isn't a message to say I've quit the story. Heavens no! This is a message to let you all know that I haven't forgotten it. But being a single mom with a job that requires sorting through large pallets of bulk foods, organizing, and situating orders takes A LOT out of me. But never fear, this story is too much fun and wonderfull to leave unfinished, and I'm making it my first protity until it's done. I've been working on the next chapter as much as I can and I'm pleased to say that it almost done! :D All my other stories have been put on hiatus, and I will complete it if it kills me...mentally that is. Haha. :P This message is also to recognize all you wonderful people who followed, favorited, and reviewed. It means more than words can tell. Y'all are my motivation, inspiration and drive when it comes to this. So thank you from the bottom of my heart. You guys rock! Before I close this, I just wanted to put out there that I am more than willing to take suggestions for further chapters. If you have something you'd like to see happen, perhaps something funny happens to Jason, or what have you, just let me know in a review or you can PM me. As a bonus I'll mention the idea originator in the A/N, and give a shout out/deication. Thanks again peeps! Shadow[Chapter 8] A/N: Well, here it is! Sorry it took me so long to get this posted, but like I said my work has been chaotic. Remember, things in this story won't be exactly the same as in the movie. Some small details will either be changed, switched around, or not used at all. Just the small things now. I didn't receive any reviews for my 'Authors Note' chapter, but I still go by what I said. If you have any ideas you'd like to see, or something that happened in the movie you'd like to see do.e a different way, just let me know. Enjoy! ~MK~AT~ Chapter Six Escape ~MK~AT~ Lu and I landed on the lower landing with ease. I looked around searching for signs of my brother, but he was no where to be seen. Panic started to race through my blood. Then I suddenly heard a muffled cry above me. Looking up, I saw Jason hanging on the railing for dear life. Oh, good gravy did he ever get himself in a pickle. It was actually kinda funny and I had to fight the giggle that bubbled up from within me. \"Jason, you're going to have to let go!\" I called up to him. Lu, who was standing next to me, heard my words and looked up, but before he could respond Jason lost his grip and plummeted towards us, landing smack on top of Lu. Down to the ground they both went, Jason laying there with a look of utter shock on his face. I barely had time to breathe a sigh of relief when more of the Jade Soldiers came barreling towards us. I watched as Lu tossed Jason off of him and into a group of soldiers. \"Protect yourself!\" Lu shouted as he tossed the staff into Jason's hands when he stood up. So, the three of us battled on, Jason more or less swinging the staff in frantic, desperate motions as he screamed like a maniac. I, however, kept my cool and took on soldiers one by one. I swung my staff around, knocking one soldier on the head and jabbing another in the stomach. Two other soldiers came at me, and I jumped and kicked both my feet out, knocking them both down. To my left I saw Lu helping Jason fight with the staff, guiding his movements from behind him. The numbers started to thin out in front of us, but behind us the numbers were increasing. Lu took the staff, with Jason still attached, and swung it behind him, causing Jason to flip over his back and land on an approaching soldier. He side kicked three soldiers, then jumped performing a perfect split in mid air to kick back two soldiers coming at either side of him. He then took the staff, with Jason still holding on, and swung it around. Jason yelled as he swung with the staff, sliding on the floor and eventually kicking the legs out from under the soldiers. On my side of the fight, I had quite a few to deal with on my own, and I must say I was fairing a lot better than I thought was possible for me. I suppose ensuring the safety of my brother gave me an extra push. Even now I could feel the drive as I smashed the end if my staff into the face of a soldier. I swung the staff low to the ground, aiming to knock four approaching soldiers to the ground. When the soldiers jumped over my staff, I brought it up to meet their heads. I had to admit to myself, I was having a blast cutting down all of the Jade Warlords minions. It was fun I had been yearning for, for a long time, and it felt good to finally fulfill that yearning. All this fun fighting reminded me of something...or someone . Just as we finished the last of the soldiers, Lu flinging the last into the thin paper wall separating the tea house and the brothel, another swarm of soldiers appeared through the entrance. Ah, hell. Lu gave an exasperated sigh and said, \"Let's go!\" He lead us back up the stairs and to the third floor. We continued forward, making our way to the balcony. Without even pausing to think, Lu leapt, landing on the roof of the second landing, then jumped again to the lowest landing. I jumped right after him, coming to a stop beside him. We looked up to see Jason wide eyed and completely terrified. \"Jason, you have to jump !\" I yelled up at him. \"I don't think so!\" He yelled back. \"Dont think! Just do!\" Lu told him. Jason opened his mouth to argue back, but with a quick look behind him he jumped over the railing, a band of soldiers coming to a stop behind him. Jason plummeted downward, and as he fell, my fear rose. Lu, who also sensed Jason had over estimated his jump, stuck the Monkey King's staff out for Jason to grab on to. He grabbed the staff, and with an effort Lu slowed his fall, but Jason's wieght pulled Lu down with him. Thank goodness the rest of the way down wasn't too far. A loud 'oof' escaped their mouths as they landed on the ground in a heap. Lu clambered off of Jason and looked up at me, \"Send down your staff to Jason, then jump. I will catch you,\" he told me. I did as he told me, droping my staff for Jason to take, then I jumped, and as he said, Lu caught me from under my legs and around my back. He set me down and once again we were running, but yet again we were stopped by a couple of soldiers running towards us. I took my staff from Jason and prepared myself for a fight, but just as I lifted my staff to swing, a figure in a black cloak jumped between us. The figure did a back flip, kicking their feet out an knocking the approaching soldiers out. The stranger turned to regard us, and I gasped in shock as I saw that it was just a young girl, around my brothers age. She was very pretty, and she carried a mandolin behind her back. She had hair as black as night and her eyes were fierce, but somewhere within their depths I saw something else..sadness? \"Such skills, child! Do you come from the Northern Mountain?\" Lu asked the young stranger. \"She is Golden Sparrow from the South.\" The girl replied, hopping on a horse. Golden Sparrow? What kind of name is that, and what's with the speaking in the third person? Bah, I didn't have time to think about stuff like that, we needed to get out of here. We mounted our horses, and rode into the night. ~MK~AT~ After we had been riding for what seemed like... forever ...the sun finally started to break through the trees casting a golden glow upon the earth. The air was cool, and it smelled of lavender, bamboo and lemon grass. It was a pleasant atmosphere, and the sheer beauty of the land brought a smile to my lips. This place seemed so familiar to me. Wish I knew why. We didn't have time to set up camp last night, and that was okay with me. The further we got from those soldiers the better I'd feel. However, I could feel exhaustion pulling at my eyelids and I desperately need sleep...and a hot bath. Oh, what I'd give for a hot bath. I was starting to get sore and the sweat just kept pouring out of me. To my left my brother wobbled from the natural sway of his horse, and I could see with his struggling to stay awake he needed some sleep too. \"Lu, we need to find a place to stop. I doubt those soldiers will be finding us anytime soon, and we are in dire need of a bath and sleep.\" I called to Lu who was riding a little way ahead of us. \"There is a place up ahead with a hot springs. We can stop there.\" He called back. \"I hope we get there soon, I can't feel my butt.\" Jason whispered to me. I had to laugh. My brother comes out with the weirdest things sometimes. \"Well, get used to it. I get the feeling we're gonna be here for a while and riding a horse is the fastest way to get around here.\" I told him. He respond with a look so ridiculous I almost toppled off my horse from laughing so hard. After I was finally able to breathe, I glanced back at Golden Sparrow. She'd been awfully quiet during our ride. In fact, the only thing she said to us was who she was and where she was from, but I hardly doubt her real name is Golden Sparrow. However, it just might be a name she just created for herself, a name to be remembered by. She didn't seem to be affected by exhaustion like the rest of us were, and there was a definite spark of determination on her face. But determination for what? Staying awake? I pulled on the worn leather reins to slow my horse down so I was riding beside Golden Sparrow, and smiled at her when she turned her head my way. \"You're so quiet, Sparrow. I hope we aren't boring you. \" I said, \"What you did back there was amazing. I don't know what would've happened to us if you hadn't come along. I don't think we even had a chance to thank you.\" Sparrow smiled meekly and replied, \"She does not think the drunken immortal needed his life saved.\" She nodded her head towards Lu, and at her words I saw Lu shift slightly. \"Lu, you're immortal?\" I asked. Lu only shook his head and replied, \"What do you run from, child?\" He seemed a tad agitated for some reason. \"Bounty hunters trying to stop her from reaching the Five Elements Mountain.\" Sparrow replied back. Suddenly, Lu stopped his horse dead in it's tracks, turned towards us and slid off. \"I suggest you keep riding west, and only stop to water your horses.\" He grabbed the reins of his horse and starting to trek back the other way. \"Wait! You're not coming?\" My brother squeaked. Lu stopped to reguard him. \"The journey to Five Elements Mountain crosses barrens of deserts and unspeakable dangers. Worst of all,\" Lu jiggled his jug, \"no wine.\" \"It's his elixir. Every immortal has one.\" Sparrow said. \"Im very sorry, but without wine I will perish. You must understand this.\" Lu continued. \"No. You must understand this: this is insane!\" Jason replied, sliding off his own horse and taking a few steps toward Lu. \"Do you wish to get home?\" Lu asked him. \"Yes!\" Jason exclaimed. Suddenly, Lu kicked a leg out from under my brother, sending him toppling to the ground. Lu then placed a foot on Jason's chest to hold him down. \"Then listen well. If you die here you will be found dead in the world you left behind.\" He said, \"Do you understand? My jug is getting low. I must say goodbye. Bye-bye.\" And with that he took his horse and walked away. \"Wait!\" Jason called out, but Lu wasn't listening, he just kept walking. \"Let him go. You are the one to return the staff. Not him. How good is your Kung Fu?\" Sparrow said. \"He's got no Kung Fu. None!\" Lu shouted over his shoulder. Okay, I know my brother was a bit daft at times, but there was no need to be so mean to him. So, Lu wants to be a coward and leave? I don't think so. \"Then teach him!\" I called out, making him stop once again. \"Lu, please, teach me. Teach me to fight.\" Jason pleaded with him, following my suggestion to the fullest. Lu didn't turn around, he just stood there, as if contemplating his decision. I've had enough of this. I have but one more card left to play. I just hoped it worked. Sighing, I slid off my horse and ran to Lu, who looked at me with curiosity. \"Look,\" I began in a hushed tone, \"Jason isn't the only one who needs help. I do, too.\" Lu squinted his eyes, clearly thinking about my statement, before replaying, \"Help with what? I have seen you fight. You are masterful. What use would you have for me?\" Oh, no you don't. \"Oh, I think you know,\" I retorted, \"I saw how you looked at me at the tea house when you told your little story,\" I hesitated, allowing my words to sink in, \"You think I'm the Jade Princess.\"[Chapter 9] A/N: Woo hoo, another chapter! :D In this chapter Ariya reaches a milestone and discovers there's more connecting her and the Jade Princess than what she thought. Also, what I'm sure you've all been waiting for, the introduction of the Silent Monk. Key word, introduction. For some reason I'm not particularly pleased on how this chapter turned out. It looks too choppy, but I had to seperate the days and time gaps somehow. Anyway, hope you all enjoy! PureAngleEyes: Hmmmm, the initial fight scene between Jet and Jackie is going to be hard enough to put into words. They move so fast and there are so many maneuvers that it'll be hard to get ALL of them down. However, I think I've found a way around that, and possibly come up with something extra for you. I like the idea just as much as you, it's all a matter of making it work. :) Chapter Seven A Stranger In Our Midst ~MK~AT~ Lu blanched and stared at me wide eyed. Aha, success! I could see the wheels turning in his head. He was thinking how best to approach the situation, but I waited patiently. Finally, after a few moments had passed, he spoke, \"Yes, I believe you are the lost Jade Princess, but I needed to be sure.\" I sighed. My inner struggle to entertain the thought of being the Princess was starting to give me a headache, and it only made it worse that somebody else believed it, too. Yes, my dreams and Lu's stories where somehow mysteriously connected, but I'm not from this world. Am I? Maybe I was having these dreams to somehow help the real Princess. Oh, I'm so confused! I pinched the bridge of my nose and said, \"What makes you think that I'm the Princess? How can I be? I'm not from here.\" \"I also wondered the same thing, but after seeing how you reacted I knew there must be something more about you than we know, and your fighting skills are supreme for an otherworlder...just as the Princess's were.\" Lu said, \"And according to legend, she had flowing silver hair, and jade colored eyes...just like yours.\" I bit my lip. Okay, so I looked like the Princess, and fought like her, but that still didn't mean I was...wait a minute. \"You said the Jade Emperor was the Princess's father right?\" I asked. \"Yes. He and the Jade Emporess adopted her, for she was not a normal child. She was born of Jade.\" Lu answered. \"And you said they sent her away for her safety, right?\" My heart was pounding. Could I truly be...? \"Yes. They feared the Jade Warlord would try to claim her before she was old enough to protect herself. Why do you ask?\" Lu said, cocking an eyebrow at me. \"Because,\" I hesitated, not wanting to believe what I was about to say, \"Now I think I am the Jade Princess. But I don't feel it. I don't remember the Jade Emperor, or the Warlord, or the Monkey King. I don't remember any of it!\" \"Then how do you know for sure you are the Princess?\" Lu asked. \"Well, ever since I've been living with my brother and mother I've been having these dreams, dreams of the Emperor, the Warlord and the Monkey King. I was seeing the world through the Princess's eyes. I saw her death; and just before I got here I had a dream where the Emperor came to me. He called me... daughter . He said it was time for me to come home.\" Tears burned my eyes as I spoke. I was the Jade Princess. But why couldn't I remember? Why would my memories of family, and love be gone? I felt a pair of strong hands steady my trembling shoulders. I looked up to see Lu smiling at me. \"Welcome home, Princess. I give you my oath to protect you, and to accompany you on your journey to the Five Elements Mountain. And of course, I will teach your brother the art of Kung Fu.\" Oh, gosh. My brother. What am I going to tell him? 'Im sorry, Jason, but it turns out I'm the Jade Princess and you must go back alone .'? Yeah, that'd go over really well. I smiled weakly at Lu, and said, \"I appreciate that, but for now can we just keep this to ourselves? I don't want Jason knowing just yet. I need time.\" \"I agree. His knowledge of this might affect his training. Come, let's get you some place to rest.\" Lu said, giving my shoulders a quick squeeze, grabbing the reins of his horse and walking with me back over to Jason and Golden Sparrow. \"What happened? Are you okay?\" Jason asked as we approached, glancing from Lu to me. I smiled at him. \"Yes, of course I'm okay. I'm just...overwhelmed. I talked Lu into teaching you, though.\" I said. Jason smiled, and wrapped his arms around me. \"We'll get through this, sis. Then we can go home and everything will be okay again.\" I hugged him back. If only he knew. ~MK~AT~ Lu lead us all to a clearing a few miles down the trail we were on. A river flowed along side it, and the ground seemed level enough for a comfortable night's, well in this case days , rest. I promptly asked where the hot springs he mentioned earlier was, caring for nothing else at that exact moment. Once I had that information, I walked over to Sparrow who was standing a few yards away by her horse and unpacking her sack. \"Hello, Sparrow. Uh, could I ask a favor?\" I asked her. She stared at me for a second before smilling and saying, \"Of course.\" \"Thanks. Uh, you wouldn't happen to carry any bathing supplies do you? Perhaps some bathing oils? I don't have any.\" I smiled shyly. I was a bit embarrassed to say the least. Sparrow giggled, reached into her sack and pulled out two fairly large wooden vials. \"The brown one is for hair, the white is for the body. You can keep them, she has plenty,\" she said, placing the vials in my hands. \"Thank you. I really appreciate it. Seriously, you have no idea.\" I said with a smile, and after she smiled back and nodded, I headed to the hot springs. The trip there didn't take long. In fact, I could still here my brother's incessant drabble to Lu about Kung Fu, but I couldn't see them. The hot springs was surrounded by thick brush and a large cluster of bamboo trees. It was the perfect block for me to do my business comfortably without any fear of being seen. I set the vials on a flat rock at the waters edge, stripped myself of my clothes and slowly sank into the water. Ooooh, was this ever nice. A sigh of relief escaped my mouth as I found an underwater ledge to sit on. I leaned my head back against the edge of the spring and just let the hot water seep through my pours, let the steam flow through my senses and cleanse me inside and out. I closed my eyes and reveled in the feeling of my aches and pains slowly melting away. It was a rare opportunity that I got to enjoy time to myself, and I was going to take advantage of every single moment. There I sat, surrounded by Mother Nature and all her glory. It was calming, and it allowed me to think about everything that's happened in the last few days without getting overwhelmed; or a massive headache. I was still having a hard time accepting the fact that I was the Jade Princess, but the more I thought about it the easier it was; because somewhere I had a family waiting for me. A father and a mother. Of course I had Jason and my adoptive mother, but they weren't really mine, and Jason's father, my adoptive father, was an abusive ass. The Jade Emperor, the one from my dreams; his voice sounded soft and filled with love. I wished I could remember him, and my mother. Hell, I wished I could remember everything . Then there was the Monkey King. In Lu's story he was the Jade Princess's beloved, well my beloved. My beloved? Gosh, that sounded strange to me. I've never been in love, or at least felt love for someone of the opposite sex, yet it seems I have. Oh, the irony of it all. Suddenly, an image flashed though my mind. It was so sudden that it made me jump. I had hardly enough time to collect myself before another flash hit me and my body responded with a jolt. I could feel the hot water splashing around me as my body damn near leapt out of the springs as the third and final flash hit me, only this time it had a firm hold on my conciousness and I felt myself drifting to sleep. I watched as the image played out before me like a movie. I was in a hot spring, just like the one I was in, only in a different place, more secluded. I was leaning against the edge of the spring, smiling. Then suddenly I felt a pair of rough hands begin to gently rub my back, kneading it, massaging it. I turned to look behind me, and sitting there with a pleasant smile upon his face, was the Monkey King. He leaned in, and gently brushed hips against mine before wrapping both arms around my waist and pulling me tight against him. The kiss deepened, and I thought I might lose myself in that kiss if he didn't let go. As if hearing my thoughts, he pulled away. \"I love you,\" he said, his voice nothing but an echoing whisper, \"Ariya.\" He said my name! My eyes widened. \"Ariya!\" Now that was odd. It was my name, but it wasn't the Monkey King who said it. \"Ariya!\" The same voice said again, only much louder, and I recognized that voice, \"Ariya, snap out of it!\" On command my eyes snapped open and I found myself being shaken violently. \"What, Jason? Gosh, can't I have two minutes to myself?\" Then I realized where I was and folded my arms across my chest, \"Jeepers, Jason, I'm naked in here!\" \"I'm not looking! You fell asleep, and you were twitching like you had Tourette Syndrom or something! Anyway, seeing as you're okay, you've been in there almost an hour. I would like a bath too ya know.\" He replied. He had his eyes completely covered, and his head turned away. I sighed. \"I'm sorry. Guess the hot water relaxed me a little too much. I'll hurry and finish, okay?\" He nodded and walked away. ~MK~AT~ Later that night, not being able to sleep much during the day, I sat by the fire Lu had started and hugged my legs. Ever since I'd gotten to this world, my once consistent dreams changed to being sporadic, and INconsistent. This new one had me baffled. Apparently the Monkey King and the Jade...er, ME...were intimate. I shivered at the thought of the dream. It's not that I was disgusted by it, just a little weirded out. I thought about talking to Lu about my dreams, but I didn't want Jason to overhear the conversation, and I don't think I'd be very comfortable discussing such personal details. \"You think you'll teach me the No Shadow Kick? Oh, and the Buddha Palm technique?\" Came Jason's voice, tearing me from my thoughts. \"There's a guy in Virtual Fighter Two who does the Buddha Palm technique,\" he continued as Lu offered him a cup and began pouring tea into it. Ugh. I rolled my eyes and dipped my head in shame. Like Lu is going to know what Virtual Fighter Two is, but that's my brother for you. He speaks before he thinks. \"And he does the, uh, Iron Elbow. And he does the One Finger Death Touch. Cups full. Stop! It's full!\" I had to fight to suppress a giggle. Lu was purposely allowing the tea to over flow Jason's cup for a reason, and I knew why. \"Exactly,\" Lu said, \"How can you fill your cup, if already full? How can you learn Kung Fu, if already know so much? No Shadow Kick. Buddha Palm. Empty your cup.\" Jason did just that. He emptied his cup; by dumping it. I shook my head. \"No, Jason,\" I mumbled, \"Your supposed to drink it not dump it.\" \"Hopeless! It is hopeless.\" Lu said taking the cup from Jason, shaking his head and going about making more tea. Jason, who looked a little hurt, walked off to join Sparrow, who was playing her mandolin near by. Once he was out of ear shot, I moved closer to Lu. \"You know, Lu, even teaching needs patience, just as learning does. I know my brother can be a bit of a knot head sometimes, but you couldn't ask for a more genuine student.\" I said. Lu looked up from his tea making to respond. He opened his mouth to speak, then closed it. \"Knot head?\" He said finally. I laughed. \"Yes, a knot head. I have my very own vocabulary. It'll surprise you the strange things that'll come out of my mouth. Anyway, you should know that he means well.\" Lu sighed and shook his head again. \"I don't know. He just doesn't seem to grasp the concept of Kung Fu.\" \"Things take time, Lu. You of all people should know that. It just takes a little longer for some. But I do know one thing, Jason needs to be eased into this. In our world he was constantly bullied and pushed around. He would be more receptive if you weren't so harsh. Just saying.\" I said. Lu studied me for a moment, then said with a smile, \"You have wisdom beyond your years, Princess. I will try again, but for now, you must rest. Sleep young one, I will watch over you.\" I smiled, gave him a playfull punch in the arm, and did as he told me. ~MK~AT~ I awoke the next morning to a clear sky, and a bright sun that warmed my skin as I stretched. I was happy. For once I had a decent night's sleep without dreaming. I felt rejuvenated and ready for the day to begin. There was just one problem...Lu and Sparrow were nowhere to be found. Perhaps they went for more fire wood? I stood up and proceeded to pack my sleep mat and other little things, while trying to rouse my little brother. A snap of twigs off in the distance startled the bejesus out of me, and the air around me suddenly got still. Someone, or something was out there. \"Lu? Sparrow?\" I called out, thinking it was them, but the feeling I was getting suggested otherwise. I sensed danger, a looming threat. \"Jason! Get up! Now! We are being watched!\" I kicked my brother's legs, a little harder than necessary, and with a jolt he bolted up. I picked up my staff and handed Jason the Monkey King's staff. \"Where's Lu, and Sparrow?\" He asked. \"I don't know. But keep the staff close. There's someone out there, I just don't know who, and I have a REALLY bad feeling something is going to happen.\" I replied, and just as I said the words Jason's eyes got wide, and he pointed behind me. \"Look!\" He exclaimed. I looked, and quite some distance away was a man all dressed in white from head to toe. The only part exposed was his eyes. He sat upon a white horse as well, and that's all he did was sit there, watching my brother and I. It was when I told Jason to run that he moved, but who can outrun a horse? It took no time and he was on us, arm outstretched, reaching for the Monkey King's staff. His hand closed around it, and with a yank he pulled it free from Jason's grip. No, damn it! Jason fell, but quickly got up and continued running. This time the white-clad stranger put his sights on me, and darted forward. \"Oh, no you don't. You're not getting Hitokiri!\" I yelled, but his gaining on me filled me with doubt. Fortunately, I was a quick thinker. I spotted a huge bamboo tree just ahead of me, with a quick burst of speed I ran towards it, and up I went, up along the trunk of the tree. I back flipped off it and over the stranger and his horse. \"Jason! Ariya!\" I heard Lu's voice call in the distance. Oh, thank goodness. The white stranger turned his head in the direction of the voice then back at me. His stare was intense, and it took all my will power to not tremble from fear. After a few moments, he took off. Lu and Sparrow caught up with us, both of them starring at the stranger as he rode off. \"What happened?\" Lu asked. \"He took it,\" Jason said, \"He took the staff.\" \"And he tried to take mine.\" I added. \"The Jade Warlord has sent a bounty hunter.\" Sparrow said. \"We are doomed.\" Said Lu. \"Actually, we're not,\" I said, and everyone looked at me. I had suddenly become aware of something, \"He wasn't trying to kill us, but take the staff's, and his clothing wasn't fitting for a bounty hunter. To be honest, I think he's a Monk. Lu, is there a temple around here?\" I said. \"Im not sure, but there is only one way to find out. We follow him.\" Lu replied, \"Then we get our answers.\" ","Summary":" A/N: Hi, there folks! Today I bring to you a revised edition to the partial story originally writte"},{"Movie":"Forbidden Kingdom","Title":"The Return of the Jade Princess","Author":"WishUponAStar1015","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6534708","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yes, so this is for all the people messaging me to see if I was writing a sequal to The Man Behind the Legend. I'm glad that you guys liked the story, and here is the sequal! Warning! SLOW UPDATE ALERT! Disclaimer: In this story, I only own the Jade Princess, Ariya. The Return of the Jade Princess Prologue She was floating in nothing but the darkness of the dream world. It was a place she had gone ever since she had returned home from that world. The Jade Princess had no memory of her time in the Middle Kingdom. Only her dreams and the small trinkets she saved from her short time there reminded her of where her true destiny lies. Once again the silver haired Princess was dreaming of time she died, not that she would remember… The silver haired girl was floating, watching the scenery around her like a ghost. She was so close to everyone, yet she was still so far away. The Jade Princess, Ariya, could only watch everything play out like some sort of home movie. There were sounds of crashing and clangs of metal, echoing as they reached the silver haired girl's ears. She was limp as she desperately struggled to lift her eyelids from her unconscious state. Everything was dark and when she managed to actually lift her eyelids, the blinding light made everything worse. The girl was in a terrible amount of pain and all she wanted was to get down from this stinking wall! Wait… Her eyes snapped open again as she realized that she was actually strapped to a wall. How had she gotten there? When had she gotten there? It had definitely been after she was pricked with the dart…but the silver haired Princess didn't understand. She struggled as hard as she could, but the Princess flinched when she suddenly heard cruel laughter next to her ear. The silver haired girl jerked her head to the left and saw that evil bastard of a Warlord standing next to her. Oh, her fiancé would so make him pay. The Princess pushed her head far away from him and blinked in surprise when she saw a fruit being thrown at the Warlord's head. It was kind of amusing. She looked up and smiled, happy that the Monkey King had come for her…if she could even figure out how she was strapped to the wall in the first place. Gah, this was so frustrating! The Princess hated being the damsel in distress. She was about to call out for him, but she stopped seeing as he was concentrating very hard on the battle. It was weird; she had never seen WuKong so concentrated on something…unless the Princess was in danger. The silver haired girl didn't feel like she was in danger, but maybe he felt like she was. Oh, she knew what's coming next; it's exactly like that premonition that she saw. The silver haired girl felt like she would only get in his way seeing that he was in such a heated battle. Suddenly, the Warlord suggested that they fight without weapons and without chi magic. Sure, like the Monkey King would believe that…would he? He was so damn trusting! The girl wanted to cry out, but soon realized that she couldn't or he would lose his concentration. The Monkey King shoved his trusted metal staff down into the ground, and was about to take position, but stopped when he saw that the Warlord had hidden a knife in his sleeve pocket. He was going to step forward but…no! It was too late; he had already shoved the knife into the silver haired girl's chest. She didn't feel much at first due to the shock of being stabbed, but the pain hit suddenly and forcefully. The Princess gasped as she felt a searing pain in her chest, pulsating with every beat of her heart. It was agonizing. The girl looked down in a sort of daze, not believing what she was seeing. Suddenly, the restraints were loosened and she fell to the ground in a shaking heap. It was obvious that she was becoming weak. Her hands flew up to the knife lodged in her chest as a pair of strong arms wrapped around her shoulders. The person – who everyone else saw as the Monkey King - tried to lift her very gently, but each movement of her body was excruciating. The silver haired girl looked up in a daze, looking up into the distraught eyes of the one she loved. He lightly shook her shoulders, but gave a light cry as the girl collapsed in his arms. She just couldn't hold herself up any longer. He turned the silver haired girl over on her back and placed her head in his lap, lightly gripping the knife and tugging it from her chest. Once the knife was dislodged from the girl's chest the blood could flow freely, causing him to tear up. He knew that she was going to die, but he didn't want to face the truth. He was always like that…so carefree. It was one of the reasons why she loved him. He bunched up the tough material of his belt and pressed it to the grotesque wound, but it didn't help. \" Sun…Wu…Kong\" the girl whispered ever so quietly, taking one of his hands in hers. It was so quiet that only her Snowflake was able to hear it. She had said his name. The girl brought the other hand up to his face, cupping his cheek and her eyes started to glaze with unshed tears. \" Be happy…for me…\" she whispered…and then…she died. The area around the Jade Princess – the one who had been watching her death with wide eyes – went dark. There was no sound, no light…no anything. Just as she was about to give into the darkness, a gentle older voice came drifting through the darkness. Another movie seemed to play out in front of her, this time with no sound. Instead, the gentle older voice told her what was going on. \" My dear, sweet daughter. Your life is just beginning to turn to us once again.\" He cooed and the silver haired girl felt a warm presence behind her. She looked, of course, but there was nothing there. She turned back to the image before her and watched as the same man from her previous vision – the white haired man – jumped back away from her still body. He growled in obvious hate, clothing stained with her blood. \" The Monkey King wanted nothing more than to avenge your death, but he was tricked.\" The older gentle voice sighed. It was almost like the voice was disappointed over something. She watched at the white haired man – the Monkey King – cast away the two metal staffs that she had seen. \" In order to preserve his power and the power of his love he cast away the staffs…but he also cast away a servant.\" He said. It was then that she saw the hair glinting against the metal of his staff. She watched, horrified, as the Monkey King was turned to stone and her body burned in a proper burial. The people of the Jade Palace mourned her death, but what the older man said next really struck a nerve. \" My dearest…you are ready to come home. Only you and Jason have the power to free the Monkey King from his prison.\" He said. Suddenly, it was like she was shocked… The silver haired girl jumped, falling off of her bed as she jerked awake from her dream. Ariya had been having the same dream for the past six weeks. Every night it had been the same. The same people. The same message. The same sorrow. The same strange feeling she got in her chest at the sight of the Monkey King becoming trapped in stone. It had been six months since the day she had gotten the phone call from Jason, her dear younger brother. Nothing could have made her happier than to have that bastard of a father arrested and convicted of several years in a federal prison. It turns out he had been a drug dealer as well! What are the odds of that? The silver haired girl got to her feet, a hand to her head and her other hand on the wall to help steady her. This was her routine after every time she had the dream. She went to her desk and quietly opened the drawer – it squeaked quite a bit and Jason's room was next to hers – in order to retrieve a small bottle. Inside was a white hair. It wasn't just any white hair…it was the same kind of hair that floated in the wind against the staff in her dream. It was proof enough that her dream was real even though she hardly remembered a thing. Yet, this wasn't the only proof that she had from her time in the Middle Kingdom. She reached underneath her shirt to pull out a small jade leaf. It was beautifully carved and a small, almost invisible, hole was drilled into the base of the leaf so that it could be made into a necklace. The small jade object had a black ribbon running through it, convincing the girl that everything that she had been dreaming of had been true. She had died, but she had died for the man she loved…even if she didn't remember him. And she knew that one thing was for certain. The time when she released him from his stone cage was drawing near. The return of the Jade Princess was near at hand.[Chapter 2] Hey, guys. I wanted to get this out before I had my wisdom teeth removed tomorrow. =D I tried my hardest to decipher what they said in the movie, but y'know...Hop - or we know him as Ancient Lu Yan - mumbles a bit so I omitted some of the things he said. Thanks to: Ebony eyed wolf - Glad you think so! I can't wait to work on this story a bit more, but I gotta work on the others too, y'know. I really need to buckle down on just one, but then I get an idea for one of the others...lol wolviegurl - hey there! Been a while, eh? Yeah, I've been meaning to get this out for a while now...I've just been so busy! My apologies. Elisea - Aww, thanks. I particularly like my writing style as well, although this one is most likely going to stay in third person. I was experimenting with the first person in the last story. Chapter One The Staffs of Legend The silver haired girl sighed and ran a hand through her hair. Now that she was awake there was no way that she would be able to get back to sleep. Instead, she got dressed in a flowing knee length green dress with a black sash tied around her waist. Black flats were on her feet and she tied her hair back with a black ribbon. She hadn't been able to find a nice martial arts dojo in Boston so what was the point of braiding her hair? Although sometimes she would climb to the roof of some of the nearby apartment buildings and would practice with her wooden bo staff. A rush of feelings would hit her then and she felt like she had done something like that before…but she couldn't remember where. The silver haired girl shook her head free of the memories and took the ribbon that held the small jade leaf. Tying it around her neck, she felt oddly safe. The necklace held some sort of meaning, but she just shrugged it aside. If she was meant to remember then she would remember eventually. In the room next to hers Ariya's brother, Jason, slept peacefully. Contrary to her neat room, his room was covered with martial arts posters, Asian legend posters, and one odd Boston Bruins poster. There were figurines lining the dressers and such and there were memorabilia items strewn across the floor. The teenager in the bed twitched more than once. It was obvious that he was having a dream. After a few moments, Ariya appeared in the doorway to his room. She was going to wake him up, but after she saw how messy the room was she decided to tidy the room a little bit. After ten minutes of picking up dirty laundry her little brother woke with a start. \"Are you okay, Jason?\" she asked in a quiet voice, concern lacing her voice. He looked around with a strange expression before nodding his head. He stretched and maneuvered himself into a sitting position. \"I had a dream about the Monkey King again…and that same staff…\" he mumbled before running a hand through his hair. He looked towards the television, which was playing some old movie that had to do with the Monkey King – Ariya noticed that the Monkey King was a reoccurring theme with her brother – and turned it off before he went to the bathroom to get ready. \"Are we still going to Lu Yan's Pawn Shop today?\" she questioned him as she straightened up the sheets on his bed. He constantly told her that she didn't need to clean up, but she had been doing it for the better part of her life. It would be a difficult task to break the habit her father had instilled within her. \"Yeah. I wanna check the new movies he's got.\" Came the muffled reply. The silver haired girl giggled at his half-asleep tone and went downstairs to await her brother. Less than an hour later the two of them had eaten breakfast and they were on their way to Chinatown. Jason was peddling a bike and Ariya was sitting sideways on the extra seat on the back, hanging onto her brother for dear life. Soon enough the two of them arrived at the shop in Chinatown. The silver haired girl smiled – she had become friends with the old man. They shared a similar interest with Chinese antiques and he would often share with her the legends of his home country. As Jason parked the bike, the silver haired girl jumped off and closed her eyes as classical Chinese opera music filled her ears. A small grin formed across her mouth and she gave a sigh – it was truly a delight whenever she got to visit Hop. He was the grandson of Lu Yan, the original owner. \"Hello, Hop!\" she exclaimed as she entered the shop. He was counting money behind the counter and when Jason came into the shop – in order to browse for knockoff movies she supposed – he stopped counting the money. \"What's going on, Hop?\" Jason questioned as he did, indeed, head to the movie section of the pawn shop. Ariya clucked her tongue and shook her head. She knew it. Her brother was one weird person. \"Ah, you back again?\" Hop questioned Jason after he gave Ariya one of his rare smiles. He was an old man, after all, and he had seen quite a bit in his old life. He stuffed his money into an old coffee can and put crinkled paper on top of the money so the change wouldn't jingle. He trusted the silver haired girl and put the money away. He knew that she wouldn't steal from him. She proved it time and again when she came to help him in the shop. \"Oh, sick.\" The brunette teenager suddenly said. Ariya just shook her head and went to go look at the figurines and the authentic costumes. Some of them were really elaborate and beautiful. Sometimes Hop would let her try them on in order to air them out. If she could she would buy the whole rack and then wear the clothing every day! \"Find good one?\" she heard the old man question as she perused the rack of clothing. As she looked through the clothing she saw something on the jewelry table. It was a jade leaf that looked suspiciously like the one she wore on the ribbon around her neck. She reached out to touch it as she heard Jason's voice in the background. \"Yeah…Ten Tigers of Kwangtung…\" he trailed off in disbelief, \"This is gold.\" He said. Ariya spared a glance in their direction. She spied Hop taking a drink from an elaborate silver flask, but decided not to say anything. He was an old man who had seen a lot in his lifetime and he deserved something for his trouble. Liquor was hardly anything to someone as old as Hop…he was like…probably somewhere in his nineties! As she turned around she heard Jason swoon over his movies once again. \"Oh!\" he exclaimed in excitement, \"Bride with White Hair!\" he exclaimed as he most likely grabbed the DVD from the shelf. \"Chinese – no subtitles!\" he almost squealed as she tried not to laugh at his voice. It would only embarrass him. Ariya turned away from the jade leaf and made her way to the back. There were some other pieces of jewelry that caught her attention. Perhaps she could buy her mother an early birthday present. \"Hey Hop?\" she heard her brother's voice once again, \"You got any early Shaw Brothers?\" there's a guy that does leopard style that I…\" he was cut off as the old man laughed at him. The silver haired girl was amused as well. Her brother was almost obsessed with Kung Fu, but he had never noticed that she was trained in it. \"Leopard Style, Dragon Style. Fire on Water. Crouching Tiger, Spanking Monkey.\" The old man laughed at him once again in his harsh way. She wondered how much abuse, or most likely alcohol, he had put it through. \"I know you. Another white boy who wants know Kung Fu. Kick ass! Get the girls.\" And with that the silver haired girl couldn't hold in her laughter. \"Shut it!\" Jason exclaimed as he heard his older sister's laughter. She turned around and was suddenly hit by an intense emotion. She could tell that Jason could feel the same emotion coming from the back room as he came to stand beside her. It was almost as if something were calling out to them. Jason slowly walked to the back room and the silver haired girl slowly followed after, looking around the back room for the first time. Jason looked to the floor, enraptured, and crouched down to pick up to pick up a discarded yellow-bronze staff. The heads of the staff had been carved to show monkeys of different style. Ariya lightly touched the bronzed staff with a feeling of déjà vu. She had seen that exact staff before – she had touched the staff before. She had known the wielder and owner of the staff! Another staff caught her attention. It was leaning up against the wall of the shop – it was the one that had been calling to her. It sounded as if it had been calling to her very soul. Once she had picked it up it was as if everything clicked into place. She twirled the shimmering staff around – careful of the small spikes on the end so that it wouldn't injure her brother – and nearly cried. It was like reuniting with an old friend. Suddenly, Hop interrupted the two of them. The silver haired girl snapped from her thoughts and jumped, whirling around to face the old shop keeper. \"Only storage back here.\" He said, hobbling forth to greet the two once again. \"Where did you get these?\" Jason asked in awe. Ariya stepped forward, holding out her staff. It wasn't hers. It was Hops. She couldn't just act like it rightfully belonged to her no matter how much the staff felt like it belonged in her hands. \"Hitokiri…\" she muttered as if just remembering the name of some old friend. \"This…\" he motioned towards the staff in Jason's hands, \"…was here…when my grandfather opened this shop. Hundred years ago…he waited for a man to pick up…\" he reached out to take the staff from Jason. The poor teenager looked like he was going to cry because the old man took away his child. Hop reached up to the best of his ability and put the staff on a holder on top of a worn dresser. \"Return to rightful owner...\" he continued with the story, \"…man never came. My father take over shop. Waited, too…long time…now me.\" he finished with a sad air around him. He turned to Ariya and she willingly gave over the staff no matter how much it hurt to part with it. \"This one…belong to Princess of Jade Kingdom…beloved of other staff owner. Some say she die…some say disappear…never came.\" He said before taking the staff and placing it on the second staff that was up on top of the worn dresser. She looked at the staff with a surprised expression. The mysterious voice in her dreams had called her a Jade Princess…what did that mean? Did that staff really belong to her? Was she some sort of reincarnation and was having dreams of the past? There was nothing to explain what she was experiencing so she just kept quiet. Perhaps she could come back and ask Hop some more questions about his father. Maybe he had some answers. \"They're northern temple style Bo staffs.\" Jason said, surprising the silver haired girl. But, then again, he was a buff in anything martial arts…except in the execution of said martial arts maneuvers. \"The same kind the Thirteen Monks used to save the Tang Emperor.\" He continued, now starting to ramble. He would have said more, but then a weird glint entered his eye. \"I've…seen it before…that exact one.\" He said, referring to the one with the monkeys on it, \"I've had dreams about it.\" He continued in a faraway voice. The silver haired girl started – he had been having dreams about it? Since when? Hop didn't seem to think anything about it. He just seemed to laugh it off, ushering the two of them back into the main part of the shop. \"You know why. You watch too much Hong Kong fui.\" He waved off, \"Come. Come on.\" He led them back to where the main part of the shop met with the front door. \"I give you five awesome movie…for very sick price.\" Both of them just followed in a sort of daze. \"You the man, Hop.\" Jason said, definitely out of it. What in the world had just happened back there?[Chapter 3] Right, sorry this took so long to get out, but I had my wisdom teeth removed and blah blah blah - took a lot of time for me to feel better since I had a bad reaction to the pain meds or the antibiotics or something. Anyway, here's the next chapter...I tried to interperate what the greaser/hood guy was saying as accurately as I could =D Thanks to: Nora Rose Evans - Aww, well thank you. PureAngelEyes - I'm glad that you like the sequal =D cheshirecat900 - lol glad you like the story! wolviegurl - Well, yeah, I was always going to write it lol I just needed some inspiration first. I've been having SO SO many ideas for other stories go through my head I just can't concentrate on one. Ebony eyed wolf - lol glad you think that Ariya blends well. Oh! PLEASE VOTE ON MY NEW POLL! This is to tell me what I need to work on the plot, outline, and OCs for the story, not to actually work on next, but I'd like to know...y'know? Chapter Two The Bullies Both Ariya and Jason managed to find at least one thing they wanted to buy from the shop. Jason bought a couple of DVDs while the silver haired girl found a nice pair of training shoes in her size. They fit exceptionally well and the old shop owner literally grinned when she paid for them. Perhaps it was because she had bought something from the shop…or perhaps it was because he knew that she practiced the martial art of his native country. Either way she exited the shop with a bright smile on her face. Minutes later the two of them were travelling down a semi-busy road in front of several large buildings. It resembled a school, but Ariya had never been there before so she didn't know exactly what it was. She was once again riding on the back of her brother's bike, but, even though she said she could walk home, her brother insisted that he didn't mind. He actually seemed like he was proud to be her mode of transportation. Suddenly, as they were biking along the sidewalk, a teenage girl called out Jason's name. Ariya curiously looked over his shoulder as the dark haired girl walked over to the two of them. \"Jason!\" the girl called again as the bike came to a stop. \"Hey. What's up?\" she questioned, eying the silver haired girl from the back of Jason's bike, \"Who's that?\" she commented, eyes narrowing. Jason looked back and forth between the two girls, worried that they were going to start a fight or something. When it became evident that Jason wasn't going to say anything, Ariya took the opportunity to introduce herself. \"I'm Ariya, Jason's older sister.\" She quietly said, holding out a hand for the girl to shake. The other girl just looked at her, noticing the distinct and unusual color of her hair. \"Nice hair.\" She said, commenting on the older girl's starry colored tresses. \"Thanks.\" Ariya quietly said as she lowered her hand. She was feeling slightly insulted that the girl neither took her hand after she introduced herself nor did she give her name. What was Ariya supposed to call her if she never gave her name? \"What's up?\" she questioned again, looking back towards Jason and acting like Ariya wasn't there. The older girl just sighed and looked away before dismounting the seat on the bike. She leaned up against the wall, half listening to the conversation her brother was having and half keeping an eye out on the activity around them. Unfortunately, she was looking in the opposite direction that trouble was heading from. \"Nothin' much.\" She heard her brother reply to the girl's question, \"Just, y'know, cruisin'.\" He replied, motioning towards his bike. The dark haired girl's eyes narrowed as she looked back towards Ariya. \"Cruisin' with ya sister?\" she questioned, making sure that the girl was, indeed, his sister. It was silent for a few moments and it was then that Ariya started to feel a little bit out of place. Jason would have a better time flirting with the dark haired girl then if she were there…but for some reason she couldn't shake the feeling that something was about to happen. \"You've been to Chinatown.\" The girl said, nodding to the basket. Jason's movies and Ariya's training shoes were wrapped neatly in a bag. \"What's up with that?\" the girl continued, raising her eyebrows as she waited for the brunette boy to answer her question. \"Oh…uh…\" the awkward teenager stumbled over his words. He was trying to act cool, but since he was still stuck in that kind of awkward phase…it wasn't working too well. \"Kung Fu.\" He blurted out, catching the attention of his sister. What did he know about Kung Fu? It was one of the hardest forms of martial arts to master simply because it, in itself, had several forms and techniques derived from one art. It seemed to do the trick with the girl because she beckoned over a couple of her friends and they 'awed' over his 'knowledge of Kung Fu'. \"Are you serious?\" the same dark haired girl asked as the silver haired girl quietly scoffed to herself. Yeah, he could talk about it all he wanted, but could he even perform half of the techniques he was talking about? It wasn't in her nature to be this irritable, but Ariya just couldn't shake the feeling that something was going to happen. Something that was going to change her life all over again…just when she got used to living with Jason and her mother. \"Not supposed to talk about it.\" Jason said nonchalantly. Perhaps he was just trying to cover up his racing heart, but he was doing pretty well for an awkward teenager. \"Not under the Kung Fu Code.\" And then he just blew it. Ariya had been practicing this particular martial art for most of her life and she had never heard of any code. There were certain rules that one had to follow, yes, but it was never called a 'Code'. Suddenly, the bad feeling that the silver haired girl had intensified tenfold. She jerked around just as a greaser guy came sauntering up to her brother. She stepped forward, but then paused. She wanted to see how her little brother would handle himself in this kind of situation. If it got too rough, then she would step in and kick some ass. \"Hey, dork.\" He greeted, roughly placing his hands on the handlebars of Jason's bike, \"Hey, new kid's makin' time with the hoodses.\" He continued, not recognizing Jason. It was most likely because of the fact that this was the first time he had actually stopped to talk to someone in this neighborhood. \"T-boy.\" He said, catching everyone's attention once again. Ariya waited with baited breath…if he laid a hand on her brother then she would shove his hand right up his ass. \"You still ridin' this loser cruiser? You can't even get a motor for this shit.\" And with that he grabbed the bags with stuff from Lu Yan's Shop – Hop's shop was still named after his grandfather – and started rifling through it. \"What we got here?\" he questioned, staring at the DVDs and the training shoes with a dumbfounded expression on his face. \"Just some bootlegs, no big deal.\" The awkward teenager stuttered out. It was time that Ariya cut in. those shoes belonged to her, after all. She paid for them fair and square. \"Excuse me.\" she said, cutting in. The greaser boy turned and immediately smirked at the girl's exotic features. He thought he was going to get lucky tonight. \"Yeah, babe?\" he questioned, lowering the DVDs. Ariya smiled sweetly at him, despite Jason's attempts at pushing her behind him since he still didn't know that she practiced the martial art he was bragging about – and lightly jerked her arm out of her brother's grasp. \"I believe those shoes belong to me.\" she said, nodding her head towards the training shoes. She snatched them from the greaser's grasp and tried to get the DVDs but the greaser boy anticipated her movements. \"End of the Dragon? The Bride with White Hair?\" he questioned, reading the titles as he smoothly moved away from the silver haired girl. She only sighed and replaced her shoes with the training ones. That way she would be ready if she had to fight. She only wished she had some sort of staff with her. \"Yeah…it's actually very good.\" He was cut off when another one of the greaser boys knocked him off of the bike. \"Hey!\" Ariya exclaimed. \"Hey, let him go!\" another one of the girls commented as the first dark haired girl only smirked. \"Yeah, don't. He knows Kung Fu.\" And at this comment Ariya's eyebrow started to twitch. Why in the seven levels of hell did this girl decide to egg the greaser boy on? As she stood staring at the smirking dark haired girl, the greaser boy decided to start a fight with her little brother. \"What?\" the greaser guy laughed, \"You think you're Chinese?\" he taunted, coming forward and getting up in Jason's face. Ariya stepped forward and got in the boy's way, narrowing his eyes as he disregarded her like she was nothing. \"You hangin' out with the skanks in C-town? What's up with you?\" he continued, backing Jason into a corner as he shoved Ariya out of the way. She growled – nobody manhandled her like that. \"Let's see some. Come on.\" He lightly slapped Jason in the face as he and his cronies laughed. \"Come on. Let's see some Kung Fu, eh? Kung Fu master.\" He continued laughing as if he were having a grand time making fun of the teenager in front of him. Jason was utterly mortified and Ariya had had enough. \"That's enough.\" She quietly said, glaring at the boys. They either ignored her or they just didn't her hear quiet voice. \"Huh? Huh? Want some Tai Kwan Do?\" he then moved as he was going to walk away before suddenly performing a roundhouse kick. He kicked Jason in the chest and he went flying back into the concrete wall. \"That's enough!\" Ariya yelled as she dashed forward. Nobody beat up on her brother. She slid in front of her brother as the greaser guy was going to perform a second kick – this time to Jason's head – and caught his leg, twisting it so that he was thrown to the ground. He tried to kick her legs out from underneath her, but she just leapt into the air, twisting to the side to avoid his feet. \"You want Kung Fu? You'll get Kung Fu.\" She growled at the guy before she dashed forward. He had gotten to his feet only to be knocked down by a roundhouse kick of Ariya's doing. She flipped forward as he tried to get up, grabbing his shoulders and completing a handstand as she twisted behind him and elbowed him in the back, but, before she could do anything else, another male suddenly interrupted their fight. \"Hey! You do anything else to Lupo and he'll get it!\" the guy exclaimed in a slightly frightened manner. She turned around and eyes narrowed as she saw that the second boy had Jason in his grasp. She sighed, not wanting anything to happen to her brother. She released her fighting stance and stood up straight, glaring at the greaser boys. \"Yo, Lupo. They're hangin' out with that old chink – cashes checks.\" The second boy said as he showed the 'leader' the bag the movies and shoes came in. \"You in tight with the old man?\" this 'Lupo' asked them. Ariya refused to say anything and Jason was too terrified to say anything, but it was then that her bad feeling suddenly made sense. Something was going to happen to Hop tonight.[Chapter 4] I know, I know. Short chapter, right? I'm trying here. Please forgive me 'cause I have this major month/two-month long project that I have to do with a non-profit organization and I'll hardly be on the computer for ANY of my stories. Thanks to: Springflowerangel - Aww, thanks. I hoped you liked the first part (The Man Behind the Legend) as well. PureAngelEyes - Yeah, I'm feeling better, thanks =D and I'll try to update soon! wolviegurl - Aww, thanks for the review =P The Candy Spooky Theater - Glad that you like my story XD Please take time to vote on my poll as well. I'm having a hard time deciding what to write next so there are some choices out of the some 150+ story ideas I've got floating around in my head. Chapter Three Raiding Hop's Shop Ariya frowned heavily as she was shoved forward. She would have turned around to give the one who shoved her a piece of her mind, but the silver haired woman was mindful of the fact that her brother was being held at gunpoint. It had taken quite a while to lead them to Hop's shop. The two siblings had silently agreed to make the goons as lost and confused as possible – it was their hope that they would somehow be able to disappear and run to the police. But, that was before the lead goon had threatened Jason by shoving the gun to Ariya's temple. The teenager had screamed like wounded puppy, pleading with Lupo not to hurt his sister. The silver haired girl couldn't say that she was disappointed in him. They didn't even know that the other existed until recently. It was common sense that Jason didn't want to lose her now, to Lupo of all people. It was night now and the hooligans had finally convinced, or more like forced, Jason and Ariya to lead them to Hop's shop. The two were pushed and yanked back to their feet many times. The silver haired girl couldn't count how many times she wanted to rip someone's arm off, but she couldn't. She didn't want to take the chance that her brother could be hurt. \"Just shut up and do it.\" Lupo hissed quietly as the small group approached the back door of Hop's shop. Ariya grunted angrily and managed to stomp on the foot of the guy holding her, but with one look at the gun tucked away in Lupo's belt she settled down again. The silver haired girl did, however, cross her arm and refuse to talk to any of them. \"It's late, man.\" Jason said in a nervous and pleading tone. He didn't know what was going to happen, but he could tell that it was going to be something horrible. \"He's probably gone home.\" He, of course, was lying to Lupo. Hop couldn't go home due to the fact that he lived in the back of the shop. Lupo just glared at him and jerked Ariya to the front, motioning for Jason to knock on the back door. He did so and there was no sound for a couple of moments. \"He's most likely sleeping at home.\" Ariya bit out in a defiant tone. She hated men like Lupo – he reminded her of a man from her dreams. A Warlord to be precise. After a few more moments of silence, Jason turned to the thugs. \"He's not here.\" He pleaded again with sad eyes, \"Let's just go.\" But as he said this, the sound of a lock scraping away from its old hinges reached their ears. The door opened to reveal a chain and a withered old face. The face of Hop. \"Who's there?\" Hop questioned, squinting his eyes. He could barely see to begin with, but the night air made it worse. He took in a deep breath, smelling the air and listening for sounds. Suddenly, he smelt the familiar lotus smell of Ariya's perfume and the somewhat stinky sweat of Jason. \"Ah…Kung Fu boy? Lotus Princess?\" he called Ariya a Lotus Princess because she was interested in the royal families of ancient China, plus she smelt like Lotus blossoms in the spring. \"You back for more good price movie and Kung Fu clothes? Jewelry?\" he laughed in a soft tone, not knowing that they had company. Lupo and his goons were standing far enough away that he could not smell them. \"I told you. Best dealer in China Town.\" He chuckled again with a bright smile, eager for more business no matter the time. \"Come in. Want some tea?\" Ariya sighed. Hop always made the best green tea. Sometimes he even put in a little ginseng and honey just for her although it wasn't his favorite. Hop was like the grandfather she never had…but he reminded her of another older man from a dream of hers. Jason went through the door when Hop finished fumbling with the chain. Ariya, however, resisted until one of the goons literally shoved her through the door. The goons followed in after the girl, but Hop was too far away to smell or hear what was going on. \"Red Sox game is on.\" He said in his dearly beloved gravelly voice. \"Yankees win. Very bad.\" The old man bends down to fiddle with the teacups when he smells Lupo's scent. The scent of the other goons does not escape his senses, but the old man decides to play dumb. Something was wrong, but he had to play dumb for the sake of his friends slash customers. Ariya couldn't help the tears that started to well in her eyes. She felt guilty for the whole situation. If it weren't for Lupo's gun she would have kicked all of their asses! \"Who's with you?\" Hop questioned, looking up with a soft smile. His eyes were looking out into the distance, a sure sign of his near blindness, \"Friends?\" But they were not friends. Hop frowned at the sound of Ariya's sob. \"Where d'ya keep the cash?\" Lupo growled as he shoved the silver haired girl to the side. She rammed into the dresser that had the staffs on top of it, knocking down the golden one. It was the same one that Jason was admiring earlier that day. Hop turns around in confusion, not having been in this situation before. Lupo rushes forward and grabs the front of the old man's pajamas. He walks Hop back and rams him into another dresser, shaking him for good measure. Ariya screwed her eyes shut – she couldn't bear watching this for another second. \"I said: where do you keep the cash?\" Lupo growled again, not in the mood for playing games. He shook the old man once again for good measure, but everyone was transfixed by the goon's attitude. \"Please.\" Hop pleaded with the man not to hurt him or to destroy his shop, but, of course, Lupo wouldn't listen to him. \"Come on, old man!\" Lupo exclaimed, patience wearing thin. He turned around at a noise that one of his henchmen made, glaring at Jason and Ariya. \"Stay here.\" He ordered them, sending a smirk to the silver haired girl. Jason had moved from his standing position to crouching by his sister, a hand on her shoulder. She was seething, getting ready to tear Lupo to pieces if it weren't for that blasted gun he had! Hop looked beseechingly at the two of them while Jason looked on helplessly. He wasn't brave like his sister, who finally decided she was going to kick Lupo's ass with or without the gun. As Hop picked up the golden staff, she reached up and drew the one with the familiar feel to it from its stand. She smiled wistfully for some reason before moving to the other room, Hop right behind her. \"Ariya, no! What are you doing?\" Jason hissed. She ignored him, however, and crept up behind one of the hooligans. \"Hey…found ya X-box…\" one of the other ones said. At the same time, she and Hop smashed their respective staffs into the head of their targets, but what she didn't expect was that Lupo actually shot the two of them. He hit hop right in the chest while she was hit in the shoulder. He had pretty good aim for someone who wasn't paying attention. The silver haired girl managed to stumble back to Jason as the old man fell into her brother's arms. \"Hop!\" \"Oh no…\" both of them said at the same time. Jason looked like he was going to burst out crying, especially when he saw the blood soaked skin of his sister's shoulder. Lupo looked slightly shocked that he had used the gun, but his followers were definitely taken aback. \"Jesus Lupo!\" one of them exclaimed, looking like he wanted to go over and help them. \"What the hell, man?\" another of them yelled, glaring at his 'leader.' \"You shot them!\" the third looked appalled that Lupo shot an old man and a female. As Lupo was getting yelled at, Ariya and Jason were listening to Hop. \"Take it…\" he wheezed, shoving the staff in Jason's arms. He smiled at Ariya before turning back to Jason again. The silver haired female couldn't help it. She started to cry once more. \"Must return to rightful owner…run…run!\" Finally, Jason looked up at Lupo, hate in his eyes. \"You didn't see that, yo. You didn't see that!\" Lupo shouted as he started towards the three. Both siblings looked at each other before grabbing their respective staffs and taking off, hoping that someone had called the police and an ambulance would come for Hop.[Chapter 5] Righto, here is chapter four. Please vote on my newest poll (all you have to do is choose the ten you like best out of the twenty) but I won't work on those for a long, long time. Thanks to: PureAngelEyes - lol yes, I'm back. It'll still be a slow update story, but I also apologize that this chapter was a bit short springflowerangel - squee, I'm glad you thought the chapter was awesome wolviegurl - next chapter comes ancient China! =D Chapter Four The Power of the Staffs \"Jason, come on! Don't worry about me, just run!\" Ariya exclaimed as she heard the goons run after them. The silver haired girl couldn't remember a time when she had been so scared – not for her own safety, but for the safety of her brother. Lupo would probably shoot her again on the spot, but he would take his time torturing her brother. And even then…he would probably shoot her brother just to make sure he wouldn't go to the police. Yes, it was safe to say that Ariya was extremely scared for her brother's wellbeing. She pushed Jason out of the door in front of her and kicked the door shut behind her in one fluid movement. It would give them precious seconds while Lupo had to open the door once again. \"Don't look back, just run!\" she shrieked again as she pushed her brother in front of her. If she knew that she would have to run this much today, she would have dressed in one of her training outfits. Well, actually, if she knew she would have to be doing this much running, she wouldn't have agreed to go downtown near the school anyway. She should have made Jason pedal directly home. \"In the door!\" she directed as the two raced across the street. They started running up the staircase just as Lupo and his gang members came tearing out the door and across the alleyway behind them. \"You little shit!\" the two of them heard Lupo yell. If it had been any other situation, Ariya would have either laughed or she would have kicked Lupo's ass for cussing at her little brother. \"Keep going.\" The silver haired girl gasped out as they continued to climb another four flights of stairs. Jason burst out of the staircase at the top of the staircase just as Ariya ducked another bullet. Lupo had shot at her due to his rage. \"Don't stop!\" she told her brother, seeing another roof that was a jumpable distance. Jason, however, decided that he could make the jump and skidded to a stop at the edge of the building. Ariya had no choice but to stop behind him. Her arm was throbbing and the material of her clothing had been dyed a bright red, but she didn't let that distract her from protecting her one and only brother. \"Jason, you have to jump.\" She said, pointing to the building beside them. \"No.\" he refused, shaking his head, \"There is no way that I'm going to jump.\" He continued, but by then their chance had gone. Lupo and his gang were behind them and he was pointing his gun at them. The two were at a dead end. \"Lupo, man, c'mon…just don't!\" the scared boy pleaded with the gangster. He cowered with the staff held in front of him. It was as if Jason were hoping that Lupo would stop just because he wielded the staff. Lupo, however, was too angry to be talked to. He wouldn't see reason even when the silver haired girl came forward to talk reason with him. \"Lupo…you know we won't talk.\" She started, but the head gangster just started to stalk closer to them. His hand still held the gun, but it was trembling. It was like he was both furious and terrified of the situation. \"You didn't see nothin.\" The lead gangster calmly stated as he came to a halt in front of the terrified siblings. Ariya made sure that she was in front of her brother just in case Lupo went to shoot her. \"Lupo…we didn't see anything. We promise.\" She said cautiously, \"You already shot me. I understand that this is serious.\" She said with one hand releasing her staff and coming up to calmly say that she meant no harm. \"Hey calm down, Lupo.\" One of his flunkies said, eyes darting to Ariya's injured shoulder. \"Hey, chill man, c'mon.\" another one of his flunkies said, \"Put the gun do…\" he was cut off by Lupo. \"Shut up!\" he exclaimed, eyes looking around wildly, \"Maybe I pulled the trigger, but we're all in this together!\" he continued to shout, waving his gun around. The silver haired girl was incredibly lucky that it didn't accidentally fire. \"But this little cockroach…he aint one of us…and his sister is a right pain in the ass!\" he said. It was right after that that something stirred in the air. It was mystical feeling – one she had felt before. She didn't know where she had felt it before, but it was just so familiar! Suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, she saw a strange glint. It was like time slowed down in the normal realm. Lupo and his cronies froze, but Jason was being pushed back by the strange staff. \"Ariya…what…what's going on?\" Jason managed to gasp out as the staff pushed him backwards. His feet got caught on the edge of the building and the next thing either of the siblings knew was that he had been pushed over the edge. \"Jason!\" she screamed, jerking forward to see if she could catch her brother's hand. She had a sense of déjà vu – she remembered falling off of something of great height and then…someone had been both reaching and screaming for her. The silver haired girl reached out for his hand, but their fingers barely brushed each other. They were shocked and Jason let out a mighty scream, but right before Jason hit the ground his body disappeared. Actually, it didn't look like his body disappeared. His body turned transparent and was absorbed into the ground in a smoky and hazy mass in the matter of seconds. It was weird. Suddenly, it was like time sped forward again. \"Whoa, whoa! Where'd the punk go?\" Lupo exclaimed as the rest of them peered over the edge of the building. \"He's gone.\" She whispered, not believing what she just saw. Was it even possible for her brother to just disappear like that? That stuff only happened in like…dreams, movies, books, and comics…right? \"Whaddya mean he's 'gone'?\" Lupo growled at her, pushing her out of the way from the edge of the building. With tears in her eyes, she took her chance and ran back through the door and down the stairs. She felt strangely at peace when she heard the goon's yelling for her. The silver haired girl only managed to make it through two more doors, up another, higher, flight of stairs, across three roofs, and a fire escape before she was cornered once again. \"Now, girl. I'm tired with you!\" Lupo wheezed out, pointing the gun at her in a shaking hand, \"Gimme one good reason why I shouldn't shoot you.\" He said. The silver haired girl just looked at him with a sad expression. If she was shot, there would be a possible chance that she would have a long and painful death. There was the option of jumping off the roof… And that was what she decided. The goons behind her yelled and Lupo shouted, not believing that she would actually jump off a roof, but she stepped up on top of the guard rail. She gave Lupo one last smile, one she hoped would haunt him till the rest of time. Then, she spread her arms wide, her staff still in one hand, and leaned back into the wind. She closed her eyes, expecting a painful impact and death, or a slow death by landing on something, but she felt nothing. The silver haired girl opened her eyes, but all she saw was darkness. \" My dearest. It is time to come home.\" And then all she saw was a flash of light and felt a sharp pain in her chest. She was returning home.[Chapter 6] Ooh, I know...this is a bit shorter than I'd like it to be. I apologize for that. If you guys would be so kind to vote on my poll, I'd like that. Thanks to: PureAngelEyes - Nope! She's in a special place =) Springflowerangel - Aw, thanks! wolviegirl - Yes. And the chapters will be longer, I promise! sandradee27 - Thanks. I tried to develop her a little bit since the last story. Santa-clause-is-a-stalker - Aww, thanks. I'm glad you like it! (and I know your name has dots in it, but it wouldn't show up otherwise.) Chapter Five The Other World After a journey of pain, a rush of emotions, and the strange sensation of slipping through something cold yet warm at the same time, the silver haired girl gasped and sat straight up. A rush of memories flashed through her head all at once. \"What?\" she murmured to herself, touching her head. It ached with all of the information that was now coursing through it. She looked around, surprised to find herself in an old wooden hut. There was a fine layer of dust surrounding everything and when she moved the dust coating the bed shot up everywhere. After sneezing a few good times, the silver haired girl decided to look around. By the bed there was a vase of dried flowers. When she went to touch the flowers, they crumbled in her hand. They seemed to be extremely old. \"Oh my.\" She started as the flowers were taken away by a light breeze. It was then that she noticed that she wasn't wearing the dress she had on the day before. Instead, she was wearing traditional Chinese fighting clothes. Her top was black with a silver dragon design on the back and the pants she wore were loose with silver outlines. They were made of sturdy cotton. A wrap went around her chest to make it more comfortable for her to move around, and black traditional fighting shoes were on her feet. On the chair – it was one place that was somehow devoid of dust – there was an ornamental coat made of fine silk. It was the same coat she saw in her dreams. On top of the neatly folded coat, there was a small circlet. A tear streaked down her cheek – the leaf decorations that were on the circlet matched the small jade leaf she kept in her desk at home. Ariya slipped the circlet on and it was like slipping on an old friend. The jade leaves jingled in the wind and the silver haired girl couldn't help but let out a small sob. She slipped the coat on and that was when she saw her staff out of the corner of her eyes. Yes, it was her staff. It was the staff that her beloved had crafted for her, but where was he? Were her dreams true? Well, there was only one way to find out, was there? \"Son WuKong…\" she whispered, concentrating on her beloved's power. She felt him. He was there, but it was like his power and energy was sealed away somehow. She sighed and let another small sob escape her. He was alive, but he was trapped. This must be what her dreams had been telling her for the longest time. Now, if she could just figure out where her brother was…but she didn't have to wonder long as she heard a high pitched scream that sounded strangely like her brother if he has been female. She snatched her staff and ran through the door to see a few figures down the worn and beaten path. She also saw another figure approaching from another direction, but he seemed to be unconscious…and riding on the back of a donkey. Without thinking, she runs down to where her brother is defending himself quite badly. Well, he never did learn the art of Kung Fu. She sighed and pushed herself to go faster, making it in time to see several mounted guards shove their swords in his face. \"Jason!\" she exclaimed skidding to a halt in front of him. The silver haired girl swung her staff into a defensive position in front of her as her brother clung to both the Monkey King's staff and the back of her jacket. \"Who are you and what do you want with my brother?\" she spat out, glaring at the surprised faces of the warriors dressed in Jade. \"You! Woman! Identify yourself!\" the one with the fanciest helmet demanded as he pointed his sword at her face. He had a suspicion of who she was, but she hadn't been seen for five hundred years. \"I asked you first.\" The silver haired girl demanded with a serious expression. She glared at the people with the weapons as hard as she could, but apparently it didn't faze any of the men in the armor. \"We are loyal warriors of the Jade Warlord. Now state your name and business.\" The silver haired girl started to shiver in anger. How dare the Warlord send out warriors in his name? What happened to her father? What happened after she died? Did things really change so much? \"My name is Ariya. I am the Jade Princess.\" She said. \"Say what?\" Jason questioned, pulling back to stare at his sister. He couldn't understand the others, but he understood his sister loud and clear. The warriors on top of the horses looked at each other, shocked beyond belief, but they decided to follow their Warlord's orders. \"We have orders for your arrest. Come quietly or face the consequences.\" The lead warrior snarled, pulling his sword back and getting ready to strike at a moment's notice. \"If you want me, try and claim me.\" Ariya hissed back, jerking back to avoid the sword at the last minute. She pushed Jason down to the ground to avoid the blades of the other warriors and brought her staff up to crush the throat of the man above her, but there was no way that she was going to be able to fight seven or eight men with weapons. Especially when she was trying to protect her brother at the same time. Fortunately, she didn't have to. The man that she saw riding the donkey backwards had fallen off and woken up. He drank something from his gourd and smiled, stumbling towards them. He hit the one that had been threatening Ariya and her brother, instigating a fight between all of them. He fought back and the silver haired female jumped into the fray after telling Jason to stay back. Soon enough, all of the warriors were down and out and the mysterious man stumbled towards them. \"Who are you? Why do you have that staff?\" He asked Jason. \"What?\" Jason asked before Ariya could reply. \"Can you not understand me?\" he questioned, raising an eyebrow. \"I. Can't. Understand. You.\" Jason replied, putting emphasis on each word. The man sighed and concentrated for a minute. \"That's because you are not listening!\" the mysterious man exclaimed and this time, evident by her brother's shock, Ariya could tell that Jason could understand.[Chapter 7] Meh, I was expecting this to have some action in it, but I guess it will be a filler chapter. I haven't been feeling well lately, so it is a bit shorter than I would like. I apologize. Thanks to: wolviegurl - I'm glad you liked the chapter =) Springflowerangel - Don't worry. She'll kick some butt in the next chapter. sandradee27 - right, so...to answer your questions and not being too specific so that it'll ruin the story. He recognizes her aura, but she has to figure out who he is. Lu Yan has his suspicions about that, though. Hidan's Girlfriend - Haha, Hidan as in Naruto's Hidan? Anyway, I'm glad that you liked the stories that much. PureAngelEyes - Haha, yes. She met Lu Yan. I'm working on the next chapter, too. Chapter Six Lu Yan's Story Soon enough Jason, Ariya, and the drunken man ended up in a fine restaurant. Ariya had no money on her – although he supposed she could always either give up a piece of jade from her circlet or she could pull the 'I'm royalty so I don't need to pay' card, but she wasn't like that. The restaurant was so nice that gentle music was flowing through the air, calming the otherwise excitable and near-panicking Jason. In the corner of the second floor, three women were dancing in very little clothing…or at least, it would be considered little clothing in China. Their bellies, shoulders, and arms were showing. Their outfits were nice, though. They were made of fine lavender colored silk. Ariya sat with her brother, facing the stranger who seemed to recognize her beloved's staff. She did not know, however, if the stranger recognized her or not. \"I don't know where I am.\" Jason complained to the stranger. Ariya didn't want to say anything lest she further confuse her brother and make him freak out anymore than he was. The brunette teenager was good at freaking out. \"Or how I got here…or who those guys were who wanted to kill us.\" Jason continued, motioning towards his sister and himself. \"But whatever you did back there was sick.\" His sister punched his shoulder – they were sitting on pillow-mats so it would have been hard to kick him – and gave him a warning glance. \"No. Drunken Fist.\" Ariya's eyes darted towards the stranger. He was sitting in a relaxed position and seemed to be enjoying quite a bit of wine. She didn't know exactly what kind it was – if they were in Japan she would have called it Sake if it were made of rice. \"Secret Kung Fu of the south.\" The stranger continued to explain. The silver haired woman remained silent, wanting to know exactly how much he knew. Fortunately, they were able t learn his name. \"I'm Lu Yan, traveling scholar.\" He said as he chewed on some food and lifted his glass of wine to his lips. \"What land do you come from, Monk? And you, woman? You dress of high ranking.\" If it had been a less serious situation Ariya would have laughed. There was no way that Jason could actually pull off being a monk. \"I'm not a monk.\" Jason laughed as he pointed to himself. \"My name is Jason…Jason Tripitikas from south Boston.\" He then turned to Ariya, \"This is my big sister, Ariya.\" The mentioning of her name seemed to spark a bit of recognition in Lu Yan's eyes. \"Is this a dream?\" Jason asked, leaning forward as he looked at the scholar's eyes. Ariya snorted and smacked her brother on the back of the head. \"No, doofus.\" \"No. Where you came from is the dream.\" Lu Yan explained as Ariya nodded. Jason turned a questioning gaze to his sister. \"And how do you know this?\" he questioned her in an angry tone. \"Because, Jason, I've been here before.\" She murmured in a sad tone. She refused to answer any more of his questions and turned back to the drinking man in front of them. \"You come through the Gate of No Gate.\" Lu Yan continued after a few seconds. \"What, is that a wormhole or something?\" Jason asked. Ariya's eyebrow twitched again. \"He's not going to know what a wormhole is, little brother.\" The silver haired woman told him. \"No. It means that either you are a Zen Master…or you carry something very special.\" The eating man explained, pointing to the Monkey King's staff. He turned to Ariya, expecting her to answer his question. \"Hitokiri belongs to me.\" was her simple answer and Lu Yan's eyes narrowed again. \"If it belongs to you then you are either a thief or you are the fabled Jade Princess.\" Lu Yan mused, eyes glittering as the silver haired girl's mouth twitched into a smile. \"Whoa, whoa, whoa. What's the Jade Princess?\" \"Not now, Jason. Let the man explain about the staff.\" Ariya said, shooting her brother a glare. \"This? You know where I got this. It was waiting in a pawn shop, waiting for someone to…return it to its rightful owner…\" he said, not liking the look in the other man's eyes. \"What?\" Jason asked, looking between his sister and the man sitting in front of him. \"It's long been foretold that a Seeker will come to return the staff and end the reign of the Jade Warlord.\" As Lu Yan said this, Ariya's eyes snapped to him and hardened. So, the Jade Warlord has been causing trouble? This was no surprise to her. \"Return the staff to who?\" Jason asked, becoming totally engrossed in the story that Lu Yan was telling them. \"The Monkey King.\" Ariya jumped in with a small sigh. She remembered everything – just seeing the staff of her beloved was paying a great toll on her. It meant that he was weak and he was in need of her…yet how was she to know where he was? \"Born of stone, on the Mountain of Fruit and Flowers, with his weapon in hand his chi became like fire. His stick fighting like magic. He defied order of the land.\" Lu Yan told his story while Ariya's face broke into a smile. This was the man that she remembered and the one who held her heart. \"But the Jade Army couldn't defeat him.\" the silver haired woman said as she fondly remembered the way that the Monkey King would fight. It was like a game to him, but whenever Ariya was in danger, his playfulness turned into an icy exterior. \"The Monkey King crushed every soldier sent to stop him. With his magical staff, he was unbeatable. Word of his disobedience travelled deep within the Forbidden Kingdom – to the Five Elements Mountain, Land of the Immortals. Once every five hundred years the Jade Emperor hosts the Peach Banquet, but this particular year was special. The Jade Princess had come back to the palace after being sent away for her safety.\" Ariya smiled slightly as Lu Yan sent her a pointed look. It was interesting hearing her being talked about in a legend. \"It was there that the Heavenly Ministers gather to celebrate the longevity and drink the Elixir of Immortality. One sip of this heavenly brew will give everlasting life, free from mortal suffering and desire.\" He said with a strange sparkle in his eye, \"Into the banquet, the Monkey King crashed, uninvited except by the Princess' request. She and the Monkey King had developed a friendship. The Jade Emperor was enchanted by the Monkey King, but the Jade Warlord was not amused. As master of the army, he demanded that the Monkey King bow down to him.\" Ariya knew that this had not happened. Actually, the opposite was what happened, but it wasn't like Jason would know that she knew what had happened. \"Satisfied that all was well, in Heaven and Earth, the supremely high Emperor left to begin his five hundred years meditation, leaving the Jade Warlord in charge by Mandate of Heaven. But, rather than obey the Jade Emperor's command the Warlord had the Princess kidnapped and challenged the Monkey King to a duel. It was because the Monkey King and the Princess had fallen in love while the Warlord wanted her for her body. \"High upon Five Elements Mountain, in the Warlord's Palace, the battle of immortals was fought to prove once and for all whose skills were supreme. The Princess was held captive and tied to the wall and, during the battle, she was murdered by the Warlord. She was not immortal, not having drunk the Elixir of Immortality, and so she was able to die. This was after he had agreed to fight fist with fist with the Warlord – he was too trusting and believed the Warlord's words that he would fight without his magic weapon. Realizing he had been tricked, he thrust his staff, and Hitokiri, out into the Middle Kingdom. \"Being immortal, the Monkey King could not be killed. Instead, he turned to stone.\" Ariya had been listening to the story with tears in her eyes. She turned to her brother as a tear trailed down her face. \"Whatever we do, Jason, we have to release Son WuKong.\"[Chapter 8] Okay, I know this was short and I know I said I was giong to have it up like last week, but I had my final exam in my first summer class on Tuesday. I had no idea how hard it was going to be so I kind of stopped writing all of my fics altogether and studied my ass off. I was also rewriting a book I wrote a while ago. I'm hoping to send some letters to some agents and see if they'll accept it by January...lol so far I've edited about 36 pages out of like 240 pages on Microsoft Word. Thanks to: amychan3638 - Well, I'm glad you like the story so far. Thanks for the review! wolviegurl - Yup. Jason is starting to understand things. Hidan's Girlfriend - Haha Hidan is pretty cool. My favorite Akatsuki characters are Deidara and Tobi. (the crazy funny Tobi and not the bloodthirsty Tobi) Springflowerangel - Aww, well I'm sorry that I almost made you cry lol PureAngelEyes - I love the Silent Monk almost as much as The Monkey King =D sandradee27 - haha you're not an annoying reviewer. I heart your reviews. Chapter Seven Fight Time Their conversation was now over, but the man, Lu Yan, kept eating and drinking his wine. \"That's what I heard, anyway.\" He said as he chewed his food. \"You heard correctly.\" Ariya said with a hand over her mouth. She still couldn't believe that her beloved Monkey King was now trapped in stone. It brought tears to her eyes, but more so than ever, the silver haired Princess was determined. She was determined to save her lover and she was determined to put the Jade Warlord in his place once and for all. \"How long has he been imprisoned?\" Jason asked while giving his sister a weird look. Why was she behaving like this? Did it have to do with what happened before she went to live with him? Jason didn't know much about her life before she came to live with him and their mother, but he knew that she had a hard time because of it. \"Five hundred years.\" The man before them said as he drank more wine, \"Give or take a few decades.\" He continued before taking another bite out of his meat bun. \"They say when the Monkey King is free the Jade Emperor will return and the Jade Princess will return as well.\" Lu Yan continued to calmly answer Jason's questions. \"How do we get home?\" \"Do you really want to go home, Jason?\" his sister asked him with a strange look on her face. Jason didn't know it then, but Ariya didn't know if she wanted to return home. If they were successful in their adventure, then she wanted to stay here with her beloved Monkey King. \"You must return the staff to Five Elements Mountain.\" He said, leaning forward so that Jason could hear him, \"You must free the Monkey King.\" \"I can't free the Monkey King. We gotta get home.\" Jason said, ignoring Ariya's former comment. He still thought that his big sister would do whatever he wanted her to do. It was true when they were living in their time, back in the United States, but not when she was so close to what made her happy. Not when she was so close to her beloved lover. \"Innkeeper!\" Lu Yan called, holding up his jug, \"More wine.\" \"Jeeze, don't you think you've had one too many?\" Jason said, gaping at the fighter sitting in front of him. The silver haired Princess shook her head. Obviously, Jason didn't know much about the culture around here. \"Wine is my inspiration. In some parts I am known as a poet. Kanpei.\" He said, saluting the two siblings with the cup full of wine. \"In other parts I am known as a beggar.\" Lu Yan said as the owner came over with their bill. Jason and Ariya searched their clothing. Unfortunately, Ariya only had a couple of coins. It wasn't enough to cover the bill. Jason only had American money. He put a couple of bills of American money on top of the bill and smiled nervously at the owner. Lu Yan nodded as the owner looked at him with a strange expression. The man got up and spoke to a woman, most likely his wife, before he spotted a few Jade Soldiers walking his way. The man rushed over to them and started to explain the situation. \"What do we do?\" Jason asked in a frantic voice. Ariya grabbed her staff, ready for a fight while Lu Yan questioned her brother in his Kung Fu skills. Jason blanched and the other man misinterpreted his answer. \"Ah, he who speaks does not know. He who knows does not speak. Surely, you are a master of Fu.\" He said with a grin before the three of them rose. The soldiers approached them with a no-nonsense attitude. \"Where did you get that from?\" the guard asked, motioning to Jason's staff. The staff of the Monkey King. \"It's fake. You can find anything nowadays on the Silk Road.\" Lu Yan tried to fib, but the guard was not having any of it. \"Out of my way, old fool.\" He said, pushing Lu Yan out of the way. \"Hand it over.\" The guard then said to Jason. \"Leave him alone.\" Ariya said but the guard just backhanded her across the cheek. She had not been expecting that. She was not used to how men acted in ancient China after she had been living in the United States for the longest time. \"Hand over the weapon or die.\" The guard said again. This time he was actually threatening the teenager. He slowly withdrew his sword and Ariya stepped closer to her brother. With a look from Lu Yan, Jason threw him the staff. He, in turn, threw the wine bottle at the guard. He caught it with a surprised look and Lu Yan took the opportunity to smash the staff in the guard's face. He kicked the table up and it hit another guard in the face. Ariya pulled her brother behind her and used her staff to hit three guards in the face and chest. She kicked up and hit another one in the back, pushing him into three other guards. She didn't like this – she was not used to fighting in such closed spaces. It was too crowded here and the silver haired Princess was worried that other innocent people would get hurt. Jason huddled in the corner as Lu Yan picked up his gourd holding his alcohol. He threw it in a guard's face, catching it as it rebounded. \"Go!\" Ariya exclaimed as she pushed him down the stairs. He stopped short, but she ran into him. He fell forward, but she caught the back of his shirt, falling forward as well until Lu Yan caught the back of her jacket. The warrior pulled them back just in time for Jason to not have his face slashed through. Jason landed on a small table as Lu Yan kicked the guards back down the stairs. Ariya kicked a guard in the face and punched one in the stomach before stabbing one in the side with her staff. Lu Yan and she made a great team. Lu Yan continued to fight with the Monkey King's staff while Jason crouched behind him. Suddenly, by accident, the warrior pushed Jason off of the landing they were on. Ariya screamed and tried to help her brother back onto the landing, but she, along with Lu Yan were forced to jump down to the lower level. Ariya bit her lip. This wasn't going good at all.[Chapter 9] I apologize to all of my readers and fans, but this is what I feel like I have to do. Either I'm going to let someone take over my stories, or I'm going to delete all of them with the intention on reposting some heavily edited (some not heavily edited) stories. I'm going to repost one at a time and I've decided on posting my Naruto story first. I will put up a new poll asking people to vote on the one they want me to work on after I finish the Naruto story. The reason why I haven't posted in the last year or so is difficult to explain, but a rough summary would be that I was Saved by the Lord and I found a wonderful relationship with the man of my dreams. I've been working on some original stuff and I hope to have some stuff published in the future. Thank you for being so understanding. ","Summary":" Yes, so this is for all the people messaging me to see if I was writing a sequal to The Man Behind "},{"Movie":"Forbidden Kingdom","Title":"The Forbidden Kingdom 2 New and Updated Version","Author":"Firestar'sniece","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6376616","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear everybody, I deleted the previous story because I wanted to start completely over. So here is the new improvised version. The Forbidden Kingdom 2 Prologue In the days before the Monkey King was born out of the mountain of fruit and flowers, long before the Jade emperor ruled, long before humankind or the eight immortals even existed the world was not solid, but was color. Each color was a magic that was dark and deep, a chi magic that could not be restrained by any mortal or immortal. But as the world solidified those who became immortal found that they could master portions of it. It was this unpredictable magic that some could use, never control or master, but access. They were born apart of it. It was this magic also that created certain things, the peach fruit from whence the immortal elixir came from, the mountain of fruit and flowers, even other immortal secrets and things that could make one immortal. In countries far away they talked about the fountain of youth, and this too was part of that magic. Sometimes the magic was destined to be held by others. But whom it could be held by could never be predicted. Well, almost never. There was one who held the power to see such things. She could see them because whoever held this power could change things that would affect humankind in many ways. Her name was Amaterasu and later she became known in Japanese mythology as the sun goddess. But in reality she was a very powerful immortal, the first of the immortals, and one that was forgotten. She was not counted among the eight immortals, in fact the eight immortals knew nothing of her existence. Not even the Jade emperor knew. No, she was too powerful for them and she wandered off in her own fantasies. But one power she had also, which was why she was called a goddess and not an immortal. She had power over life, the creation of new life, new creatures, and she had the power to weave chi magic into the essence of an unborn, child, giving them the ability to have access to this magic. She was all powerful. It was she who gave the eight immortals this power. And she could take it away too if it weren't for that she could not bear to do so to another person. Once this magic was weaved into them to remove it would kill them and she never wanted to be responsible for another person's death. So she would weave the potential of this magic into someone else to finish the task for her. And so it began many hundred years before our current day. Long before, Amaterasu saw that the Jade Warlord would defy her so she searched the future and saw two worthy souls she would give to women, scattered throughout time, in which she would weave her magic into them. Their mission was one that they would know when they were born. And so it began.[Chapter 2] Chapter One: Enemy's Defeat Golden Sparrow looked down on her dead body and the man she loved with grief. Sure, the Jade Warlord was dead and he could no longer harm anyone else, yet she also knew that now she would no longer be able to see Jason. Sparrow had fallen in love with Jason as they traveled to the Jade Warlord's castle to secure the freedom of the Monkey King. Sparrow took part in the journey mainly for revenge's sake but as time grew on she became close to her companions, even the drunken immortal Lu Yan. The man was not all that bad now that she came to think about it. But couldn't help wondering what she was hiding from. As she looked down she felt a presence behind her, one of power. The energy that radiated from this being made her almost shy away by when the she felt a hand on her shoulder and she turned around she was instantly comforted. The woman had a beautiful thin face, small nose, green eyes, and small eyebrows that were barely visible. Her thin frame was at ease and the face showed compassion. \"You completed the task you wanted, child,\" the woman said. \"But in the end you found it a cost. And you realized that you should have done more.\" \"I know,\" Sparrow sighed in depression. \"But I can't do any more now.\" The woman raised her eyebrows questioningly. \"Can't you?\" she challenged. \"Don't you know who I am?\" Sparrow looked at the woman but felt no recognition. She did, however, feel that this woman was somehow connected to her life though she couldn't figure out how. Finally the woman spoke again, and her next words chilled Sparrow to the bone. \"Don't think he Jade Warlord is done. He has access to chi magic that is powerful and though his life has ended, it can continue on. And he has the knowledge of how to do that. He is already planning to strike again.\" Fear filled Sparrow's eyes at this. \"How?\" she asked. \"How do we stop him.\" \"You have the same magic too,\" said the voice. \"And the boy whom you love. But you will need time to learn how to use it.\" \"And what magic is that?\" The woman smiled. \"Chi magic of course. Learn to reincarnate yourself. Though you do not know how to master it fully you should be able to get by this time until the time comes to know more about the magic you posses. Granted, it may be at a very high cost in the end. Or perhaps to him.\" \"Cost?\" Sparrow inquired sharply. \"Because you have no master and you don't know how to use the magic fully your memories will be cost for some years. It will be a detriment to your friend there, that is until you remember everything.\" Sparrow looked at Jason and when she saw that she had another chance she was willing to take the risk. \"What do I do?\" she questioned. The woman smiled and held up her hands. Sparrow mimicked this and placed her palms against the woman's. \"I will help you a little on your way this time,\" the woman said. A burst of light came from the palms of their hands and sparrow's form changed to that of a bird, none other than a golden sparrow. Her form solidified, gaining a little life, and she was flying through the air. She soared over the forbidden kingdom until she came to the clearing where Jason stood in front of the Emperor. She watched, waiting, and finally Jason requested a way back home. Sparrow twittered for joy and as the breath from Jade Emperor engulfed him Sparrow thrust herself forward at the gate, catching the last bit of the fog, and finally she emerged some nineteen years before Jason's departure to her time. It was October 19, the day Jason would be born. She heard the woman's voice in her ears, the gentle sound of swishing water. \"I have a new body for you waiting for your spirit. It will look exactly the same. I sent this woman a dream and she kindly agreed to take you in though from what it seems, she thinks she hallucinated the whole thing. But don't worry, you know what to do.\" Sparrow flew to the local hospital where a woman named Erica Trepiticis was in labor with Jason. She saw, through the window, that he was about to be born. Sparrow continued onward and found through the window that the woman destined to be her mother was ready for labor too. Sparrow twittered in satisfaction and thanks. \"What is your name?\" she asked the beautiful woman who had helped her into her sparrow form. The communication was fading and she was desperate to know her rescuer. There was a smile in the woman's voice as she said,\" Amaterasu. Don't worry, you'll get to know me better someday.\" Sparrow twittered with delight and then, gasped as an image came to her, from the immortal goddess of what she needed to do to enter this new body. A teardrop came from the bird but Sparrow knew it needed to be. She tried not to be afraid. After all, this was not the first time. A cat lay washing itself on the corner and Sparrow knew that Amaterasu had made sure this feline would be here at this exact moment. After all she had needed a physical body to get through the gate and in order to posses this new body she needed to free her spirit from this form. She landed shakily in front of the cat and took deep breaths. The cat noticed her and crept forward. She tried her hardest not to run away, not to panic, but to remember that this was part of the plan and that she would soon be born again, born to find Jason. The cat hissed slightly and Sparrow locked her muscles tight and prepared for what she knew would happen. She felt the moment the cat killed her and at last her spirit was free. As her spirit soared up the cat watched her go, and then carried her old body away to eat. \"Thank you, cat, and many blessings upon you,\" she murmured to it, wondering if it could hear and the cat turned back to look at her. \"Mrrr.\" it responded back and Sparrow knew instantly that the cat had understood what needed to be done. It was only following Amaterasu's request. She soared onward and found her knew body. Finally she was newborn and her mother held her tightly in her arms. \"It's a girl,\" the doctor announced. \"What are you going to call her?\" Her mother looked at her long and hard. \"Emily,\" she whispered. The baby fell fast asleep and all memories of the previous life departed from her. She was just Emily.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: A New Day Jason was smiling as he rode his bike down the street, a silver box in one of his pockets. Today was the day he was going to propose to Emily. He had told no one about his journey to take the staff back to the Monkey King for no one would believe him. Only those like Hop, (who was really Lu Yan) and the Silent Monk who was really the Monkey King knew. That and certain enemies that he really didn't want to think about. As he stopped at the shop Golden Sparrow he grabbed the box and took a deep breath. \"This is it,\" he murmured. \"I can do this. All I have to do is propose and she'll say yes.\" Jason had been in love with her for a very long time. Ever since his journey to the Forbidden Kingdom had ended in tragedy and he had seen his true love's face again he was just as determined to preserve the reincarnation of Sparrow. He couldn't lose her again. It would cause too much grief and he didn't know if he could bear it. Finally he gathered the courage and he knocked on her door. An older woman, her mother, answered the door. \"Jason,\" she said in surprise. \"Come on in. Sparrow's finishing up her shift.\" \"Thank you,\" Jason replied and when he came in he saw the Chinese girl in a red shirt and blue jeans. She looked absolutely gorgeous in it and he wondered what she'd look like in a wedding dress. Suddenly Emily looked up. \"Jason!\" she exclaimed, her eyes lighting up. \"I wondered if you'd be stopping by.\" \"How much time do you have left?\" \"Not long. About fifteen minutes.\" Fifteen minutes was good. That would give him a good amount of time to decide on a pick up line before his proposition to her, not that he hadn't been thinking about it. He had been thinking about it ever since he got the ring from Ardor's around the corner last Wednesday. And since then he had been waiting to find the perfect time. In between his lessons in which Lu Yan taught him more of the martial arts, plus Yen and Chi magic, which was good. He was already several levels high and he wanted to impress Emily with surprise fireworks coming out of nowhere, or to say to her, 'Look at this birdbath,' and fifteen seconds later for it to start sprouting water like a water fountain. Then she would say, 'Jason, did you do that?' and he would say, 'Maybe?' and she would ask, 'How.' He smiled at this. Yes, this would make the perfect proposition, and he knew just the birdbath he wanted to use. Finally his girlfriend got off work. \"Would you like to take a walk with me?\" Jason asked her and Emily smiled. \"I would like that,\" she replied. Jason smiled. \"Good, I know the perfect place to go.\" And he led her down the narrow, clean and organized street, not a single bit of trash in view. Then he took a right, and there was the birdbath. \"Look over there,\" he told and she looked. As she was faced away from him he lifted his arm slightly and the water tumbled upwards high into the air before arcing and coming down. He started another water shower in the center of the first one and stopped when Emily whispered, \"Beautiful.\" She turned to him. \"You did that, didn't you?\" Jason looked away innocently, playing games. \"You think I did?\" Emily smiled. \"Sometimes I dream of you, as if I had known you my whole life. I dream that I lived in ancient china and you were holding a golden staff.\" Jason snapped his attention and looked directly at her. \"You do?\" Emily chuckled. \"Why are you looking that way? It's only a dream.\" Jason didn't know what to think. Should he tell her? \"And how does your dream end?\" Emily smiled. \"Don't think too much on it. It's just a dream.\" Then she turned away from him and stared at the birdbath again. When she turned back to him Jason was on one knee and he had a box with a beautiful ring in it. \"Oh!\" she gasped in surprise. \"Will you marry me?\" asked Jason, and he hoped he was portraying confidence to her. Emily took the ring. \"It's about time you ask. I most definitely will.\" Then she took the ring out and put it on her hand. Amaterasu looked down on them. \"All goes well, she whispered. She seemed to be flying above them in the air and she knew that they couldn't see her. Suddenly she swished her hand through the air and she saw the white-haired woman in ancient China, the monkey king trapped in ice. \"Oh dear,\" she whispered. \"Things may not end well after all.\" Jason took Emily to the place where he worked. Lu Yan (as Hop) had offered him a job and he had delightedly agreed. This would also help to make their training more secret for if he went to the shop then everyone would assume he was going there to start some shift. But as he stepped in the shop he was met with a surprise. He stood there shocked, not knowing what to say, and finally he stammered, \"Lu Yan?\" \"Jason!\" said a much younger voice. Hop had somehow changed back into his younger self, with nothing else than wine in his right hand. \"Good to see you!\" He staggered towards Emily as if drunk though Jason knew otherwise. \"And who is this?\" Emily smiled. \"I'm Jason's fiancée, see?\" And she lifted up her hand to show him the ring. Some emotion played across Lu's face which Jason' couldn't understand. \"Congratulations,\" he finally was able to say, and then, \"Jason, come with me. My grandfather left some instructions for you.\" He took Jason by the ear and they went into a separate room, Lu pacing back and forth. \"What were you thinking?\" he finally said. \"I was thinking about getting married! And how is it that you're young again?\" Lu waved his hand in dismissal. \"Immortals are capable of faking their deaths and looking as if they're injured, though of course you've seen that. But we can also appear any age we want to be; we can only take the appearance, though, of what we would have looked like had we aged on.\" \"You mean you can look like a child?\" \"That's besides the point!\" Lu snapped. \"You can't marry her!\" This struck Jason hard. \"What?' he asked in shock. \"You can't marry her! At least not until she remembers all of who she is!\" \"Why?\" Jason asked, anger flooding through him. Lu looked gravely at him. Then he took a bottle of wine out. \"Oh no, I'm not becoming an immortal!\" \"I don't have a choice now. Both you and her must become like this, especially since its becoming so hard to work with both of you?\" \"And what will I tell her?\" \"Don't worry about that. I've got it covered!\" Lu started to go out the door but Jason held him back. \"What's going on?\" the young man asked his mentor. \"You're not telling me something.\" Lu sighed. \"Somehow the Jade Warlord got reincarnated and he remembers all of who he is. And he's after the both of you. That's why I was trying to keep you two separate, together you're a target. And Emily is vulnerable since she doesn't remember who she is. If she did she would be able to fight as strong as you.\" Jason had gone pale. \"Do you think he remembers about the Jade darts?\" \"I hope not.\" Lu and Jason walked out and Lu lifted the wine bottle out. \"A wedding present and tribute to both of you,\" he told Emily and poured out some wine to drink. Emily smiled sheepishly. \"It's kinda early, don't you think?\" \"That's because it's an early gift. Cheers!\" Each of them had a glass. Ni Chang was halfway around the world, her eyes closed as she watched them. \"Clever, Lu Yan.\" She smiled in pleasure that they did not know she was watching them. \"But you have no idea what I have planned. And you will have to rescue your friend eventually. Why, you've just made it easier for me.\" She opened her eyes and as vision flooded her, she perceived that she was in a dark tavern. She got up from her drink and left change on the table. The she exited the door, mischief in her eyes.[Chapter 4] Chapter Four: No Mercy Please not that I do not own the Forbidden Kingdom, or anything associated with it. The man was one was muscular but lithe, of Chinese origin, and with black hair flowing down his sides. The man was one that most people stayed far away from, his cold, unfriendly eyes something that people felt as well as saw. But such was his fate since his last death, no, his murder. He pictured in his head a woman, Emily, but she was different then. Her fierce countenance had looked at him as she prepared to kill him with a jade dart that was specially made by her. And she was the only one who knew how to make it. The witch, Ni Chang, had somehow made sure that he had reincarnated. But he did not have his immortality back, at least not yet. The Jade emperor had banished him, even in his reincarnated form, and so he had responded by learning chi magic. As it happens, you didn't need to be immortal to learn chi magic. Then he had cast out the Jade emperor, while still a mortal, and the man was wandering who knows where, unable to get back. Then there was also the problem with Ni Chang, whom he was in debt to. Because she hadn't succeeded in getting the immortal elixir, she was holding him responsible and she still wanted it. That was the only reason she had 'befriended' him, if you could call it that. He was in debt to her doubly. For that reason she had teamed up with him and together they had taken care of the Monkey King, keeping him drugged on a love potion that made him adore the witch on bended knee, giving her anything she wanted, even peaches to make the immortal elixir. But there was still an ingredient missing that couldn't be found anywhere else and they knew that they had to take care of the mortal problem, mainly Emily and Jason, before they could complete their mission for Emily and Jason would interfere. With them alive they would accomplish nothing. It was imperative that they be dead. But then Lu was there to, protecting them. He had spied his despicable pawn shop in one of the streets and he knew that with Lu teaching the boy chi magic that he would have to be careful. But Emily might be more easily targeted, for she seemed to remember nothing of her former life and that would make her vulnerable. Like him, she had lost all memory after reincarnation. But it could be brought back. After all, Ni Chang had spent countless hours raising him from a baby to a grown man and then using her magic to assist in bringing his memory back. It was only when he remembered who he truly was that the rage and anger had begun to develop. His empire was lost and gone and he so cherished it and the power he had once had. Then there were the abilities and chi magic he had had before he had remembered who he was. It was like he had been born with them. According to Ni Chang, they were even there when she had discovered his cradle after murdering his father and mother of this life. He didn't mind that. That couple had served their purpose in bringing him back. Not that they had a choice... So he had to be careful for the reason that Sparrow's fighting abilities would still remain, but perhaps they were dormant, waiting to be used. All abilities developed from previous lives always returned and there was no way to stop that. However, if you didn't have the ability beforehand, you would have to develop it, and once you developed it it would be with you forever, even in your next life. So now that Jason had learned chi magic he would have chi magic forever. He smiled to himself. If Sparrow found herself using the abilities and saw that Jason wasn't surprised, how would Jason respond? Would he tell her? He hoped not. He was counting on that. He walked down a narrow dark alley, waiting for someone and suddenly a young woman with pure white hair was at his side. \"Ni Chang?\" he greeted formally, but somewhat coldly. \"Show some respect, milord, for I am now your mentor. You are in debt to me, remember?\" A horrific smile formed on the witch's lips and she seemed delighted that she was now the master serving him on errands. \"And what is next?\" the Jade warlord asked. \"Mitchel, Mitchel, you have no patience, do you?\" \"I am in debt to an inferior. What do you expect?\" \"Watch yourself!\" she snapped coldly. \"In case you haven't forgotten, I could have left you without your memories. I delivered you the staff and you failed to give me the elixir. I raised you even though you know my hatred for men. That demands respect as your surrogate mother. I could have let you die a second death without food for what you did to me. You are in debt to me twice, for these two things. An eternal debt because I practically gave you life by raising you when you were helpless to feed yourself, you little mutt! I never had to do any of that. And yet what do I ask in return? Your service and devotion. That is all I have asked.\" She smiled again and licked her lips like a wolf. \"And sometimes I wonder,\" Mitchel replied, \"Why you simply didn't let me starve out of revenge. But that must have been because you need me in order to accomplish this.\" He turned to her. \"That's the case, isn't it?\" She shrugged. \"It makes no difference. We are allies only, not friends. We need each other for the glory and power we both want. I have learned chi magic on my own but you have been a master of it longer than I have, even with the magic to sustain me from aging over hundreds and thousands of years. And even then, that is not immortality. I am still vulnerable.\" \"Of course,\" the Jade warlord replied softly. \"Do not underestimate me,\" the woman warned suddenly, a dangerous manner in her tone, more than before. \"I can still kill you. Do you want me to do that? You're more vulnerable than I am.\" \"And what would you do with me gone? What of your plans then?\" \"I make sure your reincarnated again until you submit to me!\" She turned her back on him, getting ready to leave. \"No excuses; complete the mission successfully, or you'll wish you had.\" Then she was gone and the Jade warlord sighed. He had a mission to complete. Emily was in the shop closing up with Jason helping her. It had been a tough, but good day with lots of customers. Suddenly there was a black blotch near the window. \"Hey! We're not open!\" she called out. The next few moments happened quickly but her mind slowed it down. The glass windows broke; her mother screamed and ran for cover. Twelve men ran at her with what looked like swords and next thing she knew she was battling them, Jason fighting by her side. 'I know how to fight?' she questioned herself as the moves came by instinct. She struck out, parried blocks, kicked, punched, leaped, and spun around, summersaulting around the shop a few times as she fended off her attackers. Suddenly one of them grabbed her from behind. \"How do you make it girl? What is the recipe?\" \"The what?\" she shouted back, and then wriggled out of his grips. \"The recipe to make a jade dart!\" he shouted back and struck out with his sword. She ducked and went underneath the blade, no harm done to her. Jason screamed in fury and she got the idea that he knew something that he wasn't telling her. He chased them out and as Sparrow spied a few dart-looking hairpins she through three it at the retreating invaders to take them down so the police could arrest them. They fell down when it hit their legs, groaning slightly, and she gasped in surprise. They had been knocked out when they fell to the floor, but as she looked at them there was nothing wrong with them, nothing life threatening. But what was most surprising was that she could through it with such accuracy, let alone three at once. \"How did I do that Jason?\" she looked at him in panic. \"How did I do that?\" \"Never mind!\" he grumbled furiously. \"We have to go!\" He took her by the hand and next thing she knew, she felt like she was falling. There were still in their original clothes but the scenery had changed, a beautiful green landscape with trees dotting the distant. \"Where are we?\" she asked Jason but he turned around and didn't say a word. Instead he began walking away. She looked around in wonder once more before following him. \"Where are we?\"[Chapter 5] I do not own the Forbidden Kingdom Chapter Five: The Forbidden Kingdom Amaterasu looked in a pool of water that showed Jason Tripiticus and Emily. \"Hmmm,\" she said allowed to herself. \"They both have made it back safely so far, despite the enemies attack.\" Then she slapped her hand against the water and a new image formed, one of a furious Ni Chang as the woman reprimanded the warriors, more especially the former Jade Warlord. \"You fool!\" Ni Chang hissed at Mitchel. \"Our plan relied on them being dead and instead you allowed them to get away!\" Mitchel snorted. \"It's hardly my fault,\" he retorted. \"If your stupid plan had worked then we wouldn't have needed to worry whether or not Jason and Sparrow interfered.\" \"Don't you talk that way to me!\" snarled the witch back. \"And if it's true?\" Ni Chang slapped the Jade Warlord across the face. She had worked so long and hard for this and she couldn't have all this precious planning going down the drain! What was she to do with the incompetence of Mitchel and his little gang of boys? She glanced at the Monkey King who was stumbling around the kitchen, drunk on the love potion she fed him once every 300 years. She sighed; he would need more soon if she was to keep him under her control. And unfortunately the love potion didn't have the effect she wanted. Instead of divulging all the secrets she wanted him to, he only divulged some of them and acted like a fool the rest of the time. But what could she do? That was the only thing she could do to keep him from escaping for she had many things that she did and she didn't want to have to babysit him all the time. But because of the love potion when she ordered him to stay, he stayed. Now he was basically a slave to her, doing all the cooking and cleaning for her because he thought he loved her. Suddenly an idea popped into her head. Maybe there was something else she could do to get rid of Jason and Emily. But it had to work on the first try because if it didn't she was in a world of hurt. \"Mitchel,\" she whispered in her evil whisper. The Jade Warlord looked up. \"Yes,\" he replied in a sneering manner. \"I assume you have another plan, one that doesn't involve failure.\" \"And I would watch your tongue if I were you,\" she snapped back. \"I could easily cut it off when you are sleeping.\" She paused savoring the fact that she was now his superior. \"But yes,\" she replied. \"I do have a plan. I want you to use the Monkey King to lure Jason and Emily here. And when they are here, we will kill them!\" Jason and Emily were walking through a dense forest. Emily was frustrated. What was this place? And why did it look so familiar? \"Jason!\" she called out. \"I need to stop and rest.\" \"We can't stop,\" Jason replied. When Emily groaned in frustration he replied, \"I know that this isn't the ideal date but we need to keep moving.\" \"Technically this isn't even a date,\" she muttered. \"This is me following you goodness knows where and you keeping things from me.\" Jason stopped and turned around when he heard this. When Emily apologized for saying this he shook his head. \"No,\" he replied. \"Your right. I have been keeping things from you, for your protection.\" Emily stared at him furiously. \"I knew it!\" she shouted. Then she gave him a dark look, one of pain and anger. \"You've been seeing another girl, haven't you,\" she accused. Jason flinched. \"No,\" he responded truthfully. But Emily wouldn't believe him. \"Don't you lie to me Jason Tripiticus!\" she shouted. \"I know you've been acting strange for a few weeks, Always saying you've got to go, you have to go to work or something!\" She swallowed in frustration and betrayal. \"Who is it?\" she whispered. \"And if you love someone else, then why did you have to propose to me? Why couldn't you have broken off the relationship? Why did you have to play games with my emotions?\" Jason looked at her, unknowing what to say. How could she think that he loved someone else when she was the only one he loved? And how could she say that he'd been acting strange for a few weeks? True, he had to go places often without saying things to her because of the secret of his training with Lu Yan, his training in chi magic, but could she really believe that he'd chose some other woman above her? \"Emily,\" he whispered pleadingly. But she turned away. \"Emily, he begged. \"I've not been seeing anyone else. It's just, these last few weeks have been stressful especially with Lu Yan's hints that something bad was going to happen and I was so worried about you but I didn't want you to worry.\" He wondered if the truth that was in his voice could calm her fears but he didn't think so. And now that he thought about it, it was almost as if Lu Yan knew this was going to happen. All the hints he'd been dropping him. But why didn't he just tell him straight, like he did with other things? Emily still didn't believe him. \"Look,\" Jason tried another way. \"There was one time when I loved someone as much as you.\" Emily whipped around, looking straight at him. \"I knew it!\" she shouted. Jason held up his hands to get her to calm down so that he could finish. \"Do you remember those dreams you had, of living in ancient China?\" \"Yes,\" she responded, still angry. \"And I have a good reason to guess that I was in those dreams.\" Emily's mouth flew wide open at this. \"How did you know?\" she asked incredulously. Jason smiled. \"Do you know her name? The girl from the dream?\" When Emily shook her head Jason continued. \"Her name was Golden Sparrow and those dreams are true.\" Emily started looking at him like he was crazy. But then, as this sunk in, her chin became hard and she stared at him in anger. \"I guess those dreams are telling me that you are in love with another woman and that's the woman you're in love with!\" Jason flinched. She didn't get it. \"Yes, I'm still in love with her, but you haven't heard everything.\" \"And what more do I need to hear?\" Emily shouted. \"You've been cheating on me!\" \"No I haven't! Will you please listen?\" Jason exclaimed. When she calmed down he began to explain, \"She died, some time ago.\" But that didn't have the affect he was hoping for. \"What?\" Emily yelled. \"So I'm just a replacement? I'm only the second best? Aren't I good enough?\" \"You're not getting the point!\" Jason yelled back. Then he sighed, calming down. \"A long time ago, when Lupo attacked me, he saw a golden staff in my hand. That staff had chi magic and it pulled me back into a place called the Forbidden Kingdom in Ancient China, where we are now.\" And Jason gestured to their surroundings. \"It's only recently that I'm learning chi magic secretly, with Hop, which is where I've been going and when I've been telling you on the phone that I have to go. But, truthfully, the only way last time that I could have gone to the Forbidden Kingdom is with that staff.\" Jason sighed a bit and then stared at her. \"And that's where I met her.\" He spoke with conviction, trying to get her to realize who she was. \"I was just a little boy in teahouse then, when I met her,\" he told her, using words she had once spoken to him so long ago before Jason had gone to face the Jade Warlord alone. \"Not the kind she would stand and fight with. But as we journeyed, for some time, probably months, I learned to fight, and we fell in love.\" There was grief in his eyes and he noticed that Emily couldn't help but be curious. \"What happened then?\" she asked softly, believingly. Jason stared at her in grief. \"We were trying to return the staff to the original owner, the Monkey King. The Jade Warlord ruled then, and he was a tyrant. He... he murdered her family, so she wanted revenge. She came with us because she wanted to kill him. \"As we were journeying, one of our friends, Lu Yan, was injured.\" \"Lu Yan?\" she exclaimed. \"Yes, the one you met. He's actually Hop to; he can control his aging, make him look young or old, but that doesn't matter. Anyway, Lu Yan was injured and up until that point we thought he was one of the eight immortals. It wasn't until then that we found out that he wasn't so we got medical help. We found out then that there was an elixir of immortality and I knew if I got it, then he would survive. He would become immortal.\" \"What happened then?\" Emily asked. Jason grimaced. \"I wanted to get the elixir right away, even though that meant facing the Jade army. But one of our companions, the silent monk, thought it better to wait until there was no moon because then we would have a better chance. I thought Lu would be dead by then, so I went alone. Then the both of them came after me, a fight erupted, we got the elixir, and needless say she went after the Jade Warlord. He injured her, and well, she handed me a poison dart to kill an immortal, so I finished the task for. But it was too late. Sparrow died in my arms.\" Jason had tears streaming down his face as he said this. \"The Jade emperor returned to establish order because of the Jade Warlord's defiance to him, and I asked him if there was anything that he could do for her, but there wasn't.\" Emily also had tears in her eyes. \"I'm so sorry,\" she whispered. \"I didn't know, I didn't realize...\" Jason started smiling gently. \"But you don't have to,\" he whispered to her. \"I thought all was lost. The Jade emperor sent me back, and I saw her again.\" He took Emily's face in his hands and watched shock cross her face. Jason smiled. \"I knew you the moment I saw you. You are Golden Sparrow. You are the reincarnation of Golden Sparrow.\" Okay, so that's all for now. I'll end this on a cliffhanger. Do you like it? Read and review, please.[Chapter 6] Chapter Six: Denial Emily looked at Jason with wide eyes. Finally, after some of the shock had worn down, she whispered, \"What?\" Disbelief was on her face and she turned away from him, walking away. \"I'm no fool, Jason!\" she shouted. \"No!\" he called out. \"It's true! I swear it is! I'm not lying to you! Emily?\" He ran after her, desperate, the fear of losing her on his mind. \"Emily, come back!\" he called. \"Listen,\" and he caught up to her, grabbing her arm, forcing her to turn around. \"Let go of me, Jason!\" she shouted, pulling away from him and her struggles hurt Jason. \"I'm not lying to you, Emily, I swear.\" He glanced around desperately, hoping to prove it to her. \"Look, we'll go to a village, and if they recognize you, will you believe me?\" Sparrow thought on this. \"Maybe,\" she answered skeptically. \"But only if you can prove it for certain.\" Jason immediately lightened up. \"All right! Well, I know just where to go. Stay close to me, I don't want to lose you again. This can be a very dangerous place.\" Emily rolled her eyes, frustrated. \"Like I believe you,\" she muttered. Jason turned to her. \"Haven't you wondered at all those abilities that you can't explain? It's not as if you received any training on how to fight. It's from your last life.\" Emily stopped when she heard this. She thought on how trusting Jason had been with her previously, and yet so secretive. He seemed to know her likes and dislikes before she had even told him. And then there was Lu Yan. For some strange reason, it did seem like she had known him before. And the way he acted it was as if he knew her but didn't want to admit that he knew her. Memories from her previous life, about watching Jason train with the silent monk who was really an incarnation of the Monkey King, and with Lu Yan flooded her. She remembered that she had once mocked him because he was so frightened and useless, unable to defend himself. Then, as he was learning and growing as he mastered the various arts she remembered another woman with white hair chasing them. She seemed to know the girl, and seemed to want to be the one to kill her. She remembered losing her family in her previous life, and how, out of grief, she turned to revenge, becoming an assassin and taking out some of the Jade Warlord's most trusted mortal advisors. She also remembered that that was what had killed her. And the Monkey King had warned her that her vengeance would do this to her. Most importantly, she remembered falling in love with Jason, their unspoken words, the things that she wanted to say but never got the chance. She remembered riding side by side as he went to return the enchanting staff to the Monkey King while he was yet imprisoned in stone. She remembered seeing her face in the water, the exact same face that she had now, but perhaps slightly different. As she wondered on all this, she couldn't help but to start believing. \"Jason,\" she asked. He perked up immediately. \"Yes, Emily?\" \"I could throw darts in my previous life, couldn't I?\" And she turned to face him. Jason looked at her in surprise. \"Yes, you could,\" he answered. \"I remember it very well. When we first met, that was how you saved me. You took out a couple soldiers with your darts.\" Emily chuckled. \"Yes, I remember now. And I remember that very well. Lu Yan was trying to get you to jump from a roof because of all the soldiers coming after you. You refused to jump until the last minute. If I hadn't have thrown those darts, you would have been dead. That golden staff got us into a lot of trouble, didn't it?\" Jason laughed a little. \"Yes it did. It got many people pursuing us.\" Emily frowned suddenly, as the memories sparked through her. \"Jason, who was that white haired woman we came across?\" Jason's face suddenly darkened. \"The white-haired witch, also known as Ni Chang. She hated men, not that I blame her. I did some research on her when I came back to Boston and I found out that she was wronged by some men, more especially the man she fell in love with. That's why she hates us.\" He looked at Emily wonderingly. \"You remembering now, aren't you?\" Emily smiled proudly. \"Yes, yes I am.\"[Chapter 7] I don't own Forbidden Kingdom. But I had to do a lot of research on the internet for this chapter. You'll see why. Chapter Seven: Secrets (Ni Chang Point of View) Ni Chang wandered on horseback with her minions following her. She grinned. She knew something that the others didn't. \"Where are we going?\" the former Jade Warlord asked. Ni Chang smiled. \"Do you really think I'm going to tell you everything? After all, I'm sure that even you don't tell me everything.\" She smiled at this. No one had to know. Her condescending tone may have disgusted the Jade Warlord who once held status, but he had no idea the half about her. After all, who was he but once an immortal? She thought in glee. There was no way that Jason could challenge her. Even the Jade emperor wouldn't stand a chance. There was a reason she didn't die on that cliff. As they journeyed on she came to a river of water. Then, flying over the river she beckoned her men to do the same thing. A man waited on the other side. Mitchel frowned. \"I thought you didn't like men?\" he said. The witch smiled. \"But he is not a man, don't you see? Even the Jade emperor is not a man, he's more than that. But then again, he's both male and female...\" The man, who was dressed in all white, had some sunglasses on. But when he took them off Mitchel stepped back in fear. \"What's wrong with him?\" some whispered behind the man. Ni Chang smiled. \"She doesn't know yet?\" \"Who doesn't know yet?\" asked Mitchel. \"And why are you hanging out with this demon?\" \"He's not a demon?\" Ni Chang cooed. \"No,\" the strange man replied in a powerful voice, but it seemed to have a female counterpart as well. \"Her time is long since over. We have kept it from her.\" The strange man looked at Mitchel and his blood-red eyes seemed to pierce through him. Mitchel shivered. \"Quite a... group you've picked up there.\" \"And as long as you do your part there shall no longer be a Forbidden Kingdom or a China!\" the witch hissed. The stranger seemed to glow. \"All in due time,\" he replied in a voice that seemed to be made of roaring water that flows down a river. Then his shape shifted. His head became elongated and he developed pointy ears. When the transformation was complete the stranger was a giant female fox. She growled and then loped off, sending prey scurrying for cover. Once again the Jade Warlord shivered. \"I don't know what I've gotten myself into,\" he muttered. One of the men looked at Ni Chang in fear. \"Who was that?\" he asked in a trembling face with trembling lips. Ni Chang smiled. \"Her name is Inari.\" (Jason Point of View) Jason and Emily continued to make their way to a small village that the man knew was on the outskirts of the Forbidden Kingdom. He was surprised. Emily was able to keep up with him. But then again back when she was Golden Sparrow she did have a lot of stamina. He looked back and saw a determined expression on her face, one mixed with differing expressions as various memories swept through her. Sometimes they were ones of joy and happiness. Sometimes it was peace and calm. Sometimes it was fear, at other times anger and hate. And at other times it was love – love for him he knew. He sighed as he looked back at the small village in the distance. \"We'll need to buy some horses,\" he said in fluent Mandarin. Emily smiled, replying back in Chinese. Then Jason heard her think, using one of the many skills he had developed, 'So that's how he learned the many Chinese dialects that he knows! It's from when he traveled the Forbidden Kingdom. But then again I remember...' And a memory flooded her, one of Jason speaking to her, his language very efficient by then. 'It's too bad the language has changed somewhat. Then again, he did pick up the modern dialects very fast.' Jason had a huge grin on his face. He would never let her know that he was listening in on his thoughts. But he loved how she thought highly of his way of talking. 'She thinks my voice sounds pretty when I speak Chinese?' he asked himself. 'Huh.' Then Jason thought better about it and was embarrassed for listening in on his fiancé's thoughts. Emily was very fluent in Mandarin and Cantonese, more fluent than Jason was in both dialects. But then again that's because she grew up with it. Her whole family spoke Mandarin and Cantonese, and English since they were living in the US. Her parents were immigrants from China, gaining citizenship in the US many, many years ago. They spoke English very well, coming from a well-to-do family in China. In fact, they were descended from the last emperor that China had, back when they had royalty still. Had it been ninety years ago their lives might have been in danger. But now the danger had died down, though no one thought much of Chinese royalty. It was a miracle that her family had managed to stay in china all that long. Had the line of Chinese emperors continued, Emily would have been a notable princess of China. Not that she would have been Empress or anything. Jason didn't think they would have let her, despite her being the firstborn and an only child. They only let males take the throne, which was a pity, Jason thought. She would have made a great empress. But then again, had she been empress, he probably wouldn't have been allowed to date her. During the time that her family had stayed in China, after the Chinese royal family had been booted from the throne, they had kept a substantial amount of help. It was no wonder they had so much money. But Emily's family hid the fact that they were billionaires by living in the most humble of circumstances, a neighborhood filled with poverty, run-down shops, and of course, a store that could probably use some renovation. Jason didn't understand it. But then again, Emily didn't know that they were billionaires until a few years ago, when she reached adulthood and her family chose to reveal it to her and the fact that she was the heir of it all. They didn't care that she was a daughter, and she was the only heir. Her family was way to Americanized. They had thousands of stocks and bonds, gold and silver hidden somewhere, amongst other things including expensive jewelry that they were going to let Emily wear for her wedding to Jason. According to Emily, they had done this and raised her as if they were poor to keep Emily humble and so that she could understand what others went through and thus be generous. Emily was grateful; it made her a better person. When Emily had kids some day she wanted to do the exact same thing. \"Almost there,\" said Jason. Emily smiled. \"Good. I could use a drink of water.\" (Ni Chang Point of View) Ni Chang had left her men to make a camp somewhere. She expected it to be done when she got back. But first, there was something she wanted to do. She felt glee inside her. It was time for her to take this a step further. She journeyed through the woods, making her way back to the river. But when she got to the river she looked behind her to see that no one was watching. When she saw no one there she stuck out her hands and the river stopped flowing. Then she walked across, smiling, and as she stepped onto the bank the river began flowing with again with a thud. She sighed. 'Oh, how I have longed for this day,' she thought. 'Vengeance on all the people I hate! Vengeance on all the men I hate!' She continued walking on. (Amaterasu Point of View) Amaterasu was watching Jason and Emily as they trudged up the hill to the village. She smiled. All was going according to plan. But she tensed as she felt someone behind her. She sighed and then turned around. Ni Chang was standing behind her, triumph on her face. Her face glowed in excitement. \"Hello, mother.\" Tears went down Amaterasu's face. \"Hello Tagiri-hime. I should have known, daughter, that it was you behind this treachery.\" So, did you like the latest chapter? If you want to understand things a bit more, try looking up Japanese mythology. Look up their gods and goddesses. Read and review please?[Chapter 8] I don't own The Forbidden Kingdom. Chapter Eight: Tagiri-hime (Amaterasu Point of View) Tears went down the goddesses face. \"I saw you doing all these things, and yet I would not believe it.\" \"That's because you were foolish!\" Ni Chang hissed. \"You became a witch, so long ago, an evil witch, and I could not bring myself to call you evil.\" \"Come now, mother!\" Ni Chang whispered loathingly. \"You saw it coming. You were just in denial! And so you sent others to stop me.\" \"I had to do something,\" pleaded Amaterasu. \"And now you're at my mercy mother! You took away my godhood! This is all your fault! You banished me and I reincarnated myself!\" \"I couldn't let you remain a goddess, not while you were doing all these things!\" Amaterasu wept. She looked at her daughter a long time. \"Who's involved with you daughter? You're somehow able to hide things from me, and yet sometimes I can see you and watch you, like when you were scolding Mitchel.\" Ni Chang smiled. \"Do you really think I'm going to tell you? And what makes you think that others are involved with me?\" Amaterasu gave her daughter a long glare. \"I may rule the heavens, by the right my mother and father, your grandparents gave me, but now even I feel the elements turning against me.\" Tagiri-hime said nothing. Then, she turned around to go. \"You'll know when you feel threatened,\" she whispered to her mother and then began walking away. \"Wait!\" shouted Amaterasu desperately. \"Talk to me, daughter! Tell me what you want! Tell me what you're planning!\" \"Never!\" whispered Ni Chang and then she was gone. Amaterasu stayed behind, weeping. She couldn't bear to go after her daughter. As she wept the heavens rained and the sun darkened. Her brother who was usually mean to her was weeping with her. But he wasn't usually this compassionate. Was he mocking her? (Jason Point of View) As they reached the village it began raining. \"I wish I had my umbrella,\" he muttered and then he trudged along beside Sparrow as they made their way up the hill.\" \"At least we're not wading through mud,\" Sparrow commented and Jason nodded his head. \"That would be highly unpleasant.\" \"And not to mention not very enjoyable.\" Jason sighed. \"The sooner we get to the village the better. Maybe someone will give us some shelter.\" And as he said this they entered the village. Jason looked down on the rice fields below them. They seemed to be doing well. Suddenly the sun turned black and there was no light. People gasped in surprise and fell down in fear. \"What is going on?\" he heard people say. \"Something's wrong!\" \"I can't find my baby! I can't see her!\" Jason felt Emily trembling at her side. \"What is this? What's happening?\" \"I don't know,\" Jason murmured quietly to her. \"But I doubt that an immortal could do this.\" \"No,\" Emily replied after a moment of thought. \"You're right. Not even the Jade emperor could.\" \"Then what is it? Is it some power that we don't know of? Do you know something – remember something that could help us?\" Emily shook her head. \"I don't know. I don't remember everything, you know?\" Jason began shivering as an image popped into his mind. \"Could the witch Ni Chang do this?\" \"She's less powerful than the immortals! There's no way that she could!\" Little did they know that that wasn't the entire truth. (Ni Chang Point of View) Ni Chang got back to camp as it began raining and the sun turned black. \"Excellent, mother,\" she muttered to herself. \"Go ahead, lose your sanity! You're only affecting the 'poor innocent human lives' down here. And for that, they'll be angry.\" Then she smiled. \"But I don't think you've lost your cool like this for a long time. There was only one other time when you refused to shine for the world. And that was before I was born. People have forgotten what it's like to lose the sun's light. And because they're so dependent on the light, they'll be angry with you.\" Ni Chang walked over to her tent, feeling her way around. She knew what it was like to walk around in the darkness, so it didn't faze her so much. But she could feel the fear in the minds of the men around her. \"What is this? What is this?\" Mitchel was shouting. \"Not even the Jade emperor has power such as this, to command the sun and moon! No immortal does!\" Ni Chang smiled and she knew they couldn't see her. The former goddess knew. She knew what was going on. And she once had power as powerful as this until her mother had taken it away from her. She, Tagiri-hime, a great water goddess, daughter of Amaterasu. Oh, how she missed her power. She missed what she could do and though an immortal's powers were puny at least it was something greater than the power she held as a witch. That was partly why she wanted to become an immortal. Its power was on step closer to that of a minor god's or goddesses, even though a minor god or goddess's powers would make an immortal's look dwarfed in comparison. She never died when Lu Yan cast her down the cliff. She couldn't die if she didn't want to, she once being a goddess. That was the down side of her mother's plan. She couldn't eliminate her entirely. But she could die if she wanted to. Long ago when her mother cast her out and took away her godhood she traveled time and was reborn among the wolves. She made sure she ended up a witch because at least a witch has power. Ni Chang gazed up at the black sky in delight. All was going according to plan. Read and review please! I decided, since I haven't updated in a while, that I'd give you two chapters. Sorry about not updating in a while![Chapter 9] And now it's time for a fun chapter. I don't own the Forbidden Kingdom or any of the Pirates of the Caribbean movies. Chapter Nine: Cheers! It's Good to be Immortal! (Lu Yan Point of View) Lu Yan grinned widely as he poured himself another generous helping of wine. He staggered around like a drunkard over to the remote and turned the TV on, the modern clothing itchy and uncomfortable compared to the loose clothing he had worn years ago in the forbidden kingdom. The TV featured a young Jack Sparrow and as the man staggered around like a drunkard Lu Yan laughed, saying at the same time as the pirate on television except in a more drunk manner, \"Drink up me hearties, yo ho!\" Then he tipped more wine into his mouth, spilling it all over his clothes. He laughed, joyous that his wine could be so delicious, forgetting about Jason and Emily for a minute. His preoccupied mind savored the flavor of the wine, but to his annoyance he was interrupted on the meditation of the exact combination of jade, cinnabar, and mercury that flowed into his mouth as he heard voices from outside the shop. He thought he recognized them and as one of the boys said, \"Yo Aaron, let's see what that old shrink Hop is up to!\" the man growled. \"Lupo,\" Lu Yan disgustedly spat out and he got up without much effort, his drunken form eager for a fight. It was only because Jason needed to be sent to the Forbidden Kingdom that he had allowed that bully to shoot him. But now it was time for some fun revenge, though he didn't know if this was against the rules of the immortals or not. But for some reason he didn't care. There was a ding of a bell as the door to the shop opened and Lupo walked in with his gang, no sign of a gun on either of them (not that it mattered). \"All right, old man,\" Lupo shouted, his anger setting in. \"We know you're in here. We've got some business to settle.\" Lu smiled and staggered forward. Sure, they would think he's drunk and helpless, but he would know better. \"Long day,\" he answered them in slurred speech. \"I don't think I'm an old man, do you?\" Lupo took in his rather young form and immediately barreled forward into Lu, his hand around his neck as he threatened, \"Where's the old man?\" \"What old men?\" Lu responded with a wicked grin. \"I don't see any old men in here, do you?\" Then, despite the fact that Lupo's hand was around his neck, he took a swig from his coconut canteen filled with wine. \"Leave him alone, Lupo. He's just a drunk man,\" the man's second-in-command responded urgently, hoping to avoid a fight, which was not Lu Yan's intention. \"Shut up!\" Lupo responded and Lu immediately mocked his voice saying, \"Shut up!\" Then he took another drink. Lupo flicked a knife out of his pocket and immediately the second-in-command stepped forward. \"Whoa!\" he shouted in panic. \"Dude! You don't want to do that this time! Remember what happened last time? Besides, if J-dog found out we were here, we're dead man!\" \"Yeah!\" another put in. \"You pulled a gun on him and he kicked it right out of ya hand!\" \"Shut up!\" Lupo shrieked. \"Where's the old man?\" he asked Lu again with the knife against his throat still, despite the protest of the others. But Lupo wasn't fazed. \"That's a pretty knife you've got. You know how to use?\" he smirked, still acting drunk at the young man, adding hiccups at the end for an effect. \"Big knives hurt people. People who hurt others end up getting hurt worse.\" He took another drink and wiggled out of the man's hand, heading towards the TV leaving Lupo shocked. No one had dared to address him like that before, not even Jason. Jason just got physical which was why Lupo stayed away from him. Jason policed him now days and Lupo and his gang didn't dare get on Jason's bad side. But soon Lupo recovered. \"Are you testing me?\" he roared at the man. \"Are you threatening me?\" \"Lupo,\" his lieutenant cautioned. \"Shut up!\" Lupo commanded. \"Dude, he's just a drunk. Let's get out of here before something happens or the police show up!\" \"No!\" Lupo shouted and walked intently over towards Lupo and flipped the man around. \"I wouldn't do that,\" Lu warned but it went unnoticed by the angry gang leader. Lupo attempted to punch Lu and the immortal moved out of the way, his wine spilling out onto his shirt. He couldn't help but smirk as Lupo's lieutenant's eyes widened in shock and as the man gasped, \"The drunk man can fight? And while he's drunk?\" Because Lupo had missed he ended up punching a glass item and stepped back, holding his fist while gasping. \"Ooh,\" Lu replied condescendingly. \"That looks like it hurts.\" \"Lupo, no!\" the lieutenant shouted again but to no effect. Lupo attacked again, kicking, punching, and lunging to no effect. Lu dodged them all in a drunken manner and then caught one of his legs, and twisted it, causing Lupo to collapse onto the floor. \"Still looking for the old man?\" Lu grinned. Lupo got up again and began anew his attack. But Lu swept his legs and Lupo landed hard on a table causing an alarm to go off. The gang looked around in fear as this happened and Lupo gasped as he observed his injured leg. Once again Lupo got up and attacked but was down in an instant. As Lu stepped forward the gang stepped back. \"Who are you?\" Lupo asked incredulously, fear in his now shivering voice. \"And where is Old Hop?\" Lu smiled and took a knife out, causing the others to gasp. Surely they thought he was going to kill Lupo. But instead he simply stabbed his heart and pulled it out. \"I'm an immortal!\" he told them, giving up the drunk act. Then he raised his elixir glass. \"Cheers to immortality!\" \"But where is Old Hop?\" Lupo asked, respect and fear now in his voice. \"You're looking at him!\" Lu explained. \"I am Old Hop!\" Then he shifted forms to the old man they would recognize. Lupo didn't seem convinced. \"The old man could get hurt,\" he pointed out. But Lu merely took out the knife and stabbed himself again, letting the illusion of blood appear. The gang's eyes widened, and then the wound was gone. \"At the hospital I made it look like it was healing, but it wasn't actually injured. You see? I'm immortal. I can't truly get hurt but sometimes I must give the appearance of getting hurt. Back when I was mortal I could get hurt though.\" Suddenly sirens were heard outside. \"Oh, no!\" Lupo's lieutenant exclaimed. \"We're in trouble for sure.\" \"Not necessarily,\" Lu offered. \"You see, I have an offer. If you promise to give up your criminal ways and help me on a little task then we can be friends and I can get you out of this situation.\" \"How?\" Lupo questioned with suspicion as if he didn't want to trust the man. But Lu looked at them. \"Do we have a deal? I don't have time to dilly dally around and I need an answer. That is unless you'd rather answer to the police?\" Lupo shook his head and looked at his gang. They all nodded. \"You have a deal,\" he told the man. \"You must give up your old acts, earn an honest living, and turn from your criminal ways. And you must be sincere about it.\" \"Fine!\" Lupo snapped. Lu smiled and changed back to his young form just as a voice outside the shop called out, \"Freeze! This is the police! Come out with your hands up!\" \"What are you going to do?\" Lupo asked with fear as he saw they were surrounded. But suddenly the scene changed around him and they were in the middle of some rice fields, animals lowing on a distant highway. \"What is this?\" he asked as he and his gang looked around in confusion. Lu staggered forward, his old habits comforting. \"Welcome to the Forbidden Kingdom.\" I'm sorry that I haven't updated in a while. I was gone on vacation without access to everything I needed for a couple of weeks otherwise I would have updated sooner. Please review![Chapter 10] I do not own The Forbidden Kingdom. Chapter Ten: Unexpected Arrivals (Jason Point of View) Ever since the incident where the sun had refused to shine, people had been terrified. Many had wondered whether the Jade Emperor had anything to do with it, but everyone knew that not even an immortal could do something as powerful as changing the sunlight into darkness. Jason was disturbed. It seemed as if the trouble had followed him from his time into the time of the Forbidden Kingdom. There was no way that this was separate. \"It's a good thing that Sparrow and I are immortal,\" he muttered to himself. This was somewhat of a comfort and protection for him because now he knew that he certainly wouldn't lose his beloved fiancé to death again. They only way either of them could be killed would be with a Jade dart and only Sparrow knew how to make that. Thus, she was the only one who could kill an immortal. But then again she didn't remember how to make them, only that she had. Emily's memories of being Golden Sparrow were slowly returning. Jason knew it was only a matter of time before she remembered everything about her former life, including how she had died. The man shivered at this. Even he didn't like remembering Sparrow's death. He couldn't imagine being the one remembering dying, and the pain involved in the experience. He sincerely hoped that this memory didn't affect her in a bad way. As Jason stepped outside, curious to see what would happen today, he saw the sun high up in the sky. Jason sighed. It was almost as if the sun incident had never occurred. \"I wonder what will happen today,\" he talked to himself. Then, seeing a couple of villagers struggling with bringing the water they had drawn from the river, Jason used his chi magic to levitate it and set it in front of their cottage. The two ran up to him. \"Thank you, kind sir,\" they said, and the woman and her husband bowed to him, and then ran off to take the barrels of water into their house. Jason sat down in the dirt. Yes, he remembered the time traveling here very well. True, it was a hard life, but it was also a simple life, one filled with certain luxuries that not even his time had. Oh, how he missed this place! He so wanted to take Emily around and show her the different places they had gone (maybe not the dessert) and then take her out to the tea house where they first met. He had gone back in time to that tea house again and again and he was now good friends with the owners. They welcomed him every time he came. It was as he was thinking about this that he noticed something unusual in the distance. Many people were traveling to the village on foot. He couldn't see them good enough to distinguish by looks who they were yet, but one was the unmistakable drunken waltz of Lu Yan. \"Lu!\" Jason called out and Emily ran out the door the moment she heard him calling. \"Lu's here?\" Emily said, shining in excitement and delight. \"We have yet to thank him for the wine!\" \"Yes,\" Jason began slowly. \"You do realize that he had us drink it so we could become immortal, don't you?\" Emily snorted as if that should be obvious. \"Of course I do! I remember him drinking wine all the time, don't I?\" \"Ah,\" Jason responded, glad that she was going back to her former self. The drunken immortal continued towards them at a steady pace, the others trailing behind in what must have been exhaustion. \"Lu!\" Emily cried out in delight and hugged him when he finally reached them. The man hugged them back. \"I brought you some helpers, Jason!\" he chuckled and then took a swig out of a canteen made of coconuts. Jason looked behind Lu to see who was trailing behind him and saw the unexpected faces of Lupo and his gang that used to terrorize Boston. As Lupo traveled up the hill to them, he could see the guy struggling to make it up the steep hill where they were. His chest was heaving in exhaustion and by the time he made it to Lu's side, he asked Lu, \"Are we there yet?\" Then, to everyone's surprise, he fainted. The others collapsed onto the grass, but they didn't faint. As they took a little rest Lu stared down on Lupo's still figure. \"Huh,\" he responded, completely uninterested, and then he took another drink of wine. Jason and Emily also stared down at Lupo. \"Well,\" Jason began. \"This is unexpected.\" (A few hours later) (Jason Point of View) Lupo and the gang had been taken into the house where Jason and Emily were staying. When Lupo was placed on the bed Jason and his fiancé walked over to Lu to talk to him. \"I remember some of my last life now,\" Emily informed him. \"That's good!\" Lu responded, and he sat down. \"It feels good to get off my feet!\" Jason and Emily also sat down. \"I also know that you made us immortal.\" \"Yeah,\" Jason replied. \"Care to explain more to us about that? Doesn't that mean there are more rules now?\" \"Something like that,\" Lu frowned, considering their response. \"I did it for your safety. There is a reason you were brought back, and the only way you can fulfill the prophecy is if you are both immortal.\" \"Prophecy?\" Jason echoed. \"What prophecy? About us again?\" Lu nodded. \"There is a prophecy that says the seeker and the one reborn will be able to defeat old enemies believed to have been dead.\" \"I'm not too eager to go there again,\" Jason replied. \"But surely there is more than that?\" Emily exclaimed, still confused. When Lu shook his head she added. \"There has to be more going on than that!\" Then she and Jason related their experience with the sun blackening. Lu listened intently. \"When I went back in time, it was to a time period after this one, and I heard tales amongst the immortals of this incident.\" \"Do you know what caused it?\" Jason asked. Lu shook his head. \"One can only guess.\" He sighed and then glanced at Lupo's sleeping form. \"Why bring them?\" Jason asked with skepticism. He wasn't too sure whether bringing Lupo along would be a good idea or not. After all, Lupo was a bully. He didn't want to get a bad reputation because of Lupo's actions, and have other villagers afraid of him. But Lu only smiled, seeming to remember something. Then he poured each of them a glass of immortal wine and held his cup up, the two others confused. \"Cheers!\" Lu toasted. \"To immortality! It's good to be immortal!\" So, here's my next chapter. Read and review, please![Chapter 11] I don't own the Forbidden Kingdom. Chapter Eleven: The Great Goddess Tagiri-Hime (Ni Chang Point of View) Ni Chang could gloat all she wanted. Soon, after her mother was blackmailed, she would be a goddess once more. And then her mother would see. Amaterasu would see the mistake she made in making her beloved daughter a mortal. And she would pay for it. The white-haired woman walked around camp, giving orders as she prepared to take the Jade Emperor's throne. That was the first step. Once she did then she would be one step closer to gaining back her goddesshood. But first, she would have to deal with Jason and Emily. She sighed. There was only one way. She would have to get information first. The woman closed her eyes and a second later she was in a small cottage, the monkey king in front of her, acting crazy. A large basin was by her side and she drew a steaming potion from it. \"Come,\" she told the Monkey King soothingly, luring him to his doom. \"Come have more medicine. This potion will make you feel better. I've prepared it just for you.\" \"Okay!\" the Monkey King giddily replied, bounding over to her like a hyperactive monkey, not acting like himself at all. Ni Chang smiled. She knew why. The potion made him different, gave her control over him. The Monkey King was laughing as he took the cup and drank from it. His eyes curled upwards and he fainted, groaning. \"Want more, want more,\" he murmured almost incomprehensibly. Ni Chang carried him over to a chair so that he could rest. She paced around, growing impatient. \"Tell me what you know about Jason Tripitikus!\" she demanded. \"I already told you,\" was the response, and then a muffled laugh came. \"The witch wants to know more! The witch wants to know more!\" Ni Chang hissed in frustration. \"What is he likely to do to stop me!\" she yelled. The Monkey King shrugged. \"He'll probably fight you. Bang, bang, boom!\" Then he let out more weak laughter, hyper. Ni Chang sighed. He was of no more use. He had lost it. She growled and transported herself back to her time. \"Prepare for battle!\" she snapped. One of her men nodded and sent an eagle into the sky. The eagle soared high above the earth and into a different camp. There, it landed on a wooden stake placed into the ground that was high above the earth. When a man in blood red and gold stepped out, he held out his hand and the eagle soared, circling above for a moment, and then finally landing on his arm. He took the letter out and red it. \"Make way for battle!\" he shouted, and the ground began to rumble. The earth opened up, and many people, riding hideous animals of various sorts came out of the crevices that had formed in the earth. The earth began to tremble again and the land shifted, causing the camp to go upwards a few hundred feet in the air, causing many to gasp in shock. Moments later water flooded in, coming from far away, and gigantic boats with sails were then circling the camp on three sides. The camp was now in the midst of a wide ocean. The sails were also blood red and gold, and as they came close to the shore, the sun darkened yet again. The earth went completely black and there was no light. But the leader gave the order anyways, many people continuing to come out of the holes that had just formed in the earth, an underground society that had existed for many thousands of years. \"Board the ships!\" the man called. \"Serve your goddess! Bring her back to her goddess-hood!\" He sounded a battle cry and the others pitched in, unsheathing their swords, yelling loudly, eagerly. It was time for them to leave. \"Support your goddess! Make her the queen of the gods!\" the man shouted. He had on a samurai outfit, and he looked very young for his age. He was thin, but obviously strong from the many muscles that bulged. He had no mustache and medium red hair. He wasn't Japanese, but he had been raised in Japan. He looked more Irish, but he spoke with a Japanese accent. \"It is time for Tagiri-Hime to rule! Overthrow Amaterasu! Her time is over! All the gods and goddesses have spoken and found her weak but her daughter strong! It is time for Tagiri-Hime to rule heaven and earth!\" They shouted once again, a long, drawn out battle cry. Then they shouted praises to Tagiri-Hime, praises of success and gratitude. \"Long live Tagiri-Hime! Long live Tagiri-Hime!\" they shouted in Japanese and all their native dialects. They shouted in many languages, having come from all over the world, organized to bring Tagiri-Hime victory. \"Long live Tagiri-Hime!\" They shouted again and flooded the ships in waves, many falling over the edges and to their deaths in the excitement because they had no light for them to see with. But all in all, the army stayed intact. They were like ants in number. They were a massive body with one purpose: to destroy and make Tagiri-Hime their queen. They hoisted the sails gladly, turning the ship around to head towards land. But instead of bumping up against the land another earthquake would occur and more land would open up in front of them causing massive amounts of water to flood in and the ships to move without need for the sails on them because of the movement of the water as a path was drilled in the middle of the land to take the deep seafaring ships through with ease. And yet they still had a lot of room to maneuver as if they had been on the ocean. The Irish looking man moved with ease in the darkness as he went to find his ink bottle, for they all moved around by feel since many of them had never known sight and had grown up in the darkness. Then, writing quickly, he sent the bird in the air who had been trained to fly without sight. In fact, the eagle was blind since birth. She found her way to Ni Chang's outpost in no time. A man took her down and read the note. He read the note by feeling the paper. It was amazing. Even though the ink was dry, he could feel where the ink was and the shapes the ink made. That was how they read. They didn't need raised bumps to read. They did everything without sight. He felt his way so swiftly to Tagiri-Hime, and he was practically running towards her. For one living with sight all their lives it would have been an amazing thing that one could move that fast. The way he moved it was as if he were in full light and could see well. Such was the way it was for them. In fact, the only people who had fallen off the ships and into the water were the people who weren't used to moving without sight. \"The Dark Army is on the move,\" he announced to her. Ni Chang's hair glowed and looked silver in the darkness. She nodded and the man could immediately tell, although he could not see her. He could feel it; he could feel the motions of it and the way that it affected the air waves and everything else around it. \"That is all,\" she told him. \"Dismissed. The man bowed to her and went his way out. Ni Chang closed her eyes, trying to imagine her victory. \"Soon,\" she murmured to herself. \"Soon.\" I am really, really sorry that I haven't updated this story in some time. I apologize! So, here's this chapter, and you're introduced a bit to the Dark Army and how they live and work. I hope you enjoyed it. Read and review, please![Chapter 12] I don't own The Forbidden Kingdom. I apologize for not updating this story regularly, and I promise it will be regular now, as I will rotate the stories that I update. I also understand that it's not very long, and I apologize for that. Hopefully the next chapter will be slightly longer. Please read and review! Chapter Twelve: Beginning of the Days of Darkness (Jason Point of View) Early the next day when Jason got up, he noticed an eerie glow about the sun. It was almost as if there were a halo about the sun, but it was a halo of blackness. It wasn't anything that was ordinary, that's for sure. Disturbed, he looked away and it wasn't until Lu Yan came out that it was mentioned. Apparently the villagers were distressed due to it, but because it hadn't gone away, they felt that there was nothing they could do, and thus they warily tended their chores while glancing up at the sky with weary expressions, almost afraid of what it could mean. But children were still fed, clothes mended, and farmers went out to their rice fields to tend to them. It was amazing that anyone could work in these conditions when no one knew what loomed around the horizon. Jason walked around the village, wondering what he and Emily were supposed to do. Fighting an immortal? No problem! Dealing with something like this where you couldn't even control the sky? Now that's another thing. 'Well,' he thought. 'I guess that there isn't much that I can do. I suppose that the most we can do is find Ni Chang and begin to ask questions, as well as go to the Jade Emperor. Maybe he can give us advice that we can't get anywhere else.' But even then Jason doubted it. He felt that they were dealing with something bigger than before and if they didn't solve this case then it would be the end of everything they knew. Sighing, he went and found Emily in a deep conversation with Lu Yan about her past. \"So, what's next?\" Jason asked, wanting direction from his former mentor as if Lu could give it. Lu shrugged. \"We journey on, I suppose. I have absolutely no idea. Remember, in the timeline of immortals I've barely been alive myself.\" \"And we've been alive even less time than you,\" Jason pointed out. Lu shrugged once again, a troubled look he must have been concealing suddenly becoming evident. \"True. But that doesn't mean that I know more than you.\" Emily sighed. \"Then what are we supposed to do if we can't even figure out how to fight whatever this new evil is?\" Lu looked away, fear on his face for the first time, something Jason had never seen before. There was usually that playful look, that casual appearance, even the last time on their last adventure in the Forbidden kingdom. But now even that was gone, replaced by the look one would think that only an aging and exhausted man would give. \"We fight,\" he said simply, unable to give better advice. \"Even if we don't know what we're fighting. We still fight, especially for the small villages like these.\" And with that he gestured to everyone around him, and Jason had a sudden curiosity as to where the man grew up. Perhaps it was in a village like this? Was this like home to him? Was he homesick? At least as an immoral who was a Zen master he could pass back and forth through time, but he pitied those who didn't have such capabilities because unless they were taken back the world was ever changing and they moved farther and farther away from home with each step that the took, moving ever so slowly into the future. Jason was still trying to become a Zen master, but he was still at least ten years off before he was truly sufficient enough to be considered one. But at least he knew some things. And at least he could do small leaps in time. Well, a few hundred years for him was considered a small leap, such as what he'd had to have jumped to get to this time in the Forbidden kingdom. It wasn't like he was jumping a thousand years or so. But still, even Jason understood where Lu was coming from. When he had first come to the Forbidden kingdom he too was homesick. In fact, if he hadn't fallen in love with the place and country, and for Sparrow for that matter, he didn't know what he would have done. He probably would have perished. It was these kind people, like Lu and Sparrow, taking him in and mentoring him that made it so that he had the skills to survive. He owed his life to them. If it wasn't for them and what they still continued to do for them he undoubtedly would not have survived to go home. Jason sighed, impatient to get everything over with. \"Then perhaps we could leave at dawn?\" he suggested. Lu nodded. \"We leave at dawn.\" I know! I'm so terrible! I should have been updating this story more frequently and more regularly, but I didn't! I apologize to all my readers who have waited so long to get an update, and they didn't! But I assure you that the days of waiting are over as I am still working on this story, and I will be updating regularly. What I will be doing is rotating between my stories, so that all of them get updated. I hope my readers are still with me! I know that I should have been more on top of things! Please read and review and know that I still am working on this story! I haven't given up on it! Sincerely, Firestar'sniece[Chapter 13] I don't own the Forbidden Kingdom. Chapter Thirteen: The Jade Army (Ni Chang Point of View) Much like the Jade Warlord had done anciently, Ni Chang watched her troops dispatch into the night. It was now daylight once again, and as she watched them go, she smiled. 'Soon you will see my vengeance, the great Tagiri-hime,' she thought to herself, savoring the moment when she would overthrow her mother. \"You will know,\" she said aloud. \"What it's like to be alone for all these years!\" Suddenly, something caught her attention and she seemed to be looking in the distance. She saw Jason travelling with his former companions, and she hissed in frustration. (Jason Point of View) A few days had passed and as they travelled through the Forbidden Kingdom, Jason noticed the uneasiness of all the subjects. Nothing could be as disconcerting as having the sun refuse to shine for a while. The plan was to meet with the Jade Emperor and discuss their options. But first, Jason wanted some answers, including why the sun had blackened. Sighing to himself, seeing the five elements mountain in the distance, itched to just transport himself and the others there, or 'teleport' as it would have been called in his day and age. It was one of the advantages of being immortal. All they had to do was think of where they wanted to be and then they were there, and anyone else they wanted to bring along. Except there was one tiny problem. Lu had specifically said 'no' the first time and warned him against it. \"We don't know who's watching us,\" the man explained and at this Jason's eyes widened in surprise as if saying, 'somebody's watching us'? Lu hesitated. \"Yes,\" he admitted. \"I think we're being watched, and the thing we need least right now is to attract attention. We want to hide the fact that you two are immortal. It will be our secret weapon.\" \"What else have you been keeping from me?\" Jason asked, some mistrust suddenly appearing. \"What else do you know? Do you know who's behind this?\" Lu shook his head. \"I don't, and neither does your bride.\" Jason shook his head, this experience still playing in his head. He wanted nothing more to forget it. He hated the unknown, and for an immortal, that was even worse than the unknown for a mortal. Lupo was sleeping under a tree. Surprisingly, he'd calmed down and seemed almost afraid of Jason, Emily, and Lu. Well, it did make sense. Lu did kick his butt. But seeing the sun blacken had scared him out of his wits to, but he wouldn't admit it. He was still trying to play tough like always. Although he wasn't as eager to start a fight, which was a good start. Laying his head to rest for the night, knowing that they would be to five elements mountain and thus in the presence of the Jade Emperor and Empress the next day, which was a relief to think about, the hairs on his back rose straight up. A twig snapped and he heard a distinct growl. Suddenly, voices in the distance were heard and Jason immediately stood up, noticing the others did the same. An army crashed through the brush that surrounded them and immediately began attacking. Shocked, Jason stood frozen for a little bit and was stabbed, but he didn't bleed or die, thanks to the fact that he was immortal. Stepping back to where the blade no longer pierced his skin, he began fighting back, for the Forbidden Kingdom and for his bride. Emily, the old skills of Sparrow resurrected in her, was fighting as well, as was Lu with his usual drunken-like method. But, unfortunately, Lupo and the gang when faced this kind of adversity, turned tail and ran, Lupo being the first to do so and the others following suit. \"Cowards!\" Jason muttered under his breath. Sure, they would fight as long as they had the advantage and they were sure that they were in a position to win! But when it came to being outnumbered they acted like cowards and ran away, leaving others to defend the camp. The soldiers were wearing uniforms that Jason had never seen before, and Jason wondered who it could be, and who had sent them. As he fought desperately to make a way so that perhaps one of them could warn the Jade palace, he suddenly was knocked down, there being too many of them, and fresh warriors constantly pouring in. He soon realized that this wasn't just an average army, much like what the Jade Warlord had had. These were trained professionals in the martial arts, and one of their soldiers could easily match the skills of one of them, despite the fact that they were outnumbered. And Jason could tell that a number of them were immortal for they were using chi magic. Lu, who had been fighting of few of them, had fallen due to the fact that these immortals outnumbered them. Whoever had chosen them to fight had selected who would be in this army carefully. Falling down harshly he fought as they moved to restrain him, putting magical ropes on him that even he couldn't take off. He was helpless, but he struggled none the less. He heard Sparrow get gagged and it wasn't long after that the same thing was done to them. \"Let's bring them home!\" someone shouted, more than likely the leader, and Jason felt himself being picked up, a blindfold being put on his head, and he struggled but to no avail. He was too tightly bound. He felt himself being thrown in some kind of cart, the contact with the hard wood not hurting him since was immortal, but he was surprised to hear the grunt of someone else – Lupo. Evidently he and the rest of the gang that had chosen to flee had been pursued and caught. Jason, without anything to say, did his best to sit up, having no eyesight to help him. \"Move on!\" some command from outside the cart was given, and he heard the door slam shut, the horse whinny, and felt the cart begin to move at rapid pace, the hooves of other horses heard nearby. They were being guarded to the place they were being taken. Their captors didn't want them to escape. Jason did his best to untie the knots that were holding them with the magic rope. But it was useless. It wouldn't budge. From the muffled shouts he heard in the room he guessed that the others were attempting to do the same thing but without any success. It seemed like a long time but they finally came to their destination. Shouts were heard outside the cart, and suddenly the squeak of the door was heard. One by one Jason heard his companions being dragged out, and when it was his turn he did his best to struggle, only to get knocked on his head. Well, that did much, didn't it? After all, he was immortal and he couldn't get hurt. But that didn't mean that he couldn't get bound. Curious to where they were being taken, Jason decided to cooperate a little bit, hoping they would get some answers as to what was going on. It wasn't until they stood still that they took the gags and blindfold up. Gasping for air, he saw that his companions were there beside him, which comforted him a little. They were inside a dark tent that was only lit up via candlelight. \"Where are we?\" Jason murmured softly. \"I don't know,\" Lu responded. \"But wherever it is, it can't be good.\" Suddenly a rustling of cloth was heard and Jason and his companions, unable to turn, had no choice but to wait until she walked in front of them to see who it was. As she walked beside him Jason noticed that it was a beautiful woman, who looked somewhat familiar, and she had white hair . Ni Chang smiled down on him and his gang. \"Hello, Jason Tripitikas. Long time no see, isn't that how the saying goes?\" Jason stood silent. I'm sorry that it's been a while since I've updated! But like I said, I'm rotating between my unfinished stories! Enjoy! Please read and review! Pretty, pretty please! And next time we shall see what exactly Ni Chang wants from them...[Chapter 14] I don't own The Forbidden Kingdom. Chapter Fourteen: Ni Chang's Fury (Jason Tripitikas Point of View) Ni Chang walked around Jason Tripitikas, eyeing him through narrowed eyes. \"So interesting a culture you are from,\" she murmured, more to herself. \"So... refined. So arrogant. Tell me, how much has been invented in such a short period of time while those of us from the days you call ancient were left to ourselves to work hard, not quite having the accommodations you do?\" Jason said nothing. He merely looked away. He wanted nothing more than to have his life in his control, but that was not necessarily the case. Suddenly, someone came in and whispered something in Ni Chang's ear. Her expressions changed to fury, ire, and she stormed out without further question, snapping at her guards to keep an eye on them. Jason glanced at Lu Yan. After a brief shrug he closed his eyes, trying to see what his new immortal powers would do. Would they allow him to see where Ni Chang had gone? Would they allow him to see the future, the past? What would they allow him to do? Thinking hard, the boy found nothing and sighed. As he opened his eyes he noticed the guard staring at him curiously, a young man in a strange helmet. From the look in his eyes he looked as if he were blind which puzzled Jason seeing as the man could see him clearly. There was that unusual look in the eyes that only a blind person had. 'Odd,' he thought to himself. 'Why did she leave all of a sudden?' Jason thought to himself. 'Why can't my immortal powers see where she's going, the future, the past? Why do my powers seem blocked?' As the man tried to communicate with his friends he found that he couldn't, at least not with his powers. It was an odd thing. It was almost as if it were nullified, cancelled by something else. He couldn't explain it. The only way he could communicate was with shakes and nods. As he did so, though, the man in the strange helmet looked at him curiously, as if he hadn't ever seen anything like this before. Jason began to wonder if the man knew he was communicating with his friends. Then Jason began to question him. \"Why are we here?\" he asked dryly, trying to pretend like he wasn't interested. The man tilted his head strangely. \"You will find out when our mistress chooses to reveal that to you.\" \"So, she's like you commander or something?\" Emily put in. \"Not your concern,\" was the answer. \"Well,\" muttered Lu. \"It looks like you've wasted your time then.\" But then the man gave a nasty smile. \"That's where you're wrong. Everything has gone according to plan. Has it not? We have you here after all.\" Jason looked up. \"So if everything has gone according to plan, then why did Ni Chang look angry?\" The man merely smiled again. \"It's not for you to know.\" Jason didn't know what to think. He was puzzled. First the strange incident with the sun, then their capture, then Ni Chang's sudden departure, then these strange people. It all had to fit into place somehow, like puzzle pieces! There must be some connection to them all. 'I wouldn't be surprised to find out Ni Chang was behind the sun,' he thought to himself. \"Indirectly,\" the man replied, and just then Jason realized with a shock that the man could read his thoughts. The guard confirmed it with a nasty smile. Jason tilted his head. \"What do you mean 'indirectly'?\" The man remained expressionless as he replied, \"Amaterasu weeps.\" \"What do you mean by 'Amaterasu weeps?'\" Lu Yan asked. But at that moment Jason and Emily looked at each other. Amaterasu weeps? Amaterasu? There's no way! That's impossible. 'That can't be!\" Jason thought. 'It's impossible!' Amaterasu was a Japanese goddess! And this was a Chinese myth! This was a Chinese story! I am so sorry that I haven't updated in some time! Please review! I'd really like reviews! And yes, I am going to finish this story, don't you worry! ","Summary":" Dear everybody, I deleted the previous story because I wanted to start completely over. So here is "},{"Movie":"Felidae","Title":"Golden Hearts","Author":"Sinbreaker","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8352709","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Welcome to our new home Novalee!\" my owner Grace said as she opened the cat carrier. In an instant I leaped out of the carrier, or as I like to call it, the moving prison, I landed on a soft green carpet. I closed my eyes and stretched my tired mussels. I then sat down and looked around the area. A modern type of home. By what I heard my owner say when she was talking to her friend on the phone, this place had a basement, the main floor, and the second story. And even thought it looked like a nice place, I noticed the small cracks at the base of a wall, or where the carpet had a darker tint to it marking that something had been spilled on it. And there was a foul smell coming from the back of the house. Might be a dead rat by the smell of it. But other than that, this place isn't half bad. It would only be complete if my best friend Dream had come along with me. \"Come on Novalee. Let's check out the rest of the house.\" Grace said as she walked to the left and entered another room. Usually I wouldn't follow my owner because she rambles on to me about the simplest of things, but lately she hasn't been acting the same. And she leaves often and is gone for a while. When she comes back she smells of medical chemicals and medicine I did not recognize. I followed her and it turned out to be a kitchen. Grace looked out the window by the fridge while I leaped up onto the grey counter. I then walked forward, carefully moving around the packed boxes and made my way to my owner's side. She looked down at me and said \"This is our home now Novalee. I'll let you outside after we get unpacked. Alright?\" She placed her hand on my head and ran it down my back. I purred loudly for her and then she turned and walked of. I leaped onto the window edge and looked out. I frowned as a tree blocked my view. The branches may be dead and bare, but there were enough of them that it blocked my vision from the outside world. I wonder if there are other cats around here. I mean, I did catch a faint scent of one. I leaped down from the window and moved on. As I walked past the stairs, faint creeks from the old floor above. I narrowed my eyes and quietly moved up the steps. I sniffed the air but a musky dark scent blocked any living scent around. I reached the final step and looked down the hallway. It was dark, with the only light flickering from above. I walked forward quietly, feeling my fur brisling on my back. The sound had stopped, but I doubt whatever made the noise had left. Squeeeeek… \"Shit…!\" I said softly as I stepped on a lose floorboard. I looked forward and a figure suddenly ran forward. My claws slid out but before I could do anything, the figure ran past me and ran down the hall. I growled as the scent of cat came to my nose. I growled and ran after the trespasser. The cat turned and dived into a dark room. I skidded to a halt as I stood in the doorway. I watched as a cat leaped up to an open window and disappeared outside. I huffed and then growled. I walked into the room and stopped as a cat stared back at me. I hissed and leaped back. But I found that it was only a wall mirror, and my reflection staring back at me. My blue eyes stared back at me, and black and white pelt was fluffed out. I sighed and then looked over at the window. A gentle breeze blew past me carrying a few leaves. The other house had a same look to them. Old, but very nice. Except for the one a few houses down from mine. It seemed older than the others and it was taller than mine. It had a tree in the back but that was it besides a few bushes. Oh I can't wait to go explore. \"Novalee!\" Grace called my name again and I turned and ran down the hall. She was by the steps and when she saw me, she smiled. I made a mewing sound and rubbed up against her leg. She bent down and said \"I got something for you Novalee.\" She then wrapped something around my neck and said \"Good girl…\" I looked down and saw she had placed a red collar around neck. There was a small golden heart charm. I touched it with my paw and looked up at Grace. But she was already heading down the stairs. I huffed and then followed Grace down the steps. Hopefully tomorrow I will be able to go outside, and maybe I can find that cat again…[Chapter 2] \"Novalee! Breakfast!\" Grace called from downstairs. I opened my eyes and yawned. I had slept sprawled out on Grace's bed last night with her. I stood up and stretched, and then I leaped off the bed onto the soft floor. The floor creaked as I walked down the hall and I was sure I could hear mice scurrying around inside the walls. Once I reached the kitchen. Grace placed a bowl on the floor and gently rubbed her hand down my back. I mewed for her and then walked over to the bowl. It was leftovers of Grace's breakfast. Eggs, and a few scraps of bacon. I licked my lips and then started to eat my breakfast. Grace walked out of the room carrying a box and I looked up. She smiled and opened it up in the by the window which had a table in front of it. She pulled out a soft, red cat bed and set it on the table. On the side of the bed was my name stitched in light blue thread. I made a chirping sound to tell her I was curious and then I quickly made my way to it. I first leaped up onto the brown leather chair, and then onto the table. The bed was new but I could tell it was hand stitched. This was really nice of Grace to make me this… I took a step in and then felt it. Soft as it looked… I circled it three times and then curled up in it with my paw hanging out the side. Grace smiled and then walked off to finish unpacking. All I did was lay there…staring out the window to the side. This just showed me a view of the side of the next house. A bird flew by, but that was all that moved or anything… Hours later Grace came up to me and said \"Want to go outside Novalee?\" I looked up at her and mewed. She gently placed her hands underneath me and picked me up. I perked my ears as she carried me to the back door and then pulled it open. The smell of fresh air came to me first and my tail flicked back and forth. Grace placed me on the soft uncut grass and said \"Have fun Novalee.\" She pulled back the door to leave an open section just big enough for me to get in. I looked back at the house for a moment and then stretched. Finally, I have wanted to go outside ever since we moved here. I will check out my own house later, but I want to see if there are any cats around here. I came to the edge of the garden, where a small stone wall boxed us in. So I just leaped up and landed on the top of the fence. I looked to the left, and then to the right. After a moment I decided to check out that really old house, the one with one tree. Someplace that old might have a way inside… and lots of mice… or lingering cats. As I walked up on the fence, the first thing I noticed was a cat sleeping in the front yard. They were lying on their side with their legs stretched out. There black pelt shined in the sun and I smiled. Maybe they were friendly. I leaped down from the fence and made my way to the sleeping cat. But I paused half way across the garden as the scent of blood hit my nose. I lowered my head and slowly moved around to the side and saw the cat. It may look like they were sleeping, but there was a large gash in there neck that leaked out blood. I gasped and backed up a bit. Suddenly two new scents washed over me and I spun around to see two male cats walking up. One was a brown muscular cat. He had only one eye, one bright green one. And his front left paw was disfigured. But other than that he looked normal, other than this tuff guy attitude I guess he had by the way he looked. Behind him was a grey and black cat. His eyes were also bright green, and he had an equally shocked as I had been. The brown one walked past me almost like I wasn't there and sat by the tree making grumbling noises. While the grey one, looked at me closely and then turned to look at the fallen cat. He examined it and sat down. I folded my ears back feeling out of place. Did they know the dead cat? Would they accuse me? Or did they kill him? \"It must have been a can opener.\" \"Pardon?\" The grey cat asked the brown one. I looked over at the brown cat that was clawing the tree, stretching his mussels. \"Can opener?\" I repeated and the brown cat nodded and said \"It must have been a freaking can opener. Ain't it obvious?\" He asked and then added \"He gave our poor friend Sascha here another ventilation hole in the throat.\" Humans? \"Oh you mean a man.\" The grey cat commented and then asked \"Did you witness it?\" I turned my head to the brown cat as he clawed the tree again and say \"Hell no. But only men are brutal enough to do a thing like this. Lousy can openers. There only useful function is opening our dinner cans. And this is the fourth in this month.\" \"Do you mean this is the fourth dead body?\" The grey cat and I asked at the same time. We exchanged a glance and then the brown cat said \"I guess you two are new on the block then…\" I nodded and so did the grey cat. The brown cat looked at the grey cat and said something to the grey cat, but I drowned out the conversation and looked at the body. I don't think a human did this… \"I don't think a can opener did this.\" The grey cat started and then said \"This brother's neck was shredded not cut.\" The brown cat narrowed his eye and walked towards the fence. When he reached it he asked \"Hey little smart ass, what do they call yah?\" \"Francis.\" The brown cat looked from Francis to me and asked \"And you?\" \"Novalee.\" I said and nodded to him. He rolled his eyes and then leaped up onto the fence and disappeared over the other side. I looked back at the dead cat and then to Francis and said \"So, do you live here?\" I asked looking up to the old house. Francis nodded and then said \"Just moved here today.\" I smiled and said \"I live a few houses down the block, I moved here yesterday. I guess this is some house warming gift.\" I added flicking my tail to the body. Francis sighed and then I heard Grace call my name. I stood up and said \"That would be my owner Grace. Will I see you tomorrow Francis?\" Francis stood up and said sure, just come on over.\" I nodded and then waved my tail as goodbye. I then leaped up onto the fence and walked off back to my home. Well I managed to get a friend today, possibly two if I ever meet that brown cat again…and I have witnessed a murder victim. My guess is, I was walking into an adventure…[Chapter 3] I waited by the door to the outside. Grace had dressed up and was getting a bag ready. She had made me breakfast, regular cat food so that meant she was going out to her job… I mewed to get her attention. She just looked down at me and said \"Not today Novalee.\" She then reached down and stroked my back. I didn't purr, but I watched as she locked the back door and then grabbed her keys off the counter. I waited till Grace had left and the sound of the old SUV drove off. I quickly then hurried up the steps. Remembering that strange cat that had been in my home, and how he escaped. I reached the hallway and turned left, and came to the dark room. We had made this the storage room, where she kept all the boxes and unpack items. And I was lucky, for the window was open. I walked forward and leaped up onto a box and then onto the window edge. I huffed and saw ivy growing on the side of the house. Gradually, I leaped sideways and clawed ahold of the ivy trendless. Then slowly I worked my way down. The light outside wasn't great, but I could still see well in this dim light. Finally I landed on the soft grass. I shook my pelt to rid any stray leaves. Then I bounded over to the fence and leaped up. The sun was just starting to rise. I stretched for a moment and then walked on the fence. Scents of three unfamiliar cats came to my nose and I brought out my claws as I walked. One thing about me, I used to live in New York. Cats there fought for half a rat if they needed too. So you had to be tuff. And I know how to do some damage to a stray cat looking for a fight. But the scents were fading and I had reached Francis house. I leaped down into the garden and noticed that the body of the cat yesterday was gone. All that remained was a few blood stains on the grass. I guess Francis owner might have picked it up today. \"Hey, Novalee… right?\" I spun around to see that brown cat sitting on the fence. I nodded and said \"Yes, Novalee is my name.\" The brown cat leaped down and then he asked \"Came to see the smart ass again?\" I rolled my eyes and said \"Looks like we both did… what is your name by the way?\" \"Bluebeard.\" I gave a nod to Bluebeard and said \"It's a pleasure meeting you Bluebeard.\" He just made a grumbling sound and walked up to Francis house. I followed him through an open window and inside. The air was cool inside, and the thing that hit me first was the smell chemicals. It was coming from up the stairs, maybe the attic? Bluebeard sniffed around for a moment and then headed to the right of the staircase and down the hall. I followed him without saying anything. We came to a door that was open a bit, and Bluebeard nudged it open even more and walked inside. I poked my head through and saw Francis walking over to us. \"Hello Francis.\" I said and smiled; He smiled back and said \"Hello Novalee… and, what brings you here?\" he asked looking at Bluebeard. Bluebeard narrowed his eye and said \"There has been another murder.\" \"Let me guess, this latest victim is also a male. Just like the other four stiffs.\" Francis said and scratched his ear with his hind paw. \"Smartass… How the hell did you know that?\" Bluebeard asked and I walked into the room and sat next to Bluebeard. Francis stretched and said \"It's a guess but an educated one.\" \"Anyway this time it's Deep Purple.\" Bluebeard paused and then said \"It looks like someone took an icepick to his throat.\" Again I drowned out there conversation as I thought to myself. This makes five dead males… When I moved here I didn't think I would be caught right in the middle of a murder case. Boy did I get myself mixed up in the wrong thing. I suddenly realized that Francis and Bluebeard had left the room. I stood up and quickly followed them. Outside onto the patio. Francis turned to me and said \"Were going to go check out Deep Purple's body, want to come along.\" Just what I need… another dead body… \"Sure, I'll come along…\" I said. Bluebeard leaped down into the garden and Francis followed. I looked up at the sky and saw dark clouds moving over the sky. It was fall, could be rain, or maybe snow… god I hope its snow. I hate rain. Snow ain't much better, but it's fun to play in! I looked back forward and then followed the two males. Bluebeard leaped up onto the fence and started heading right, away from my house. Francis casually leaped up and followed Bluebeard. I on the other hand, hesitated before I leaped up and followed them. Where we were going I had no clue, maybe I shouldn't have followed them. Suddenly birds flew up in front of us. Francis yelled in surprise and I puffed out my fur. The birds flew up and out of sight. I looked back forward to see Bluebeard make a low growl and look forward. In front of us were two identical cats…well almost. They giggled darkly like some sort of funny joke had just been said. The leaped onto the fence and slowly moved forward to us. Francis was unaffected by their appearance but Bluebeard looked like he wanted to leap forward into a blood thirst fight… \"Well what do you know, Herman and Herman.\" Bluebeard said. So they are twins…and both are named Herman… Bluebeard rolled his eye and said \"Do me a favor and don't tell me how great life is without your jewels. I'm ready to take your word for it. If you ain't got them between your legs, you're at least later on your feet.\" HA! There neutered… I giggled at this. One of them glared at me for laughing. The other scowled. Suddenly branches snapped and Bluebeard stopped smiling and said \"Kong, how can you associate with these miserable rats?\" I looked down into the garden to see a pair of yellow eyes glaring back at us. Laughter suddenly filled the air and Kong, the cat in the bushes I guess, said \"Ha, ha… Bluebeard… you ugly old fur ball. I see you been cruising gay scene for a change. That cute little thing behind you sure is a juicy number…\" Kong broke out into laughter and I realized he was talking about Francis. He most likely hasn't seen me yet. \"You going to show us some of the tricks he taught you?\" Kong asked and laughed. Bluebeard made a fake laugh and said \"Ah, no. He rather show you personally I think.\" Kong made a low growl sound and strolled out of the bushes. I gasped in surprise of Kong's enormous size. And I'm not saying he's fat, I mean he's huge! I backed up a bit at the site of him and I felt Francis shudder. Bluebeard growled and said \"I see your scratching for a fight. Okay, you got one!\" Kong leaped up onto the fence and brought out his claws. Kong looked Francis over and then he looked over at me and said \"Well who is this lovely lady?\" I said nothing, just gave a low growl. Bluebeard looked back at me for a moment and then turned back to Kong and said \"Trying to be frightening? I can see you want to show off to my friends here Francis and Novalee. So I'll make it clear, I won't stand by and watch three take on two. So okay, come and get it!\" Bluebeard brought out his claws growling and Kong growled lowly. Francis brought his claws and hissed. It didn't sound threating. I narrowed my eyes and brought out my own claws. I hissed and arched my back then spat at him. Kong blinked in surprise while Herman and Herman exchanged a glance. Kong's growl of hate turned into a scornful smile. He then broke out in laughter and I stopped hissing. He laughed some more and said \"Hey man I'm pissing myself in fight!\" Another laugh, and then he looked at Francis and said \"As for you cutie pie, you can bet your whiskers that me and you have a date! And in the not too distant future.\" \"And not's let forget the puff ball back there.\" Kong said and looked at me. I narrowed my eyes and carefully moved past Francis and in front of Bluebeard. Kong narrowed his eyes and I said \"Puff ball huh? Cute… but you shouldn't judge people by their looks. For you can make mistakes, and then those mistakes and turn around and bite you in the ass.\" Kong's smile faded and he growled he said \"Whatever…\" He looked back at Francis and said \"See you soon…haha…\" He then leaped down into the next garden and walked off. Herman and Herman looked up to me and I said \"Move it or lose it.\" Herman and Herman grumbled and leaped down to follow Kong. I rolled my eyes and looked at Bluebeard and said \"Lead the way.\" Bluebeard didn't say anything, just walked past me. And Francis followed, and game me a warm smile before he followed Bluebeard, and I followed him.[Chapter 4] ( For my friends who have read every other story I have ever written and don't know very much about Felidae, it is an adult film. So… whatever you read in this chapter is just going alone with the movie and book.) Bluebeard ended up leading us to an old garage. It had two separate doors to the small building. Most likely one door was used often, and the other was just storage space for parts and tools. And I think I am right because one of the doors is scuffed up, meaning it is opened and closed frequently to allow a car to come in and out. While the second door looked newer… or at least not worn down. It was also slightly open at the bottom, just enough room for a cat to get in and out if they wanted to. Francis walked ahead of Bluebeard and strolled up to the second door. I quickly followed behind and the first thing that came to me was the blood splattered on the ground. It would come in small pools leading inside the garage. Where I believe Deep Purple had gone when he was wounded… Francis slipped inside the garage and after a moment of hesitation… I walked in as well. My eyes followed the trail of blood that lead to an old bike. Up on the seat of the bike was a figure of a dead cat. Limp…and lifeless… Deep Purple… \"If you want I will tell you the way I see how the final moments of Purple's life went.\" Francis said breaking the silence of the room. Bluebeard, who was now also in the garage just looked up at the seat and the old cat. \"The murderer attacked Purple from the outside, that's obvious from the blood outside.\" Francis murmured and then leaped up to the motorcycle and looked Deep Purple's body over. He then flicked his tail and said \"He then managed to drag himself in here, not bad for a fellow his age.\" I walked forward and then leaped up on a cabinet above Francis and the body and looked down at Purple. His neck was torn open so bad, you could see bone. And a scent came off of him that smelled of death. I felt myself convulse on the inside and said \"Be right back.\" I then leaped down and quickly ran out of the garage. I shook my pelt and tried to calm myself. After given myself a moment to calm down, I turned around and headed back inside just in time to catch what Francis was saying. \"-the thing that ties to two murders together is sex.\" I blinked in surprise and said \"What do you mean? As in they both were mating or getting ready to mate when they were killed?\" Francis nodded and said \"Precisely.\" \"So the killer must not want competition.\" I said and then added \"So he's wiping out… but that's only one way of thinking… maybe there is a bigger purpose behind these attack rather than a fight for a female. But it is too early to tell what the killer thinks… we need to know more about the killings before we can try and get inside the twisted mind of the killer…\" \"Whatever you say, but in my opinion I still see it as a Can Opener doing this.\" Bluebeard said and then Francis turned on him and said \"Bluebeard don't kid yourself. And Icepick didn't do this. It was done by teeth! In order to crack this case, I got to meet many of our brothers as I can in this god forsaken neighborhood. And you are the very brother to help me Bluebeard.\" Francis then turned his gaze to me and said \"And you as well. You seem to know how to work your way through the murder.\" I did a small smile and said \"Thanks…\" Bluebeard made a humming noise and said \"But will I help is the question though.\" He started to walk out of the garage and then he said \"Alright. Tomorrow I'm going to take you two to meet someone.\" I walked forward closer to Bluebeard and Francis walked at my side. Bluebeard looked over his shoulder and said \"He's a real clever bastard. You guys aren't the only smartasses in town.\" Then he walked out of the garage leaving me and Francis alone. \"Hey Novalee… when you said that there may be a bigger purpose behind the killings, what made you think that?\" Francis asked as he looked back up at Deep Purple's body. I blinked trying to figure out what to say. \"Well… if this is just a fight over a female…where is the female? And the other male. Usually males like to boast about their victories about calming a mate, do they not?\" I asked and Francis slowly nodded. I walked back over to the bike and said \"Deep Purple was no threat to the mating life. The killer could have easily scared him off, but instead he decided to kill him. And not a battle to prove his strength to wow the female, but a single death blow to end it quickly and quietly as possible.\" Francis narrowed his eyes and said \"That is true… so we could be dealing with a cleaver cat that has planned this out. And has killed five times now.\" I nodded and then looked out the opening to see darkness was coming. I stood up and said \"It's getting late Francis. My owner Grace will be wondering where I am. I will come over to your place early… alright?\" I asked and Francis nodded then said \"That is alright. And I need to get home as well before the weather turns bad. I'll walk you home I guess.\" So Francis and I leaped back up onto the fence and walked. Luckily Kong and his followers weren't there to annoy the crap out of us this time. This made it a peaceful walk. And there wasn't any words spoken between us. When we reached my house I looked up at the window I came out of and gasped. \"What's wrong?\" Francis asked and I said \"They window… I got out that way because my owner had left to her job. But it's closed… she must have come home and closed it.\" \"No problem. We can just head to a lower level window and get her attention. Then she will let you in.\" Francis said and leaped down into my yard. Quietly I followed him. For some reason a sinking feeling came over me. We then reached a window and I leaped up onto the sill and looked inside. Grace was lying down on the couch and the TV was on. I gently tapped the window with my paw and then mewed loudly. Grace didn't move. Maybe she had fallen asleep? I tried again but she still lay there… I looked back down at Francis and said \"She's asleep on the couch I think…\" Francis flicked his tail back and forth and then said \"You might as well spend the night at my home. So long as Gustav, my owner doesn't see you.\" I looked back at Grace, and then at Francis and said \"Thank you Francis.\" He nodded and said \"No Problem. I'll lead us there…\"[Chapter 5] Francis had told me that I could sleep on the couch if I was careful not to be seen by Gustav. Which was kind of hard. Gustav was a kind human. I could tell when I first saw him. He was a writer by what Francis told me. I believe Francis said something about him writing about the Egyptian culture and past. The so called birth place if our kind, Felidae… Gustav's desk where he worked was too close to the living room where the couch was located, so I just slipped into the open closet under the staircase. It was dark, quiet and cozy. The only thing I didn't like about it was the smell. The smell of chemicals that where drifting from upstairs. Once I was sure Gustav and Francis had head into their room, I settled down on some towels and slowly drifted off to sleep… Next thing I knew, I was in a dark hallway. It seem so familiar, but different at the same time. It was also dark as night there. But when I walked forward, the heart charm around my neck illuminated soft light around me. I kept walking, and walking but the hallway never seemed to end, and then…I saw a light at the end of the hallway. At the same time everything started to disappear, the darkness was just swallowing it up into oblivion. I raced forward scared out of my mind to fall inside the black, but no matter how much I ran, the light stayed far away from me like I wasn't moving anywhere. And then finally with a sudden burst, I broke through the light and landed on something smooth and hard. I panted a bit before looking around. I was clearly in a cage of some sorts. But I could not see what was outside the cage. Just darkness. The smell of chemicals was all around me and the bars to the cage started to vibrate. I panicked and crouched down trying to escape the terror, but it would not go away. Suddenly the bars turned into ropes, and before I could move they tied themselves onto my collar. I screeched with fear and started to thrash. But the ropes would not break. A sudden light filled the cage and a door opened. When the door opened, the ropes started dragging me out. I turned to see where I was being dragged to, but the only thing I saw was a pair of yellow cat eyes. And then screaming of many tortured cats filled my ears. I suddenly hit the hard old wood floor and snapped my eyes open. I was back in the stairway closet hidden from site. I panted as it was all just one screwed up nightmare… But I could still hear screaming. Screaming of cats, several cats. What the hell? I stood up and stretched for a moment, before I poked my head out from behind the stairway closet. I slowly came out from the closet door and then I heard footsteps behind me. I puffed out my fur and turned around just to find it was Francis. \"You scared me.\" I pointed out blankly. Francis padded up to my side and said \"Sorry about that… I guess the noise woke you as well?\" \"Sort of.\" I said and then walked forward. We walked close to the edge of the stairs, trying to keep in the shadows. The noise was coming from up the stairs. Same place where the chemical smell was coming from. We stood at the bottom of the stairs and then I said \"Well… you know what they say about curiosity….\" Francis did a small smile for only a moment, before he started to climb the stairs. I quietly followed from behind. A blue-ish light was coming from the first door at the top of the stairs. And when we reached the top step, I could clearly make out one loud cat speaking over the screaming of other cats. We both slowly crept up to the open door and Francis peaked in first, and I stretched my neck over his head to see. What I saw here was something like out of a horror movie. A group of cats, hard to tell how many, where all gathered together staring at one cat who stood on a wooden box. There he was saying something loud, but it was hard to hear over the screaming of cats. And the screaming of cats was coming from those who were jumping into an electrical field of a blue light made by two generators side by side. Francis nudged my shoulder gently and then turned away from the door. Confused I turned away from the group of cats and followed Francis. We turned right and went up another flight of stairs to reach another floor. There was only a single room here though. It appeared to be a broken down bathroom. And right in the middle of it was a hole in the ground. We were right above the room were the event was taking place. Francis quietly walked over to the whole and leaned over. I did the same and looked down into the room. Now I could clearly see that there were at least fifty cats or so who had come to this freak show. A large white cat seemed to be preaching to the other cats. I flicked my ears in his direction to hear what he was saying. \"Oh holy one, Claudandus! Hear us, look down on our suffering! Hear our Prayer. Save us!\" The white cat yelled and the other cats repeated like mindless slaves. The white cat pressed a petal under his foot and the generators started up again. One cat stood up and walked forward to the light, behind him cats followed in a straight line. The cat leaped into the light and was electrocuted before he fell down to the ground. He twitched once, and lay still. \"Come into the light!\" the white cat started to preach again. \"In the name of Claudandus! Immortality is yours! Those who believe in him will know truth. And those chosen, shall know his blessing. In the name of Claudandus!\" The light stopped and by now there was a pile of cats lying on the ground. I was unsure if they were alive or not, but I was sure that this was a cult. Everything seemed to calm down for a moment, and I looked away from the generators to the group of cats. I was surprised when I saw that Kong, Herman and Herman where in this. They sat in the middle of the crowd. Repeated the words of what the white cat had said along with the other mindless cats that joined this cult. But then… I located Bluebeard. He was towards the black. He looked unsure of the whole thing, and stayed quiet. I felt Francis lean a bit further over the edge trying to look at something. But the old wood by his paws broke off and fell. To my horror, the wood fell right in front of the white cat preaching and on his head. He stopped talking and looked right up at us. Oh…shit…[Chapter 6] \"Trespassers! In the attic!\" I heard the white cat yell followed by hundreds of paw steps. They were coming after us. I looked up at the room we were in and spun around looking for a way out. \"There!\" Francis pointed out. I looked to where he was running to find a large wooden plank. It was old and rotting away, but it made a perfect ramp to a hole in the ceiling above. I ran forward as I heard the numerous hisses and paw steps getting closer. \"Go first!\" Francis ordered and shoved me forward. Without hesitation I ran up the wooden plank and dived through the whole with no thoughts on where I would land. Lucky for me I just hit the floor. But after I finished my ungraceful landing, I spun around to see if Francis followed. Francis was clawing his way through the whole half way and I leaned forward and grasped his scruff in between my teeth. I then pulled up and helped him climb through the hole. Below us, three cats leaped up onto the board but it collapsed under their weight and they went crashing down to the ground. They glared up at us, their eyes filled with hate. I panted and backed up from the hole and bumped into something. I turned around to see an old box. And then that's when I realized what was all around Francis and I inside this part of the attic. It was filled with Medical equipment of all sorts. Microscopes, Scalpels, test tubes, an operating table… and the smell of chemicals was coming from this room. It was so strong I couldn't smell anything else. \"What is all of this?\" I asked out loud and Francis was about to say something when banging interrupted him. We looked to the left to see the attic door was pushing up, as many cats tried to get in. Thank god there was a box on the door, but it wouldn't keep them back very long. \"This way.\" Francis said and headed to the right. I followed him looking back at the door, but as we walked further into this nightmare of an attic, I saw numerous cages. Animal size cages that could hold anything to about the size of a medium size dog or smaller. Suddenly, I noticed a hole in the wall leading outside. I could tell by the cold air leaking in through it. I took a step forward, but then a loud BANG made me leap and puff out my fur in fear. The cats had broken through the door, and were pouring into the room like a wave of pelts. I gasped and then said \"Up there!\" Francis leaped to a shelf, then another. I leaped up onto the first shelf just as a group of cats saw us, and came running forward. Francis went through the whole, but got stuck half way from his size. Suddenly, a cat leaped at us and I did the first thing that came to my mind. When they were just inches away from me, I swung my right paw, claws extended out and slashed there muzzle. The cat screeched and fell back onto another cat. Blinded by blood, the first cat swung out and attacks one of its own in confusion. I looked back to the hole to see Francis had made it through by now. So I leaped through and because of my small size, I didn't get stuck. But as I leaped out into the outside, I fell down the side of the roof twisting and turning to get a grip on something. \"Whoa!\" I yelled as I reached the gutter and started to tumble off the edge, but Francis grasped my scruff and pulled me up to the gutter. \"Run!\" Francis yelled turning the other direction. I ran after him, and looked back to see cats where sliding down the side of the roof coming after us. We ran over tiled rooftops with the crazed cult right on our tails. I could almost feel their hot breath against my neck. And it seemed the more we ran, the more of them appeared. Waiting around the corner, leaping out of windows and trees. How many are there? \"Up!\" Francis suddenly ordered turning swiftly and running up this huge rooftop. I ran after him, my paws clanking against the tiles. Ahead of us was a roof divider so to say, it had spikes at the top, good for piercing things… And I knew we had to leap over it and a wait the fall on the other side… Taking a breath, I leaped over the golden spikes, my belly fur just grazing the sharp edges. And then I crashed down on the other side. I tumbled, just like the first time down the roof, and over the edge. I screamed at first, but then my claws hooked on some ivy growing on the side of the house. And I realized, this was my house. But I didn't have time to stop. Francis and I landed on the balcony of Grace's room, and then we took off down a small tree, and onto the garden. This time I leaped first over the wall and into the alley way. Francis landed behind me and we bolted around the corner, just to find a cat waiting for us at the other end of the small alley. Turning swiftly, I ran into a gutter drain and went up. My claws gripped the smooth groves of the pipe as I climbed up, and up, and up. I then saw the opening and leaped out, Francis just seconds behind me. We landed on a platform, and then we took off up the roof. As we ran past a chimney, a cat leaped out and I gave a startled yell, but kept running. It was like the whole neighborhood was against us! Then, Francis suddenly turned onto a wooden plank and I followed him just to find it was a dead end…or to be more precise, a sudden drop to the ground below. I looked over my shoulder to see a bag of something was heavy enough to keep the board from tipping over like a teeter-totter. But then the cat that had leaped out of the chimney ran forward at me and I instinctively fell on my back and kicked him backwards. He landed against the sack moving it out of place, and then the board tipped back, dumping Francis and I off the side and into open air. I was too scared to even scream. My body locked up and I just fell through the air, watching everything pass by so fast. And then I heard Francis yell \"Novalee!\" That snapped my attention back to everything and I spun my body around and extended my claws. I hooked onto a tree branch and grasped it with everything I had. It bent on my weight, and then it snapped. I fell into several other branches, until finally I landed on a large one close to the bottom. I panted in fear and exestuation. I just want this day to end so badly, but I had to keep going. Francis ran over to my branch and asked \"Are you alright?\" I nodded unable to get any words out, but I stood up and Francis said \"Follow me.\" He then quickly ran along the branch and leaped up onto the edge of roof. Gulping down my fear, I followed him. My left back leg screamed in pain at me, but I ignored it and kept running. We ran around the edge, of the house and leaped onto another. I could see Francis, like me was slowing down from exestuation and I knew we wouldn't be able to continue much longer with this game of chase. Again and again we leaped from rooftop to rooftop. Slid down a gutter, leaped up to a balcony, anything to escape the cats trying to catch us. I was panting a lot now and Francis suddenly turned and stopped behind a chimney. I hid next to him and looked around to see cats everywhere down below. In the gardens, heading up houses. \"I can smell them. They must be around here somewhere.\" One of the cats said getting closer. Francis backed up, and I did the same, fear gripping my heart. I took another step back, and suddenly the roof was gone from underneath me. And I fell backwards into nothing but air.[Chapter 7] As I fell back, I let out a startled yell and clawed the air. Francis turned to see why I had yelled when his back paw slipped of the edge, and he went falling through the air as well. Naturally I twisted in air to land, but I wasn't quick enough and I landed on my side, to help absorb the impact, I rolled to the side and sprang up. Francis managed to land on his feet be he tumbled a bit as well. I jerked my head up now that I was sure I was on ground. But the crazy cats where right behind us. But to my surprise, I was looking up at a ceiling and a skylight. A skylight that was open just a crack now. Cat shadows passed overhead and in a matter of seconds they had moved on to search for us elsewhere. I panted and just stared up at the skylight. We had escaped the cult. \"You two are new in the neighborhood, aren't you?\" A gentle and female voice asked. I turned around quickly, half expecting a cat to leap at us. But instead a cat sat in a rocking chair by a fireplace. \"Yes, that's right.\" Francis said walking closer. The cat in the chair stood up and then looked over at us. She was a natural beauty. Her fur was kept clean and short, and looked grey at first, but closer inspection made it clear it was blue. A Russian Blue was her breed by my guess. She had a collar on, simple yellow one and her eyes where green like emeralds. Only, they had a distant look to them, and they seemed unfocused. \"The names Francis.\" Francis said walking closer and then he waved his tail to me and said \"And this is my friend Novalee.\" I did a small bow to her and said \"Hello.\" \"Friend or Foe?\" she suddenly asked. The question caught me off guard at first, but then Francis said \"Were friends.\" \"Friends forever.\" I added and walked closer to the blue she-cat. The fire crackled and a warm feeling blue over me. It was hard not to lie down and take a nap in front of such a warm place, all that running we did and what not. \"A friend, who suddenly fell out of the sky?\" She asked in a hushed tone. Francis tilted his head a bit and said \"Well not exactly. Only through the skylight.\" The blue she-cat leaped down from the chair and strolled past me and Francis. She then made her way to the window and leaped up on the ledge. There was something about the way she walked, almost like she was hesitating with each step. \"We were running from lunatics.\" I said turning to follow the blue she-cat. Francis followed and then added \"From the Claudandus sect. They objected us from watching their ceremony.\" \"That sounds typical of them.\" The blue she-cat said then asked \"Has it gotten light outside yet?\" And then I knew why she acted so strangely when she walked, why her eyes where never looking at me or Francis. \"Yes but surly you can see that for your-\" Francis cut himself off and then realized what I did. He leaped up onto the window ledge and said \"Oh…you're blind.\" I calmly sat on the ground and watched as she shook her head and said \"I'm not blind. I just can't see.\" Those words seem to have more meaning behind them than most people realize. She turned away from the window, and walked back over to the chair. But instead of leaping up onto the chair, she sat down in front of the fireplace. I got up from where I was sitting and asked \"Do you ever go outside?\" she hung her head in a sadden way and said \"No. but there isn't a day that goes by that I haven't wished I could see this world. Evil and cruel as it is.\" I sat on one side of her, while Francis sat on the other. I looked towards the fire and said \"the world isn't as bad as most people come to see as it is. They just need to find the hope in everything, and then maybe…their wouldn't be so much hate and anger.\" The cat nodded and said \"Maybe.\" \"Ah, well I'm sorry.\" Francis said relating to how he felt about her being blind. He then placed his paw on hers. For some reason, I felt myself dislike the gesture he made just then, but the she-cat didn't see it as a sign of affection, she just said \"Why? There are worse things in this world Francis. We can get used to anything.\" She paused and Francis drew his paw back. \"Well, except living in a dog kennel possibly.\" She said and the three of us laughed. As the laughter died down, Francis then asked \"Um, have you always been …\" \"Blind? Yes. Form birth.\" She said I gave off a small sigh and she turned to more of my direction and said \"But, I see pictures in my head.\" \"Pictures? What kind?\" I asked and she nodded and said \"I see these people grouped around me. And there so big and tall. And somehow bright. I believe they are wearing the color…white. One of them bends over me, he smiles and then he has something that glistens in his hand. Then terrible pain, and then…I fall asleep.\" I saw faint tears from her eyes, like she was sad that the pictures had to end. But she quickly wiped them away and then headed back over to the window ledge. Francis followed her, but I sat in front of the fire, staring deep into the blaze and embers. \"I don't think you were blind form birth. I think some human did something to you.\" Francis said making his way over to her. She flicked her tail and said \"But that can't be. The human race is the kindest there is.\" \"I mean, who else a useless thing like me a home?\" she said and licked her paw. She then washed the side of her cheek. Francis came to a stop a bit always from the ledge and said \"Can I change the subject and ask you a question miss…uh…\" \"Felicity.\" She said stating her name. She turned around to face Francis and he said \"Have you heard anything you would describe unusual in the last few weeks?\" Felicity flicked her tail once again and then said \"Only the Death Cries.\" I perked my ears and now had my full attention on the two. This was our first witness! Well, sort of, but it was better than nothing! I stood up and then made my way over and sat down next to Francis. \"This means you're the first witness in the killings!\" Francis said and leaped up to the window ledge. Felicity turned her head to him and said \"I don't see why you're so interested in this.\" \"Felicity we're talking about murder!\" Francis said and Felicity edged back a bit and said \"Murder? Oh I'm sure you're wrong. I think it's more like sex that has just gone too far.\" \"And why do you think that?\" Francis asked and Felicity turned to follow his voice and said \"The Death Cries… always from tom cats. I could tell by their growls that they were excited. Somebody they knew was suddenly there. And although they're excited, they don't attack him.\" \"And did this someone speak to our brother?\" Francis asked and Felicity nodded and said \"Yes, I'm sorry but I could not hear what he was saying to them. But his tone of voice… there was a sense of urgency in his voice. A persuasive conviction… He was trying to tell them something of great importance. \"What though…\" Francis asked to himself and then I spoke up and asked \"And then what happens next Felicity.\" Felicity turned her head of the sound of my voice and said \"And then… the Death Cries…\" \"Do you know anything about the Claudandus Sect?\" Francis asked and Felicity replied by saying \"Not much, only that they pray to a dead brother named Claudandus. Who lived around here many years ago. He was tortured by men all his life.\" \"How do you know?\" I asked and she turned back and was about to speak, but then a creeeeeek sound filled the air. I turned my head up to the skylight to see a cat peering in. It was Bluebeard. \"Why did you two run off? The brothers just wanted to talk with yah.\" Bluebeard said and Francis flicked his tail back and forth in anger saying \"I bet they did with 300 bolts loosening my tongue, right?\" Francis then turned to Felicity and said \"I'll be back soon.\" He then turned and said \"Come on Novalee…\" \"Actually, I will catch up to you and Bluebeard in a moment.\" I said as I watched Francis leap up a dresser, and then out the skylight. Outside I heard him say something to Bluebeard but I didn't listen. Instead I leaped up onto the window ledge and sat down next to Felicity. \"Why didn't you follow? By the sounds of it whatever Francis was speaking of with the other cat, it sounded important.\" She asked and I chuckled and said \"I'll stay out of their bickering match.\" We both chuckled for a moment and then it died down. \"What's it like?\" I suddenly asked and she perked her ears and asked \"To be blind?\" \"Yes.\" I answered quietly and she gave off a soft sigh and said \"Everything is so empty, and dark. All I see is black. Like a endless sleep. The pictures in my head are my only small, very small window to the world outside this darkness… What I wouldn't give, just to see something.\" \"Maybe you can.\" I said and she turned her head to me, her green eyes sparkling with interest, I think… She tilted her head and asked \"Really? How? What can I see?\" \"Well… we can start with me.\" I said and then I asked \"You remember the color white from your pictures? The color the humans were wearing.\" Felicity was silent for a moment and then said \"yes, I think I have the idea of the color white now.\" I smiled and then said \"Alright. That is the color most of my fur is. Only my paws are black, so is the tip of my ears and tail.\" Felicity was silent for a while and then she smiled and said \"I think I can imagine you now, Novalee. Although, when you walk I hear a small jingle, do you have a collar on?\" \"Yes. It has a heart shaped charm on it. Here…\" I moved my paw under hears and guided it around to make the shape of a heart in the air. I smiled even more and said \"That's the shape of a heart.\" \"And your eyes?\" She asked, her voice becoming happier with each word. I thought for a moment and wondered how I was going to explain this color. Then it hit me. \"In your pictures. Did you ever see yourself? Your fur I mean?\" Felicity was quiet again and then she nodded and said \"Yes, I think I caught a glimpse of my tail and paws. They are a strange color though.\" \"It's the color blue. My eyes are that color, only brighter.\" I said and Felicity smiled and said \"I now have another picture in my mind. One of a beautiful cat, named Novalee.\" We both smiled and I was really happy. I had found myself another friend. And hopefully one that won't be running from cults or chasing dead cats.\" \"Novalee.\" Francis called as he stuck his head through the window. I looked up and then he said \"Come on. Bluebeard is taking us to meet that cat he talked about the other day.\" I nodded and then said \"Alright. I'm coming.\" I leaped down from the window ledge and then said to Felicity \"I'll be back later today. Alright? Then we can work on making you more pictures.\" \"Alright.\" Felicity said in a sad tone. I think maybe it was because I was leaving, or because she would have to wait to see more of this world. I leaped up onto the dresser and then out the skylight. Out there, Francis and Bluebeard were waiting on the edge of the roof for me. I gave them a nod and then looked back into the room. Felicity walked slowly under the skylight and looked up at me. And I could swear, for a moment, she could really see me. But I turned away from the skylight and followed the two toms away from Felicity.[Chapter 8] After we had left Felicity's home, Bluebeard complained about having an empty stomach and suggested we should get something to eat. Francis agreed to it, but I told the two toms that I was going to check on something and would meet them back here in about twenty minutes. So while the guys snacked on salmon. I walked on the fence walls and weaved through the gardens and over hanging trees and high bushes. I caught scent of Kong and his lackeys, but they didn't show. Lucky me… I turned leaped down into my untrimmed garden grass and walked towards my house. Grace should be up by now. I leaped up to the window ledge and peered inside. Grace wasn't on the couch, and I sniffed the edge of the window and found it was cracked just a bit. The inside smells of the house were different. Like, many humans had been here while I was gone. \"You live there don't you?\" A voice asked and I turned around to see a cat sitting up on a fence wall. She was a blue she-cat, almost the same shade as Felicity, only hers had a darker tent to it. And her eyes where shinning blue. Like two deep pools of water. No doubt by her shape and small head she was a Balinese. \"Lived? No I do live here.\" I said correcting the stranger. She flicked her tail and said \"Hum, yes. My mistake. But I guess then you don't know what happened last night?\" \"No, I don't. What did happen?\" \"Something…\" She replied with a sly smile. I narrowed my eyes and then she said \"I'll tell you. But you will have to do something for me later.\" I hate those kinds of deals, but if something happened I need to know. \"Alright.\" I said holding back a growl. She purred in satisfaction and said \"I was wondering around last night looking for a place to rest, when all this commotion started around here. There were police cars and even an ambulance.\" \"Why?\" I asked scared and she casually licked her paw and washed her face. She then added \"The human that lived here passed away in their sleep. At least, that's what the humans say.\" I gave a silent gasp and felt great sadness come over me. The blue she-cat laid down on the fence and said \"Turns out one of her friends came over and found her. Sorry honey but your owner is dead. And that is all I know.\" I hung my head in sadness and said \"Thank you miss…\" \"Solitaire.\" She answered for me and then stood up. She stretched and then said \"You still owe me in the future…\" She then leaped down into the next garden. Grace was dead; I had lost my home and my human. I had no home now… What was I going to do? With a sigh I turned away from the house and leaped up on the fence. I started to make my way back to Francis house, all during the time I probably looked miserable. And… it shocked me. How much I cared for Grace, and yet my sadness for her was limited. I loved her as if she was family. And maybe that was the reason why. Cats don't stay together like humans do. They mate, and move onto the next potential five minute lover. I was acting more human. I find it strange, but instead of wanting the satisfaction of many upon many males running at my heels to get my 'treasure', I wanted nothing more to find a male that actually loves me, such as humans do. I guess my mind has been changed to see that sort of future… \"My Territory!\" Someone yelled and I looked over to the side. Inside a garden was a tree with a gaping hole in the side. Inside was an old tom cat with dark smoky fur. His eyes were green and dull. He hissed and fluffed out his fur thinking I was going to leap down and take it. He growled again and said \"My damn territory! You hear? Mine!\" \"Take your god damn territory and shove it up your ass!\" I screamed back at him so loud, I think the next district could have herd me. The tom cat seemed shocked for a moment, and then he was silent. I turned away from him and continued my way back to Francis house. By the time I got there, Francis and Bluebeard were walking out of the lower left window and onto the fence. I gave a nod to them and Bluebeard walked right past me muttering to himself. Francis however looked me over and asked \"Are you alright Novalee?\" \"Peachy…\" I said with a small growl and then said \"Let's just go meet this smartass Bluebeard talked about.\" Francis decided not to ask why I was so angry and then followed Bluebeard as well. \"I looked in Gustav's dictionary and I found out what Claudandus means.\" Francis said starting a conversation. I looked back at him and asked \"So what did it say?\" \"It says it's a Latin word that means, he or who must be sealed. What do you think that means?\" Francis asked and Bluebeard hummed and then said \"Let me put on the old thinking cap on.\" \"Oh you think do you?\" I called and I heard Francis chuckle behind me. Bluebeard glanced over his shoulder at me and said \"I think non-stop surprisingly. I even read a book once.\" He said and laughed. Francis rolled his eyes and I said \"Oh yah? I worked a computer before.\" \"You have?\" Francis asked amazed and I giggled and said \"Yes, but it was something stupid. Grace left it on and I jumped up after watching her do her work on it for hours. I tried it out. What I did first was open up a games program called Pinball. The object is to bat a ball around on the screen keeping it from getting in a hole. The game is surprisingly annoying to someone who hates to lose.\" \"Remind me never to play it.\" Bluebeard said sarcastically and I chuckled again. I looked up and saw a house that stood out from the others. It was tall and looked newer. It glowed in the morning sunlight and I was surprised when Bluebeard leaped down into the garden of the house. We walked around to the front of the house. The front door was open where I guess the owner left it open. I guess that was good for us. Francis led the way this time and walked into the house first. Then Bluebeard and finally me. Inside the house was even more outstanding then the outside. The carpets where so soft and clean, almost like if any dirt were to ever touch them, and then it would disappear like it was never there. The walls were clean and evenly painted. The other side of the room a large bookshelf with many books towered over the room, and a chair in the middle of the room faced two large paintings on a wall. Walking forward I discovered various objects such as vases, a rug, even the staircase looked like it was all picked out of an art museum. Whoever lived here must be very rich to afford such a large house with many…exotic items. \"Eh, the can opener here is some sort of scientist… or somethin'….\" Bluebeard said and then turned and walked up the steps. Francis and I followed and I looked around. The stairs lead up to a hallway and then Bluebeard turned and walked into a room. The room had large windows letting in bright sunlight. And right to the doorway was a large portrait of a tall man stood. At the bottom of the large painting was a gold plate that read G.J. Mendel. I wonder if that's who lives here. Then as I turned away from the painting of the human I saw a cat, sitting on a glass desk facing a computer. He moved the mouse with his paw and then typed something on the keyboard. \"Delighted to meet you my friends.\" The cat said and turned around. He was a Brown Havana. One of the smartest breeds of cats today. His fur was a town of brown that reminded me of chocolate. While he had a main like fur around his head that went down a line on his back and was his tail. It was a lighter color. And his eyes where bright yellow. Although, I could tell he was quite old. He leaped down from the desk and walked over to us. He sat down next to Bluebeard. Bluebeard then pointed his paw to Francis and said \"This brother here is Francis.\" He then pointed his paw over to me and said \"And this sister here is named Novalee.\" \"And this even cleverer brother is named Pascal.\" Bluebeard said pointing to Pascal. Pascal smiled and said \"Ah, Francis…Novalee… I'm glad to meet you both. I think we will get along fine. Can I offer you something to eat?\" Bluebeard smiled at the thought and I admit, I was hungry, but I really don't think I could hold anything down. \"Thanks, but we have eaten already.\" Francis said and then Bluebeard cast a glance over to me and said \"Uh, but what about Novalee? She hasn't got to eat yet?\" I flicked my tail back and forth and said \"No, I am fine, Bluebeard. But I'm sure our host Pascal won't mind…\" I looked over to Pascal who nodded and said \"Well you know where the kitchen is.\" Bluebeard licked his lips and then quickly ran out of the room. After Bluebeard left, Pascal made his way over to a computer; Francis followed him and said \"I have never seen one of our kind use a computer before. Although Novalee here says she has played a computer game once.\" Pascal looked over his shoulder at me and I said \"Just something simple, a pinball game. All that I needed was to press a few keys.\" \"Well, I use the computer to keep track on the murderer you're trying to find.\" Pascal said and turned his attention back to Francis. I thought I detected an unhappy note in Pascal's voice. Or maybe I just imagined it. He leaped up onto the glass desk followed by Francis who sat to his right, and I leaped up and sat on his left. Pascal touched a button on the keyboard and the monitor screen turned completely black. Then, in bright golden letters, a word typed itself out. The word was Felidae. Pascal turned to Francis and asked \"Do you know what this word means, Francis?\" I flicked my tail over my paws for I knew what it means. \"Could it be a scientific name for cats, as we are called?\" Francis asked and then Pascal was getting ready to say something but I cut in and said \"Felidae, is a term used for our kind. Although many scientist do not use such a word anymore. There are others, Panthera, Acionyx, um… Lynx, Neofelis, and Leopardus. But it all comes down to the basic name for us, Felidae.\" Pascal seemed to be more pleased with my answer, but a little annoyed that I interrupted him. \"Felidae… evolution is created an astounding number of various animals. But not one deserves the respect and wonder that Felidae has earned.\" Pascal said and the computer flashed as a list of cats appeared. \"Wow, what have you compiled on that list?\" Francis asked and Pascal happily replied and said \"Those are the ones who live in the neighborhood. Name, age, gender, breed, markings… I almost forgot I need to enter you and Novalee now as well.\" \"Incredible…\" I said and Pascal smiled and said \"Yes, it is. Even better if it could help us solve the murder.\" He then pressed a button and a black box with two crosses appeared over a male cat, indicating he was no longer alive. Francis looked away from the screen and asked \"Did you know that all the dead brothers-\" \"Yes. They were all on the prowl after some female.\" Pascal said and then Francis looked up and said \"I have an idea. Find out what breed they were and that may lead us up to a new link.\" Pascal got to work on the computer and I thought for a moment. Maybe, the breeds do play a key role in the murder. I did not even think to figure out what breed Deep Purple and Sasha was. Five names appeared on screen. And next to each of those names were their breed, European Shorthair. Francis smiled but I didn't. That was a very common, breed. One of the most common. That could be just a coincidence… or maybe Francis was right. \"There all the same race! They were not only looking to have fun with a female, but where all European Shorthair!\" Francis said and then Pascal sighed and said \"No, not true. I have yet to add the sixth victim.\" \"Sixth?\" I asked surprised and Pascal nodded and then began typing. I looked up at the screen. F…e…l…i…c \"Felicity!\" Francis and I yelled in shock at the same time. Before anyone could say anything, I spun around and tore out of the room heading for Felicity's home.[Chapter 9] As the sun began to climb over the clouds in the sky, I raced through the district running past my old house, and then a leap up onto a tree. I then weaved around the wooden branches and shot up onto a roof. My claws scrabbled on the tiles as I ran up to the part where the sides connected and looked around. After fixing a map in my head, I leaped to the next roof, and then the next. My paws hurt, from running this early morning, and now this. I was tired, and just wanted to sleep. Felicity couldn't be dead, she just couldn't be. But the facts were winding up in my head. The open skylight, and the information she knows. But, please… if there is a god, don't let her be dead. I leaped up and landed on dark red shutters. Taking a second to catch my breath, I very quietly made my way over to the skylight which was open. Taking a deep breath I leaned over the edge and peered inside. And then that is when I saw the truth. Felicity was sprawled out on the floor, her light blue fur matted with blood, her legs parted on the side made to look like she was sleeping, but that wasn't the worst part. She was decapitated. Her head was ripped away from her body, lying in the opposite direction from her body was facing. Blood still trickled out of her mouth, and her eyes… they were wide open. I closed my eyes, afraid if I looked at her any longer I would never forget. But it was too late. I would always remember this; always remember her cold dead eyes. Longing to see the world, no matter how close to death she was. I walked away silently, not sure what I should do next. I sat on the edge of the house, my front paws curling over the edge, and a large fall into the garden just a whisker ahead of me. It's so easy, to think of suicide after seeing something like Felicity's death. But of course, I won't go down like that. I think, if I were to die, I die fighting… Taking a long deep breath, I rose up and made my way back down the house and decided to head back to Pascal's place. Maybe Francis was waiting for me to get back, to tell him that it was just a mistake, that she was okay and alive… only… she wasn't. And never will be again. The clouds over head started close together and tiny drops of rain started to fall. I glared up at the grey clouds, somehow wanting to blame them for the misfortune that has fallen on this day, but that's stupid. So I looked forward and picked up speed, running through the thin rain, and back to that large, white house where the others were at. … By the time I reached Pascal's house, the rain was coming down hard. Starting to soak my fur. I shivered and then carefully slipped inside by the same entrance I used a few hours ago. Inside was warmer, and all was quiet. I looked around at first, unsure if I should leave or continue, but after a moment, I headed down the hall and up the spiral stairs. I then made my way into the room I last saw Pascal, and found him back at the computer, swiftly pressing the keys to the wonderful machine. I glanced around the room, seeing that Francis and Bluebeard were gone. I then quietly walked forward. Pascal's ear twitched and he spun around and looked down at me, his yellow eyes glowing. He gave me a welcoming smile and said \"Welcome back Novalee…\" His smile faded and he asked \"And, Felicity?\" \"She's dead.\" I said in a quiet whisper. He shook his head and said \"I'm so sorry to hear that. Although I did not know her personally, I have heard good things about her.\" \"If you don't mind me asking, where are Bluebeard and Francis, Pascal?\" I asked glancing around the room again. Pascal hopped down from the computer desk and onto the ground after a quick stretch he said \"Francis ran out of the room shortly after you did. And I believe Bluebeard went after him.\" \"I must have missed them.\" I said and gave off a small sigh. Pascal walked passed me, and leaped up onto a soft chair with a yellow cushion. \"And, Felicity… the poor dear… were you good friends with her?\" He asked twisting around once before he settled down. \"Well, not good friends. But, we were friends I guess. I don't really know myself Pascal. I just feel so… helpless, weak, and angry for not being there to save her.\" I said wiping a tear away from my eyes. \"It is a shame when things like this happen. But life goes on, and we must now work even harder to find the murderer, and stop his evil ways.\" Pascal said and then patted the spot next to him for me to join him, even though I was still wet from the rain. I slowly walked over to the chair, and then leaped up. I sat down next to him, not wanting to lay down and soak the chair as well, but I then asked \"Have you always lived here Pascal?\" \"No, I was once a stray. My owner, Ziebold, took me in.\" Pascal said and looked forward, staring off remembering a distant memory that I may never know. But he slowly came back to his thoughts and this time and then asked \"What about you dear? I noticed that collar around your neck, so you must not be a stray?\" \"Oh, I was born a stray, my mother raised me and my two other brothers. She named one Bone and the other, I think I remember his name being Jason. Jason was snatched up by a human at an early age, and my mother hated them ever sense. She tried to teach us that they were bad. But after I left her and my brother, I met Grace, a young human female.\" \"And, she is your current owner?\" \"No… She passed away yesterday. I knew she was terribly sick for a while now. So I am a stray now.\" I said quietly and then looked down at my paws. \"She must have been a very good owner then.\" Pascal said and then added \"I can see by how sad you are that she must have meant a great deal to you, Novalee.\" \"Oh, she was not my owner Pascal. But my friend. Yes, I know it is strange, but I consider her to be my friend. I thought human beings were the nicest creatures in the world, but even I know, that is a farfetched idea… I know how evil and cruel this world can be. And what humans can do.\" \"Human…\" Pascal echoed and seemed to be lost in thought again. I lay down a bit, now that I was a bit dryer. There was a long silence, and then I felt Pascal shift and slightly lean against me. I didn't say anything about it, his warm pelt pressing into mine. I then could hear the soft, rhythm of his breathing, knowing he had fallen asleep. And then a small smile appeared on my face. I may have lost a friend today, but I think I just made a new one…[Chapter 10] I looked around, lost in a hallway of books and shelves. Right away I sniffed the air. And when no scent, none at all came to me, I noted this was a dream. I could not understand it all. But everything felt so vivid. And yet, I know this is still a dream. I walked forward, and then came to the end of a shelf. And saw a cross road of ways to go. All leading into darkness and more shelves. And I noticed, covering the shelves were a type of plant. The plant twirled around each shelf, pushing its way into the cracks of the wood and in between the books. I got close to one shelf and looked at the plants. The purple and white flowers on the end were what I recognized right away, and I also noticed the small little pods. Pea plants… I know this may be a dream, so things could get weird… and this was already weird… The books would be matching others in some way. So I guess from what I know they were encyclopedias. Or, since this was a dream, they could be meaningless books in this labyrinth of a library. I huffed and then suddenly the ground shook beneath me and the books started falling. I felt my fur puff out and I sprinted. Books were falling everywhere, and I tried to doge them. They thumped hard down on the ground making even more fall down. I looked up, and there, running on the top shelves were my kind. Or, at least I think they were. They were dark shapes, longer, bigger, and I could tell… more dangerous than my kind is today. The only thing I could make out was gold, sandy color eyes. I recognized those eyes. Somewhere… yes! My other dream! The ones that met me when I was dragged out of a cage! But… somewhere else before… Suddenly, a whole case started to fall, directly in front of me, I turned, to flee but my paws slipped and I fell on my side. And I screamed as the shelf began to fall on top of me… \"Well what do we have here?\" I opened my eyes startled and looked up. A very tall and skinny man stood over me and I puffed out my fur. Pascal, next to me raised his head and said to me \"It is alright Novalee; this is my owner.\" Pascal's owner has short, curly red hair, and was in his late fifties maybe? His eyes were blue, mixed with a bit of green and he was wearing a plain green sweater and tan pants. Before I could react to even make a break for a hiding spot, he gently rubbed my head and down my back. He chuckled and said \"There… looks like you have a friend Pascal.\" Pascal, to humor his owner, mewed for him. He pat Pascal's head and then strolled over to the computer. I was worried at first about Pascal's program to keep track of the other cats in the district. But to my surprise when the computer turned on, the screen was a blue desktop with a few icons. None indicated the program filled with my kind. \"It's hidden.\" Pascal said before I could ask. Then he added \"There is a pass code needed to be put into the computer before the program can be opened.\" \"Oh.\" Was all my response. I was tempted to ask what the code might be, but then again, it belonged to Pascal. And I already have overstayed my welcome. I stood up and nodded to Pascal saying \"I should catch up with Francis. I'll see you again soon Pascal.\" \"I'll be waiting for our next visit then, Novalee.\" Pascal said and I leaped down off the chair, and walked away from the bright room, and from Pascal and his owner. As I walked down the hallway, I could only wonder what Francis had done after seeing the gruesome death of Felicity. Soon as I walked outside, the blast of cold chilly wind hit me and I shivered. Winter would be here soon. Shaking off the idea, I turned and made my way down the alley way, heading back to Francis house. \"My territory! Mine!\" I sighed as I heard the old cat from the day before yelling, probably at some other cat wondering on the walls. I was about to continue forward, ignoring the old cats stupid wailing, when another voice joined up and said \"Well it's my god damn territory now!\" Followed by a hissing fit, and a screech. Then the sound of two cats fighting hit my ears; along with a third cat yelling \"Woo! Kick his old sorry ass!\" I leaped up, and landed on the wall. Running a few feet down the way, I looked down into the yard. Two cats where fighting. The old smoky grey tom cat, and a fiery red cat. I could not make anything else out because they were a mass off screeching fur. \"Wooo!\" I looked up sharply and saw another cat, caught up in the branches of the tree. His pelt was a dark red. Mixed in with a few patches of black. His eyes were two different colors. Left eyes was green, while the right was blue. He was an England Shorthair. Suddenly the smoky grey tom leaped away screaming and took off. He was bleeding badly from cuts along his side, and I watched as he leaped up and over the wall, disappearing over the side. \"Yah, my territory now!\" A female voice yelled out and I looked down at the red cat on the ground. She had blue eyes and I recognized her. \"Dream?\" I yelled in shock. And the cat spun around facing me. Her face lightened up. And she called \"Novalee! I've been looking everywhere for you!\" I leaped down into the garden and sprinted over to my old friend. She ran over to me and we touched noses in a greeting. \"How the hell did you end up here?\" I asked and Dream smirked and said \"Well it's called hiding under the back seat of your owner's car.\" I smiled and then gently swatted her ear and said \"Then leaped out of the door when no one was around…\" \"Yup!\" She said and then added \"You don't think I leave my gal pal to face the new world by herself did you?\" I rubbed up against her and said \"I've needed something like you to pick my spirits up lately.\" \"Ah, this is the cat you were looking for?\" I looked up and watched as the red and black cat dropped down and landed next to Dream. Dream nodded and then Dream said \"Novalee, I want you to meet a new friend of mine. This is Roulette. He's been helping me out around the place and things…\" \"Nice to meet you Roulette.\" I said in a greeting and nodded to him. He just looked me over and smirked. I looked away and to Dream and said \"I would love to hang out with you but I got to get somewhere.\" \"Where?\" Dream asked as I started to walk past her and Roulette. Roulette turned his head and then started walking in a different direction, but I didn't stop him. Instead I leaped up onto the fence and said \"A friend's house. I need to see if he is okay. And let him know about something.\" \"Well then, why don't we come along?\" Dream said leaping up onto the fence. I looked to Dream and she leaped up saying \"At least let us meet the cat.\" I sighed and then said \"Alright. Follow me then.\" I added and then looked for roulette to join us, but he was by the garden wall, talking to some small cat, a little male cat with fiery orange fur like Dreams. \"You coming Roulette?\" Dream called out and Roulette called back \"Can't! I'm going to help this little furball get home. He's lost.\" I nodded and then turned walking in the other direction. Dream quickly followed me and the both of us headed over to Francis house. (Dream belongs to starbomb)[Chapter 11] Fluffy grey and white clouds gathered overhead and Dream said \"Seems like winter is going to be harsh this year.\" I shrugged at her remark and said \"You never know. I bet there will be one bad snowstorm and then calm for the rest of the season.\" \"Merrrrow!\" A male voice called and Dream and I looked up to an open window of a tall grey building. On the top left window was a male cat. His fur was sandy gold color along with his eyes being two bright golden and gem like. His muzzle was oddly black and so was the tip of his tail and ears. I could not tell what species he was, for I had never seen a cat like him before. \"Do you know him?\" I asked Dream and she nodded saying \"Yah, I met him when I first got here. His name is... Ugg... What was it?\" \"We'll I don't know.\" I said giving her a gentle shove and then she said \"Oh! His name was somethin' of a tongue twister. It was Chrochoch.\" \"Such an unusual name.\" I said and then looked back at the Tom. He pawed the window and motioned for Dream to visit him. I gave Dream a look and her fur puffed out and said \"Oh shut up!\" She then dashed across the yard heading for a cat door and I called \"See you later!\" I watched her tail disappear through the cat door and I carried on with what I was doing, going to find Francis. As I walked back I looked up to the sky and saw the white puffy clouds were grey and ready to burst with Earth's tears. Or, rain if you like that instead of \"earth's tears\". My mother had called it that. ... I sat at the entrance to a small den like area. It was actually an unwanted piece of wood leaned up against an ally wall. But mother made it our den by dragging old towels and a cushion for our bedding into it. Outside the rain poured down, it had seemed like it would never stop raining. Behind me my mother walked up and sat down wrapping her tail around me. Her gaze was dull and she was incredibly skinny. You could see her bony frame through her once glowing white fur, but had now turned grey. \"When will it stop? I hate the rain!\" I had yelled to her, giving the air a swipe of my paw as if I could blow back the water droplets. My mother licked my head and said \"Rain is good. It gives things water, to grow. And it puts out fires, and sometimes cleans things.\" \"I don't care!\" I yelled and sighed. My mother nuzzled my cheek and then said \"It is also Earth's tears.\" I looked up to her. Waiting for her to tell me more. She smiled and then began to tell me the story. \"Long ago, when the world was still knew. Life was great. Animals of all kind hid in the forest, played by the ponds and rivers, and slept in fields. Nothing died. But as the Sun watched from the sky above, he saw that there were too many of us. We were becoming crowded. Food was getting harder to find. After long thought, the Sun knew what he had to do. He had to bring death into the world. He looked to the animals and called 'There are too many of you. Food will disappear; homes will be destroyed if you do not start dying, to let your kin go on living.'\" \"All the animals were terrified of dying, not knowing what lay beyond the world they knew. One life is all it took, to let the others start going through life as it was meant to be. The Sun, asked for a sacrifice, so that when blood touched the earth, death would be real. No one came forward, and when no one did a rabbit leaped up and called \"Let a bird be the one! They are always eating the berries around the land!'\" \"The birds got angry and then shouted 'No! Let a Deer be the first! They always eat the grass that lays stretched out over the land!' The Deer also became angry and yelled 'No, let the Squirrels! They eat the nuts that create the new trees!' And so, each and every kind of animal shouted at each other. Trying to find one who would die.\" \"Then what happened?\" I had asked her, wanting to know who would be the first. My mother picked me up by my scruff and placed me in our makeshift nest and said \"Then, one of ours stepped forward. A proud mighty member of the Felidae. With a glowing white pelt, rippling mussels, golden eyes and a voice so nice, he was a natural beauty. The animals of all knew him well. His name was Frith.\" \"Frith looked to the sun and called up 'I know nothing of what lays ahead, after we pass on. But I am willing to find out, and sacrifice myself for the better of us all. So that one day, all Felidae shall be safe, and continue to live on as well as the rest of the world. So I offer myself to you.' All the animals suddenly felt guilty for trying to get one another to die. And they all looked to Frith, and thought of death themselves.\" \"What happened next mama?\" \"The Sun looked to every animal and then said softly 'Frith, your courage and sacrifice shall be remembered. The world will cry for you, forever. To remember what you have done for us.' Then Frith nodded and walked away from the other Felidae and stood in front of the Sun and said 'I thank you, great one. If death is what it must come to, for us to live, then so be it.' Then the Sun said goodbye to Frith and struck down on him, ending his life.\" \"He, died?\" \"Yes. And his blood dripped all over the ground. The animals were terrified at the sight and fled. But they had not forgotten what Frith had done. And when night came, the Moon cast her rays over the blood and from that grew plants. In the morning the plats bloomed and death was unleashed into the world. At first, the animals hated Frith and the Sun for what had happened to them, but then… they realized what Frith had. Death and Life are together. Nothing lives forever. And so, once again, they cried for the fallen cat, and all the fallen of their own kind. And then being moved by this, the Sun cried as well, creating rain. Earth's tears.\" I looked out to the rain poring outside and I felt my own self, starting to have cold wet tears slip down my cheeks. My mother nuzzled me and then licked the tears away and said \"Why are you crying little one?\" \"I'm crying for Frith. The Sun said that the world will cry for him. And now I am too.\" My mother chuckled and then said \"You don't have to cry for him. The world will do it for you… the world shall cry for Frith and all the fallen animals of the land.\" The memory was painful to me. My mother had died a week later. And when it rained for her, I cried with it. Of course, now I know that it's not tears raining down on us, but precipitation jut doing its job. But still, I call it Earth's tears. Shaking my head of these thoughts, I ran forward towards the old building that was Francis home. An open window is we're I slipped in just as rain broke brought the sky and poured down on the ground. Inside the house was warm and I sighed as I stretched. I sniffed the air and then made my way around the apartment looking for my dear friend, Francis. After a minute of searching, I saw Francis slowly come out of Gustav's room. He sniffed the air and then looked over at me. I walked over to him and asked \"Did you…see her?\" Francis nodded sadly and sighed. He then said \"Her eyes were wide open, as even with her dying moments, the thing she wanted to do most was…\" \"See.\" I finished for him and then sat down. I sighed as well and said \"She was murdered. Because she knew too much.\" Francis nodded and then said \"Were dealing with a cold blooded murderer here. Not some lunatic.\" \"Where have you been?\" Francis asked, adding on to what he said. I shrugged and said \"Around the district. I met an old friend and a new one. Also, I came across a strange breed of cat.\" \"Strange? How so?\" Francis asked and then I described Chrochoch to Francis and then added \"He seemed more…wild. Like he wasn't meant to be kept inside the house. Almost as if he was a natural born hunter, not domesticated like the rest of our kind.\" \"Strange. If I see him some time I'll try to figure him out myself.\" Francis said and then walked past me pushing open an old door. It leads down into a basement of some sorts since the stairs lead down. I then asked Francis \"What are you doing?\" \"Going to go hunting. I'm sure there are plenty of mice down there. Yu know, just to relax for a bit.\" He said and then silently padded down into the dark basement. Thunder crackled outside and I looked to the window first across the hall, and then I turned and followed Francis down into the basement. When I reached the bottom of the steps, I found piles of books and papers scattered around the room. Boxes and a assortment of random items were also everywhere. Reminds me of the 'hospital' up in the attic. Slipping around the boxes Francis tapped my shoulder and pointed with his tail to a group of mice…no rats scurrying around on the floor. I slipped around to one side, while Francis moved to the other. Carefully, I ducked down and then once close enough I shot forward slamming my paw down inches from a rat. It squeaked and then darted for cover. Taking off after it I chased it into a U-turn and accidently hit an old VCR machine and a tv flickered to life. Suddenly Francis leaped out of hiding and pounced on the rat grabbing it by the neck and slamming it repeatedly against the ground, ending its life quickly. A fuzzing sound hit my ears and I looked back to the old TV set and saw static on the screen. A voice was talking and for a moment the static flickered into a picture. Francis and I walked forward and sat down in front of the TV, and watched the secrets of the video unfold in front of us. Dream belongs to starbomb and Chrochoch is an actual character in the book, you just see his name once. I'm using him for the story.[Chapter 12] The TV flickered with Static, and then a male human voice spoke out and said \"This Lab is my dream. Pharmarox has compromised on our financial needs.\" The screen changed to an old laboratory, oddly familiar in some way. Three human men where in the room moving about, turning on machines, getting equipment ready. \"My assistances are Ziebold and Grey. I know that my tissue bonding glue will revolutionize medical science.\" An older human took a dark grey cat with yellow eyes and gently pet its back first, then laid it down. I then watched with wide eyes as he strapped down the cat to a table. Then, one human being reached back and pulled out a scapula and cut a small slice in the back of the cats head. And then another man handed him a small test tube filled with some sort of chemical. \"The first experiment had failed.\" The voice said and then dripped some of the chemical onto the wound. I watched in horror as the chemical ate away the flesh, digging deeper into the cats head. The cat twitched violently and the voice spoke out saying \"The mixture edged out and made its way through the skull and into the brain.\" The cat fell still and the voice said \"I can only conclude that the malic acid solution must be diluted further.\" The screen flickered again to a different point in time to the video and the screen showed two cats, a black and a brown cat tied down to the table again. Both squirming and calling out. The oldest man took a scapula and then first cut a slice again down the back of its head. Then it all repeated again as they dropped one drop of the chemical onto the cat's wound. Again the same thing happened. The skin burned away, showing us white skull for a moment, before that too started to be burned away by the chemical. The doctors walked away like nothing was happening, although the cat on the table called out in pain, twitching horribly. \"It simply defies logic.\" The voice said and the screen fizzed up once before it turned to a different point in time. One man held a cat a soft brown one with golden eyes. I was scared for a moment that I would have to watch it over again, but instead the man put the cat on the floor and pets him. \"This morning a scrapping young stray found its way to the lab. We've made him our mascot.\" The cat took a few paces forward and then the screen jumped ahead in time to where the lab was quiet, darker and the three men gathered around a table. \"So many experiments. So many failures. Now we only have our nameless mascot as a test subject.\" I watched as the cut just behind the brown cat's shoulder, and then applied the mixture. I got ready to see the gruesome sight again, but this time, it did not happen. The wound banded together and healed! \"A miracle! I applied the mixture and it worked!\" The screen flickered to a few seconds ahead in the video and showed the oldest of the men, the one doing most of the experiments, placing the brown cat back in his cage. \"It seems that our stray preformed an incalculable service in medical science.\" I then watched as they closed the door and placed a name tag on the door. When I read it, I could not believe my eyes. \"We have named our successful subject, Claudandus.\" And with that, the screen flickered again to where Claudandus was now tied to the table once again. The men crowded around him. \"We had to perform a dissection on Claudandus. Some factor in his genetic makeup enables him unlike the other subjects to absorb the mixture without ill effects. He must be a mutant.\" I then watched in horror as they cut Claudandus open, drilled into his skull and preformed other sickening deeds. Oh Claudandus… The screen flickered once again to a different time just showing the lab and then the voice said \"Pharmarox has cut our funding by a third. But I am Professor Preterius! A shortage of experimental animals? No problem…\" The screen flickered again to a different section of the lab. And I watched as the other two scientists left the lab. \"Alright. Leave if you wish Doctor Ziebold. Sacrifice! Scientific progress demands sacrifice!\" And along hearing those words, the camera moved over to where you could see a corpse of a cat laying on the medical table. A first I thought it was Claudandus, but this cat was black. Static filled the screen and it change to show Preterius lighting a few candles for light. He talked softly, clearly under the spell of alcohol. \"Thanks to my ingenious breeding program, some of the females have produced kittens! Thus insuring a supply of subjects for the future.\" The screen changed to where it looked to Claudandus's cage and Preterius called out saying \"I wonder if you're still capable of producing offspring Claudandus!\" Preterius then banged on the cage, and gave a dry laugh. \"Suddenly I have a vision of a new and entirely unique extraordinary race of cats! A super race!\" He babbled on hitting the cage. The screen changed, and somewhere I knew this gruesome and sad tail was coming to an end. The screen changed to where it showed only the cage of Claudandus. The cat inside was hidden from the shadows. Preterius laughed slightly and said \"Yes Claudandus…talk to me!\" He then giggled some more and said \"Fascinating idea. The animal…eh...\" He trailed off bringing back his thoughts and said \"Has no sense of humor.\" I watched as Claudandus walked forward half into the light. Only half his face showed, slightly growing old, his brown fur glowed in the candle light, and his gold eyes showed hatred and agony deep within. Suddenly the screen started up in static, and continues to show static, but Preterius wasn't done speaking. The voice went on saying \"What did he say? That I should release him from his cage? And face him in hand to hand combat? What's this? I got to save Claudandus?\" Enough was enough, and I reached over and pressed a red button on the VCR. The screen went black, and the secrets of the tape were now reviled. I sat back, staring down at my paws feeling guilty and full of sadness for those cats that died at the hands for useless medical testing. And yes, yes Claudandus too. Suddenly insane laughter filled the room and Francis and I spun around. Out of the open basement window, Kong shoved his way through. He dropped down landing on the dead rat, splattering its blood on the ground. Francis leaped down and I leaped to the side, moving through the cover of the boxes. Kong laughed and then said \"I promised you that we would have a little get together in the not too distant future!\" Francis slowly moved to the side, trying to move past Kong and said \"I sure love to stay and chat but I got more important things to do.\" The two cats slowly started to circle each other. \"Well you're going to squeeze me into your busy schedule.\" Kong said and Francis resorted by saying \"Kong, Don't you think we should talk seriously about what's important?\" Kong smirked and then said \"Excuse me but you got something serious on your mind?\" He then laughed. \"I need your help.\" Francis started and then added \"To find the crazy man who is killing all our brothers.\" Kong laughed and drew closer to Francis. And then said \"You already found him Cutie.\" \"You? But Kong Why?\" Francis asked astonished and I gasped slightly leaping up on a box and then another till I towered over the two cats, but neither noticed me. \"Ha! Why?\" Kong broke out into laughter and then added \"Well, let's just say that like you, they didn't show me respect.\" \"I'm not saying you're not a tough guy but your motive doesn't seem to convince me.\" Francis said as he backed up. And Kong boxed him in near the wall and said \"Oh well then let's see if I can convince you.\" Another pair of laughter filled the room and I looked to the basement window and saw Herman and Herman looking down at Francis. \"Is this fair?\" Francis asked and his eyes drifted over to mine for a moment and I nodded to him. He looked back to Kong and the large cat bellowed in laughter and said \"Fair? Hell no!\" Bunching my mussels, I got ready to make the leap. Suddenly Kong leaped and Francis darted to the side. He leaped up a stack of books to a shelf and disappeared behind a corner. Kong went after him first, and I leaped out of my hiding place and tackled one of the Herman brothers. We tumbled down the pile and I landed carefully on my paws while Herman hit his shoulder hard. His brother leaped down growling at me. \"That hurt!\" Herman 1, the one I just attacked said and rose to his paws. I hissed at them and then before they could move forward I darted forward and dashed to the side before swinging around and delivering a sharp blow to Herman 2's head. He leaped back, with his ear starting to bleed. I then launched at the other one battering him, but the other turned on me quickly scratching his claws down my back. I swung around and slammed my front left paw across his muzzle making him go off balanced and topple over. Suddenly Francis ran past me, just escaping Kong and yelled \"Run!\" And with that, I swung out at Herman 1 once, and then followed Francis to the open Basement window. Francis took a straight leap up while I jumped to a box, and then out the window. Outside the rain poured down hard, and lighting flashed, thunder crackled and all I knew what to do was just to run away. Francis dashed across the yard with me hot on his heels and we leaped over a fence, just as we made it over, I heard Kong and the Hermans come out of the basement as well. We darted across the next lawn, passing by two garages and leaped up onto the wall first, the top of the garage. And onto the next one. Kong was just a yard behind us, keeping pace with everything we did. We leaped down into the garden below, but I landed on uneven ground and a hard stinging feeling came to my shoulder. But I didn't stop; I rushed forward passing Francis who paused for a moment. A long ally way stretched before us and as I drew near the wall, Herman and Herman were there waiting for me. Taking a daring leap up, I twisted to the side and knocked both the toms off, but behind the wall lay a pool of water. Twisting in the air I splashed deep into the cold water, but my paw hooked the side of the wall and I pulled myself up. I was panting hard but couldn't stop. Francis leaped the wall, missing the pool of water. He paused for a moment and then grabbed my scruff hauling me out of the water. I nodded my thanks and then we moved swiftly away, just in time to see Kong leap over the fence, and splash down into the water. A gate lay ahead of us and instead of jumping, Francis and I slipped through the metal bars and into the next garden. My paws felt heavy, and my wet fur was just weighing me down even more. I could not run from them anymore. And as I walked ahead, Francis stopped short and stared down at his paws, a horrified look on his face. I joined his side and at first I saw nothing, but when light flashed I saw the body of a light blue she-cat lay stretched out, her neck slashed, and her belly sliced open, showing tiny bodies of her unborn kittens. And with a sickening feeling, I recognized this cat as well. It was Solitaire.[Chapter 13] \"My god…\" Francis whispered as he stared at the horror in front of him. I couldn't say anything. My fur slowly raised and bristled. Solitaire's blue eyes stared off into nothing and her mouth lay open, like she was gasping for breath. I slowly backed away from the body, feeling myself starting to shake. \"Looks like he ran out of steam suddenly. That's what happens to you if you eat too much junk food.\" Kong growled as he reached the top of the wall and looked down to us. Francis panted for breath and turned around and said \"Yah I'm out of breath. And it looks as I'm not the only one.\" Kong leaped down growling and Francis moved to the side. Kong then asked \"What bullshit are you talking now?\" Kong looked passed Francis and then gasped \"Solitaire!\" Kong rushed forward and threw Francis aside. \"Oh Solitaire! What has happened to you? What the hell has that evil bastard done?\" He called to the dead female. He then called out \"Oh my lovey Solitaire…\" Francis moved back to talk to the Herman twins while I backed up near a bush. If Kong was wailing about Solitaire like this, then maybe that was his mate, and his kits… A sudden shift in the shadows next to me made me look to my right. I saw old weary yellow eyes. I puffed out my fur and saw the faint out light of a cat hidden in the shadows. He flinched at my gaze and backed up. He seemed to cower and then he said \"Please. I did not mean any harm. I have broken the sacred rule and visited the land of day during the night. Please do not harm the Guardian of the Dead.\" \"Hey, no one is going to hurt you friend.\" I said softly and then I looked out to see Kong rounding on the others babbling about how he was going to murder the murderer. And when I looked back to the cat hidden in the shadows, I knew he was not the murderer. He was too scared, even by me and he was nearly twice my size just by looking at his faint shape. \"You got to get out of here. If Kong sees you, he will turn you inside out!\" The cat didn't say much to me; he just muttered some kind of prayer of thanks and then bolted out of the bush. But to my horror Kong whirled around and saw him just as he made cover for the tree. \"You're going to die!\" Kong yelled and in a frantic I rushed out of the bushes and yelled \"Run!\" The cat looked to me and leaped up the wall and over the side. I was right behind him as I landed in an old yard littered with various items. Including an old bathtub that was flipped over. The cat dashed under there, and in an instant I followed him, and hid under the tub. I looked to the cat and saw him now. His pelt was grey mixed with blue. He had a large amount of fur around his head making him appear to have a mane like appearance. The end of his tail and his front left leg was hairless as it seemed to be slightly burned away. Not from hair loss. His eyes were a faded yellow and showed fear and much sadness in them. He also looked tired, like he had not slept for days on end. \"What's your name?\" I whispered to him. He just stared at me, unsure if I was going to harm him. I laid my tail on his shoulder and said \"Don't worry; I'm a friend…not a foe.\" \"Jesaja, the Guardian of the Dead.\" He said softly and I was about to ask another question but Kong landed in front of the tub, his lackeys landed next to him and then they dashed across the yard leaping over the next wall. Jesaja rose to his paws and said \"I must return to the temple before the light of day appears.\" As confused as I was with his 'guardian' talk, I got up as well and followed him out from under the tub. He looked around the lawn and then headed into a drainage pipe at the side of the wall. I followed him closely and I looked around for any sign of Francis. I did not see him at first, but then I caught a glimpse of his paws as he started to pull himself over the wall. Turning away I headed into the pipe. Jesaja was waiting for me above a darkened spot on the floor. He carefully stepped over it and motioned for me to do the same he then said \"It's a drop straight down. Not the path you want to take.\" I nodded and then stepped over it and followed him deeper into the darkness. We veered down as the tunnel headed down deeper under the district. As I stepped on the ground, something smooth flipped over my paw and saw a long bone. I then looked around and saw old human skeleton on the walls and over the floor. It was a Catacomb. Not to make fun of myself or anything. A Catacomb was an old tomb like place that people stored dead bodies over the ground. Jesaja slipped out of a small entrance and I followed him. Once I walked out, I gasped as I saw a new nightmare, a real one. Dead brothers and sisters, cats off all kinds where placed up against the wall. Somewhere just freshly rotting, others were just bone. But I noticed. No matter how old they were, or how torn and gruesome, they all wore flowers. \"Did…did you do this?\" I asked shocked and Jesaja nodded and said \"I am the guardian of the dead. I protect and care for the brothers and sisters of the land of the day, even after they have passed on into the land of dreams. I even bring them flowers that grow in the tunnels, to bring them peace.\" \"Did you murder them?\" I asked turning on him. He shook his head no, scared that I might leap at him at first but then voices filled the silent room. And I knew them well. \"Get an eyeful of that. A mass grave.\" A deep voice said and I moved passed the large tomb like shrine in the middle and saw Bluebeard and Francis walking into the room. Why was Bluebeard with him? I moved out from hiding and Francis paused and narrowed his eyes at me. Bluebeard looked surprised and asked \"And what are you doing down here sweetheart?\" I puffed out my fur and said \"Don't call me that. And I was helping an innocent cat escape the wrath of 'King Kong' out there.\" As I said that, Jesaja walked out from behind the shrine and Francis asked \"And who are you?\" Jesaja backed up from the tone of Francis and I narrowed my eyes at him and said \"His name is Jesaja. He's the Guardian of the Dead.\" Bluebeard moved aside and one of the skeletons fell apart and clattered to the floor. Jesaja moved calmly past us and gathered together the bones of the dead and put them back together, reforming the dead cat. \"So is this all your work? Did you kill them and drag them down here?\" Bluebeard asked and Jesaja turned and said \"No it wasn't me. The dead come down to me. They are sent by the Prophet.\" \"Where are you from Jesaja?\" Francis asked and then added \"And how did you come to be in this gruesome place?\" I noticed Jesaja looked hurt at the last remark Francis made and then he sighed and said \"Once there was a suffering dream land. I was born there. It was a place of sorrow, until the Prophet…\" He paused to rearrange the bones on a cat and then continued. \"Came among us with salvation. And God heard the pleading of the Prophet. He sent down the day with his blinding light, the bright day destroyed the illusion. And we who suffered fled from there into the world.\" \"What happened to the Prophet?\" I asked moving closer to Jesaja. He looked to the roof above and I looked up as well. It was all sealed in like a cave, only a hole rest at the top, where bright light shone down. Most likely the light of day now. \"He was taken to heaven. Father Joker told me all of this.\" Jesaja said and Francis eyes widen and he asked \"What? The leader of the Claudandus Sect!\" \"This had been his home for years.\" Jesaja said heading for the shrine in the middle of the room. \"For he rescued me in my time of need. He brought me here and cared for me. And then, the day came were Joker had to leave me, and spread the Prophet's message throughout the world.\" Francis leaped to the shrine and then asked \"And how did Joker account for the collection of bones he so lovingly gathered?\" I moved towards the shrine as well and watched Jesaja step up onto it, and his pelt was illuminated by the shining light. \"He didn't. When Father Joker and I lived down here together, it wasn't the same as you see now. One day quiet soon after Father Joker had left me, I heard a fighting noise at the entrance of the tunnel. I made my way to the entrance and to my horror; I was confronted by a dead sister. All at once I heard the voice of the Lord from on high.\" \"And what did the Lord say?\" Francis asked sounding skeptical. Jesaja looked down at us, his eyes seeming even more tired and then he said \"He said I had been chosen to be the guardian of the dead. And must never again return to the world of light…\" \"But now everything has changed.\" Jesaja said with a pause looking up at the hole that let in light. \"For I haven't heard the Prophet's voice for a long time. Nor does he send the dead to their Kingdome. I have been forsaken.\" He looked down at his paws, and I could tell he was becoming filled with sadness. \"And is that the reason you surfaced the night, to find new dead bodies?\" Francis asked. I leaped onto the shrine and carefully and slowly sat down next to Jesaja. He looked to me first and then to Francis nodding slowly and sadly. \"Can you tell me something about the victims?\" Francis asked suddenly as Bluebeard leaped down to his side. He then continued by asking \"Were…they sisters and brothers who had been… sexually excited?\" \"Often the case, my friend.\" Jesaja giving his good paw a lick and brushing it over his ear. \"Others, horribly mutilated also came to the temple.\" \"Were there any that were pregnant?\" Francis asked quietly. Jesaja seemed to finally overcome with sadness and he whispered \"Oh yes, many…many.\" He sniffed, holding back tears and I rest my tail on his shoulder and said \"Thank you for telling us this Jesaja. I'm sure that…the Prophet has not forgotten you. And one thing is for sure.\" \"What?\" He asked, looking over at me and into my eyes. His own were filled with deep sadness, similar to the ones of Claudandus in the video I had seen not too long ago. I gave him a smile and said \"I will never forget you.\" Jesaja gave a small smile back and then look to us all and said \"You must be wanting to leave the Land of the dead by now. The exit is over there, hidden between the two rocks. It leads a straight path to the land of day.\" I nodded to him and then said \"Thank you Jesaja. I will make sure to visit you soon if that is alright?\" He smiled back and nodded. I leaped down from the shrine and made my way over to the exit, Francis and Bluebeard had already made their way through. As I glanced back, Jesaja waved his tail goodbye to me and I waved back to him. He was a kind cat, even though what he was doing seemed…different, it was something good. He was the good guardian of the dead. And if he was gone, left this place, who else would bring these poor murdered souls flowers?[Chapter 14] As we made our way back to our homes, walking along the walls, Bluebeard rambled on about home cooked meals he wanted. Francis seemed to be thinking, but he kept on glancing back to Bluebeard with an annoyed look. I paused on the wall and gave my paw a few licks before I swiped it over my muzzle and then said \"Bluebeard can't you think of something other than food right now?\" Bluebeard paused talking and glared at me. I glared back at him and said \"Don't you see what we have found? We thought we were dealing with 7 murders here, but now it's hundreds! This all started a long time ago! Maybe back to when a laboratory was closed!\" \"No kidding…\" Bluebeard grumbled and then Francis added \"This is serious Bluebeard. And when we were talking, you made an important observation down there.\" \"No kidding!\" Bluebeard said smiling and then I asked \"And what was that?\" \"Why weren't the bodies of Sascha, Deep Purple, Solitaire and…Felicity down there?\" Francis asked and I was quiet for a moment and then I suggested \"I'm going to head over to Pascal and ask him about it.\" Bluebeard yawned and said \"Whatever we do can we do it quickly? I'm getting tired of this whole mess!\" I rolled my eyes and then leaped down the wall and changed my direction heading for Pascal's house. By the time I reached his house, a snowflake landed in front of me and I looked up. It was beginning to snow. Early for this winter. Maybe Dream was right about this winter. Speaking of Dream, I'll have to find her after I speak with Pascal. I slipped into the house through a cat door and carefully made my way through the house, careful for Pascal's owner not to see me. I climbed up the spiral staircase and down the hall. As I came to the room with the computer, I looked around for Pascal and found him asleep on a velvet red chair. I moved quietly and waited quite a while, letting the old cat sleep. He was lucky, having an easy life, unlike the others out there. A while longer passed, and it began to grow dark outside when all of a sudden his ear twitched and he opened his eyes. He then yawned and lifted his head. When he saw me he smiled and said \"Ah, Novalee. So good to see you again. What brings you here?\" \"I think I have found more clues to the case.\" I said and then he nodded and said \"Alright, let's start from the beginning.\" \"Okay, first while in the basement of Francis house, he and I found an old video tape, a documentary. It told of a laboratory that once was here, and how they tested on animals. There is where I think the myth of Claudandus comes from.\" \"How so?\" \"Claudandus was one of the cats they tested on; his genetic makeup made him a main test subject. But also with the other test on the animals, many where maimed or killed. So the humans started a breeding program and made some females have kittens. Anyway, Claudandus must have died from the test and suffering, during the time the lab was closed down and the brothers and sisters there escaped, now living around the district.\" \"Seems likely. I had heard of the Claudandus legend and how it is similar to what you have just told me.\" Pascal said and then I added \"But I have more information.\" Pascal nodded to me to let me continue. \"After discovering the body of Solitaire, a female…that was pregnant. I had followed a strange cat into a hidden Catacomb under the district. There was a room filled with hundreds of dead brothers and sisters. And the cat, Jesaja told me that he had been chosen to be the Guardian of the Dead-\" I paused, thinking things over in my head and then Pascal asked \"Something wrong?\" \"No… I just realized what Jesaja had been saying. He said he was born in a Suffering Dream Land, but I think that was the laboratory! Maybe he was born there from the humans breeding program. And when he escaped, he headed into the Catacombs, with Father Joker.\" \"Joker, the leader of the Claudandus sect?\" Pascal asked me just to make sure. I nodded and then said \"He told Jesaja all about the Claudandus religion and then after he left Jesaja along, Jesaja said he heard the voice of Claudandus. He gave him a dead sister, and told him to become the Guardian of the Dead. But now, I see that it was just a place to store the murdered victims.\" Pascal was quiet and then he smiled at me and said \"Congratulations. I have lived in this district for years Novalee, and I haven't recorded a fraction of all the information you managed to unearth in the short time you have been here. Well done.\" Just as Pascal finished speaking, Francis came walking into the room, a bit of snow was on his back but it would soon melt away. \"Ah, hello Francis. You're just in time. Novalee here has told me of all your findings in the past few days.\" Francis looked to me and smiled but then he turned back to Pascal and said \"Well, not all. Today, I met… a lovely lady.\" I narrowed my eyes and listened to what Francis had to say. \"I had never come across a cat like her. She sandy fur, blazing yellow eyes and she seemed more wild then the rest. Bluebeard had told me there not like us, they don't have the domestication that we have. I do not know her name, ore race. She would not tell me-\" \"I can find out.\" I said and then Pascal and Francis looked to me and I said \"I have seen this kind before, only once. My best friend Dream, she has become close friends with a male cat of that breed. His name being Chrochoch.\" Pascal narrowed his eyes and then Francis looked to Pascal and said \"Alright, well also do you have record on any brother or sister in the district that for some reason just vanished?\" \"Of course.\" Pascal said and then Francis added \"Let's take a look at the list. And then we can see if we can find out if any of them disappeared without a reasonable explanation. And I wonder why the murderer is suddenly leaving victims lying around instead of taking them to Jesaja?\" \"It shows that the murderer is beginning to make mistakes-\" Pascal started but I spoke up and said \"No… what if, the murderer is too old or maybe sick to carry them to the secret tunnels? Like we said these murders started many years ago. You have to include time into this. Or…maybe he is sending a message to someone.\" \"That's what I was thinking.\" Francis said and then added \"He wants us to know he's got power of life and death!\" I thought for a moment, it seemed likely. Looking at how much he has killed. \"It's hard to interpret his message to be exact.\" Pascal said and then Francis hesitated for a moment and then said \"What if he wants one brother or sister to realize the message he is sending them? To understand what his mission is.\" \"Seems all likely. He wants his motives to be known.\" I said giving my paw a lick. All this information was coming together, yet there was a few pieces we were missing to finish this puzzle. \"He's as complicated as a crossword puzzle.\" Pascal said going along with my thoughts. He suddenly corrected himself and said \"No, he is the puzzle, and he wants us, to solve it.\" Francis nodded and then I stretched and said \"Alright, I'm going to go find Dream and learn about these different cats around the district.\"[Chapter 15] \"Dream!\" Dream where are you?\" I called as I wadded through the snow. It was getting darker and colder by each passing moment. I went to her den, the one in the tree. She wasn't there. Nor was any sign of her recently being there. Maybe, she's with Chrochoch. Inside a warm house. \"Hey! Novalee!\" I looked around and on the opposite side of the garden; I saw the red and black tom, Roulette. I waved my tail in hello and called \"Hey! Have you seen Dream?\" He shook his head no and said \"I'm looking for her as well. I saw her yesterday, with that strange cat that lives a few houses down but I haven't seen her sense.\" \"I need to find her, it's important.\" I said noticing it had stopped snowing. Roulette stretched and then said \"I saw her yesterday or so, she said she was going to head over to your house and then meet up with me later. When the snow came in, I took shelter in my den and then came here hoping to find Dream, but instead it looks like I found you.\" I looked around the snow covered houses and then said \"Then, let's check my house.\" Roulette nodded and then leaped up onto the wall behind me. Together, we walked across the top of the wall. Everything was covered in a thick blanket of snow. A few paw prints here and there showed where other cats had been. I huffed and said \"It will be a new year before long.\" \"Yah, I wonder if the club will be doing anything for it.\" Roulette commented and I echoed \"Club? You mean, the Claudandus Sect?\" \"Yes. That.\" Roulette said and I stopped and turned around to face him. He stared back at me, looking confused. \"You can help me then! How long have you been with the sect and what do you know about it?\" I asked and he backed up a step startled by my sudden demands in questions. \"Not long, there are many of us though. Almost all the district. It's a group that believes in Claudandus will come down and end our suffering. I really don't know what to think of it, I'm in it to meet new females, get to know others. Two of my kids are in the group as well.\" I wondered for a moment, if I should tell Roulette about who Claudandus really was, and what really happened to him. But he said 'I really don't know what to think of it' means he believes in something. I really didn't want to make him lose faith in something. \"Hey Novalee!\" I glanced down and saw Bluebeard quickly making his way through the snow. He leaped up to the wall and said \"I went back to Joker's place. He's gone. Skedaddled!\" I narrowed my eyes and said \"Gone? I doubt he's out on a stole on a night like this.\" \"Really? Then what are you doing here with this prissy boy out during the night?\" Bluebeard said and Roulette scowled before he said \"Looking for a friend, and none of your damn business.\" I rolled my eyes and said \"Yah, were looking for Dream. A fiery orange she-cat. She's had friendships with one of those different breeds of cats.\" Bluebeard hummed for a moment and then said \"Alright, I'm going to come with you for now. Since Francis would want both the information of Joker and the other smartass with him.\" I rolled my eyes and then continued heading down the wall. Soon, before I knew it I was back at my old house. Inside through the windows was dark as night, and not a thing could be seen. Few memories of the inside came back to me, and then a pang of sadness overcame me as I remembered Grace. I took a sigh and then leaped down into the snow below but as I landed, I landed on a mound of something and tripped forward. I fell into the snow face first and then sat up. Shaking the snow off my pelt I heard Roulette call \"You alright Novalee?\" I looked up and nodded. Bluebeard suddenly made something close to a hissing noise as he looked down next to me, I glanced over and saw have covered in the snow, was Dream. \"Dream!\" Roulette called out surprised and leaped down. In a matter of seconds he was shoving snow off her pelt and carefully brushing it out from her face. To my horror, her eyes where wide open and I backed up several paces. Her neck was slashed open, just like all the others. \"No…\" Roulette said softly, burring his face into her long cold fur. Bluebeard leaped down next to me and said \"I'm sorry for your friend…\" I said nothing back to him. Dream had been the eight victim discovered, not counting the temple of the dead. But…why? A bell jingled off in the distance and the toms and I looked up to see a male cat walking on the walls dividing the district. He seemed to be in a hurry, and as he drew closer I recognized the sandy colored pelt, black muzzle, and yellow eyes. It was Chrochoch. He was panting, so he must have been running a lot. He stopped a few feet away from us, unsure why we were looking at him. But his gaze drifted over to me and he said \"Your Novalee, correct? Dream has told me much about you.\" I narrowed my eyes and said \"Yes, I'm Novalee. And I heard Dream talk about you, Chrochoch. What are you doing out so late?\" He narrowed his eyes in return and carefully washed one paw, drawing it over his ear and then said \"I was late on meeting Dream, we were going to meet at her tree. I got caught up on something and now I am late.\" \"You're more than late!\" Roulette said with half a snarl and said \"She's been murdered!\" He then stepped aside revealing Dream's body. Chrochoch let out a gasp and in an instant leaped down from the wall and bounded over to her. He shoved Bluebeard and Roulette aside and looked down at her, his eyes full of sadness, and…something else. He sighed, and closed his eyes. After a moment of silence he stood up and said \"What number is she? I know there has been murders going around in the area…what is she?\" \"Something in the hundreds…\" I said softly and then Chrochoch was quiet for a moment and then said \"I should have told her to stay away, but she was so nice.\" I titled my head, Chrochoch… did he know she was going to die? \"What are you talking about?\" Roulette asked getting closer to Chrochoch. He looked up, and at me. He then said \"It's all part of the plan, to go back. He didn't want us getting close, to change the course of my breed.\" \"What is your breed?\" I asked narrowing my eyes and he said \"Were a new breed, but old. That is all I can say. I am sorry…\" Before anything else could be done, Chrochoch gave a huge leap and vanished over the wall. Roulette hissed and yelled \"Get back here!\" And then leaped onto the wall, and then down it again. But I knew, Chrochoch would be long gone in a matter of minutes. \"Let's head back and tell Francis and Pascal about this.\" Bluebeard said calmly and then I sighed and said \"Alright…\" Bluebeard leaped up onto the wall and I looked back to Dream once more, and into her blue eyes like mine. I turned around and then followed Bluebeard back to Pascal's home. … \"And then he vanished over the wall.\" I said as I retold what happened with Dream. Francis gave me a sadden look and then Pascal said \"A tragedy, I am sorry for your loss Novalee.\" I sighed and then said \"Let's… just get back to the case...\" I said trying to keep my sadness, and anger down. \"Yah, and about Joker, he's split. I didn't find him anywhere.\" Bluebeard said and then Pascal commented \"Perhaps you would like to eat something? My owner, Ziebold has prepared some freshly cooked liver in my dish.\" Bluebeard eyes widen and he smiled and licked his lips. \"Get back to the point.\" Francis said irritated and Bluebeard huffed and then continued saying \"I looked in the house Joker lives in and it's a mess. But still I went through it bottom to the top, but I found no sign of him.\" \"Joker's been murdered then.\" I said and then Pascal corrected me and said \"No, he figured we were close to catching him and he fled.\" The way Pascal said that, it sounded as if we had already decided Joker on being the murderer. But… \"I don't think so.\" I said before anyone else spoke up. I then added \"I can't believe that the killer like that would just run away-\" \"Now hold on!\" Pascal said interrupting me and then continued saying \"Tomorrow we will go back and go through the computer and try to identify any possible survivors to Professor Preterius experiments…\" \"How about, also… tomorrow, we go out, and try to gather as many as brother and sisters as possible so we can have a meeting. We should let them know what we know. To let them know the truth behind Claudandus.\" I said and then Francis said \"I agree with Novalee. Maybe there can even be a few clues on what the others may know…\"[Chapter 16] A room filled with cats, many, many cats was where I stood. Pascal sat on a pile of boxes while Francis perched up on top of the generator the Claudandus Sect used not too long ago to jump into the roaring sparks. I sat on the window seal, while Bluebeard sat at the base of the generator. Around us, sat many brothers and sisters of the district. Even Kong and the Herman twins where in the room, sitting back on a box in the far corner of the room. The room was crammed together, a little more cats showed up than the last time at the Claudandus meeting I last saw. Even, hidden in the shadowed corner of the room was Roulette. But I also noticed, hidden in the doorway, carefully peaking around the edge was Chrochoch. \"My friends,\" Pascal began and then said \"I want to thank you for responding so quickly to our invitation.\" \"You better be sure this is worth our while, because if it's not, then you and Cutie pie there are going to pay for making me miss my TV shows!\" Kong yelled out and the room filled with laughter. \"You idiot!\" I yelled back at him and he flinched back a bit and then I added \"If you would stop cracking jokes we could get down to business and get closer to the person who murdered your beloved Solitaire! Or do you not care what happened to her and you were just pretending you loved?\" Kong seemed taken back and then he growled and said \"Don't worry, I'll catch up with that-\" \"No you won't!\" I yelled back and then added \"Do you think this phyco killer is going to come back to you, and drop down on their knees and beg for your forgiveness for killing Solitaire?\" \"All right puff ball, I was only joking anyway.\" Kong said and then I growled and said \"Enough jokes. My best friend was murdered last night and I plant to catch the killer.\" The room became quiet and then I looked out the window, indicating I was done speaking. I could see in the reflection of the glass, which Francis was giving me a worried look, and then he turned to the group. \"Francis, Novalee and I have analyzed computer data, and we can say with certainty that the murderer is responsible for not only eight deaths, but 450 brothers and sisters.\" Pascal said and the room lit up with wails and cries of shock. \"These murders,\" Pascal started but the voices off the cats where to high and he had to repeat himself in a louder voice. \"These murders are most probably connected with the events that occurred in the laboratory of the criminal Preterius some time ago.\" He paused to catch his breath and I noticed he used criminal instead of professor, almost like he had a grudge against the man himself. \"Some experiments some of you were subjected too, but may not remember.\" Pascal added and the room became loud once again. I looked them over, some had disfigurements, scars, and strange patters of body markings that proved this theory. Bluebeard for example. \"Quiet!\" Kong yelled and then added \"Has it never occurred to you why some of us craw or hobble around the district half wrecked? So shut up and be quiet! Maybe they can present us with the murderer.\" \"No Kong, I'm sorry but I can't go that far yet.\" Francis said. He then added \"Maybe though I can reveal some truth. I know a good many of you my friends, look to the Prophet Claudandus. Who died on the table of Professor Preterius. Where he suffered tortures we can hardly imagine-\" \"He isn't dead!\" A tiny voice spoke up from somewhere in the crowd. Cats moved away to form a circle where a small sister stood. Her soft pelt and green eyes reminded me of Felicity, but her eyes were not glassy and hollow like Felicity's was. \"What makes you think that?\" I called to her and she called back \"Great Grandfather told me so.\" I was silent for a moment and then asked \"And who is your Great Grandfather, friend?\" \"Father Joker.\" I gave off a small gasp and then Francis said \"tell us what you know.\" \"He told me that Claudandus challenged the monster to a fight in the end and killed him.\" The room fell silent. All eyes went back from the small sister to Francis, Pascal and I. Francis finally took a breath and then said \"Listen my friends, the only one who knows what Claudandus looks like and could leads us to him would be Joker. But Joker is dea-\" \"No, he's just took the name of the prophet on himself. Claudandus is dead, no one could survive those horrible tortures. Joker lives however, and has fled. Thanks to brother Francis, and sister Novalee. His sinister plans have been foiled.\" There they go again, making it seem like Joker had been the killer all along. But through it all, I wondered of that was really true. Something just doesn't seem right… As the meeting broke up, I leaped down and landed next to Bluebeard and said \"I want you to take me back to Joker's place.\" Bluebeard seemed surprised by my demand and then Francis came up beside me and said \"Same with me.\" Bluebeard sighed and said \"I'm getting too old for this… alright. Let's go.\" … Outside was dark, no snow was falling but clouds were gathering over in the distance. I was tired, and wanted to do nothing more than to sleep and eat, but I needed to find something, that something was the missing piece to a small part of the puzzle. What had happened to Father Joker? \"Look, I told you guys, I searched Joker's place bottom to top and didn't find a damn thing!\" Bluebeard said as we slipped passed a metal gate and into the lawn of Joker's house. Francis huffed and said \"And that's the point. You were always looking up! You couldn't see on top of a shelf.\" \"Smartass…\" Bluebeard murmured as Francis moved up to a cat door. But as I drew closer to it, I saw it was boarded up. I pawed at it and said \"Well, looks like we got to take the hard way up.\" And with that, Francis and Bluebeard looked up to an old tree that stretched up to the top of the house. \"You know, you both should be careful.\" Bluebeard said and I added \"I will. I have climbed lots of trees before.\" Bluebeard shook his head and said \"No, I mean the killer will be kind of pissed you're getting in his business.\" Francis padded up to the tree and then said \"Yah… and Pascal too.\" Bluebeard seemed to hesitate and then he said \"Ah, don't worry about him. He ain't got much longer to live anyway.\" I looked to Bluebeard thinking he was talking about age but Bluebeard added \"He's got stomach cancer. Not got much longer to live. Been the talk of the district for a while before you both showed up.\" He…was dying? Those where my thoughts as I climbed up the tree. My claws scrabbled against the bark, and Francis climbed a few feet above me. It was hard, but after a hard struggle, we reached the top branches and jumped to the roof of Joker's house. The top was covered with snow and I looked forward and saw a skylight. Not one that opened up like Felicity's though. Carefully and slowly I moved over there, Francis did the same and he rubbed his paw on the window several times wiping away the frost. I did the same and then at the same time we looked forward and inside the building. Francis had been right. There was Joker; he was laying in between pottery and statues. His neck was slashed and his blood dripped down and behind other works of pottery. This killing was different. Joker haden't even struggled. Why? What was so important that he give up his own life? Claudandus! Claudandus must be alive...[Chapter 17] After discovering Joker's body, I was too tired to continue and the three of us, dragged our cold pelts back to Francis house. Bluebeard collapsed onto a soft cushion and fell asleep almost at once. For once, I envied him right at that moment. I settled down on the couch and to my surprise, Francis leaped up and settled down next to me, our pelts brushing up against each other. I stared at him as he washed his front paws for a moment, and then I laid my head down and closed my eyes. Darkness of sleep overcame me, and I slipped off into a dream. When I opened my eyes, I was in a place, nowhere that could be identified. Only a void of clouds and mist. Shadowed mist would come by as well, giving the place a deep feeling to it. This was different from my other dreams. It was calmer, yet it still had that need of great importance in it. \"Ah, Novalee…\" A gentle voice spoke out and a shape appeared through the mist. Then two sparkling objects appeared and turned out to be eyes. At first, they appeared to be the yellow eyes from all my dreams, but when the figure drew closer, I found that they were kinder and that they belonged to a cat. The cat had long perfect white fur that hurt to look at directly, like the sun. His eyes where glowing jewels, and his was larger than me, looked more powerful and strong, yet he seemed to be filled with kindness and nothing else. I recognized him, even if this was a dream, and he was just my imagination, he was Frith. The cat from the story I had learned long ago. \"You're Frith, the cat who died to save everything.\" I said and he nodded and said \"Yes, I am. And I am so much more than that now. I am the message from everything to you.\" \"What?\" I asked curious and then he gave me such a sorrow filled look and then spoke. \"This world is Corrupted, Novalee. Life is full of Hate, Loss, Misery, Agony, Sorrow, Mistrust, Lies, Evil, Stupidity, Greed, Envy, Lust, Sloth, Gluttony, Wrath, Pride, Darkness, Death, Torment, Poison, Venom, Disasters, Illness, and Backstabbing. All imperfections of life… And yet, in the hearts of Felidae everywhere… we always seem to find some sort of light to guide our way… just like you can…\" His words seemed to say exactly what they meant. I gave him a nod and said \"I know… but how can I? I may be next on the killers list! Or Francis! They already took my best friend away!\" \"Because you must put the puzzle together. The killer is the puzzle and he wants you to solve it.\" Frith said and then I titled my head and said \"How? Each day it seems everything becomes more complicated!\" \"Complicated because you're overlooking it.\" Frith said and then added \"Think back to what you know about it all, where it started and where it might have ended.\" It became quiet and then Frith leaned forward and whispered softly \"Learn from Mankind's mistakes, follow the plan of Claudandus, and choose what is best for us, the Felidae...\" I looked to him and then he turned and started to walk off, fading into the mist. As he started to disappear he called back to me and said \"And be careful Novalee! Or the world shall cry for you as well…\" All at once I opened my eyes and I was back in Francis's house. Beside me Francis slept away, Bluebeard doing the same. I lifted my head up and thought back to the dream. \"Learn from mankind's mistakes; follow the plan of Claudandus…\" I repeated to myself. Plan of Claudandus… What was it Chrochoch had said? He didn't want them getting too close, they were going back and he didn't want to change the course of his breed. Of course! That was it! I leaped down from the couch understanding it, putting it together. My dreams, they had all be clues. The first was about Claudandus. How he was tested on, put in cages. And those sad eyes I saw in the beginning belonged to him. The second nightmare, those where the new-old Felidae, the ones like Chrochoch. I looked up to the book case in the living room and saw a section of encyclopedias. Taking a daring leap, I snagged my paw on one book and it came crashing down. The noise startled Francis and he woke up looking around. I looked to him, and said \"Go bad to sleep, I just accidently knocked this book down. Trying to entertain myself and all…\" I said with a smile. He didn't think much of it, just closed his eyes and laid his head back down. Once I was sure he had fallen asleep again, I pushed open the cover and flipped through the pages. There, under G it listed genetics. Discovered by G.J. Mendel using Pea Plants. Like in my second dream where they grew all over the book cases. We were being bread back into our past. The cats murdered did not possess the qualities the killer needed to continue this breeding program. He had disposed of them so they wouldn't ruin the whole thing. And the sect was getting ready for such the occasion. To welcome the new-old Felidae life. Jesaja, tricked into helping cover up the murders. Felicity, Dream and all the others were sacrifices to the crazy plan. Why? Why is this all happening? Felidae would become wild, dangerous. One that could stand up to human beings and take them down, take over the earth and rule the planet, back to the dawn of time when our species came. Like Frith, sacrifices would be made to continue this plan. It was revenge; it was the plan of an insane, mad man! It was the dream of Claudandus. Claudandus was, and is very much alive. I know this now; it's all revenge for his suffering. Taking shelter under one of the humans that caused him this pain. He's been hiding, acting, oh what a gifted actor he had been, taking us along for the ride, pretending, no… he was helping us solve it all. I know the plan, I know the motive, I know why. And I know who the true killer is… I know who Claudandus is. And I was going to stop him tonight.[Chapter 18] I wadded through the snow as it came down hard. It made everything hard to see, but I knew where I was going and in a matter of minutes, I arrived at my destination. Had I told my friends? No… I dare not put them in danger that I'm about to head into. I care about them too much, and… I pray to god I am wrong… I slipped inside, and looked around. The house was dark, the owner, probably gone on a Christmas party. Ironic, Christmas Eve. Taking a deep breath I climbed up the spiral staircase, and moved swiftly into another room. In a large dark room, the soft light of the computer glowed and I bounded over to it. Taking one leap, I landed on the glass table in front of the monitor. What had Pascal said? It was password protected… but, what was the password? Taking a guess by chance, I typed the word slow and careful, and it worked! The golden words of Felidae appeared on screen and the program came up. The password would be something he would never forget, to remind him every day why he does what he does. The password was Preterius. I scrolled through the program, looking for any black boxes. I then, noticed at the bottom was a tiny black cross. Moving the mouse carefully I clicked it and the screen changed to a list of only the dead ones. I clicked a little memo button near the first name. It came up explaining why that cat had been killed. I went back, and looked through the names. My heart raced when I scrolled to the names with D. And there, Dream. Slowly I clicked it and the memo box showed up. 448, Dream December 23 Dream, she had gotten too close to Chrochoch. They disappeared inside to where I could not see them. I feared that they might have mated. It was an unneeded sacrifice, if they were just friends. But, she was also a distraction, to one of my possible successors. She had to go. Successors… Francis… and me. I growled at this. All these murders, all these dead brother and sisters. Sascha, Deep Purple, Felicity, Solitaire …Dream… all of them died for an unworthy cause! To hell with this! They didn't deserve to die! All they wanted to do was to have a family, to mate, to love. But it was snatched away from them along with their lives! I looked back to the screen, a total of 448 were dead. No order we had comes so close to the estimate of 450… Suddenly, all the anger died away into sadness. I had been played; he had wanted me to follow him onto this path of destruction. Revenge, the best thing I can do now for these forsaken souls, is to delete this unholy program! And with that, I began to moves swiftly, typing in commands, highlighting, selecting, clicking and gathering everything together, and at the side of the screen was an icon of a trashcan. This evil would be stopped. \"Have you solved the puzzle now, Novalee?\" I spun around and saw Pascal walk into the room, his yellow eyes seemed calm, but I could see the tension was growing. \"Yes, Claudandus. There a few pieces still missing from your puzzle but I'm sure you're going to tell me.\" I said and narrowed my eyes. Pascal chuckled and then said \"I always thought Francis would be the one to get it first. But, then again, I knew you were smarter, you knew more. Ever since the word Felidae escaped your breath.\" I stared at him, and he sighed and then continued. \"I'll tell you a story about men.\" Pascal started, his eyes slowly narrowing, and his voice took a dark tone to it. \"A true story about men and animals.\" He added walking closer. \"Yes, I'm Claudandus.\" He said and nodded. He then continued by saying \"You're right, I was in the laboratory. I did survive Preterius unspeakable tortures. And when he eventually went mad, I spoke to him.\" \"You spoke to a man!\" I yelled in shock. Communication between species was a taboo for any animal. Not only was it dangerous but hard to accomplish. Animal tones and voices do not match that of others. \"Fascinating isn't it? He let me out of my cage. Without hesitating I buried my fangs in his throat.\" He growled, clawing up the floor to make his point. \"Then later Ziebold took me in. Through him I started learning Mendel's theory of genetics. It occurred to me that I could turn the cycle of history back to an earlier time of glory for our kind. My only ally was Joker. He spread the word that a new age was dawning while I handled the scientific aspects of the project.\" He came even closer, and I placed my paw on the mouse. \"I started with a single pair. But soon the program broaden out. I was forced to kill Novalee, I had no choice. To preserve the racial purity that the new Felidae required.\" He paused and took a deep breath and sighed. His voice became quieter and then he said \"I don't have long. And that was my reason for involving you and Francis. One of you, no… You will become my successor. The leader of the wonderful, mighty, Felidae!\" I growled and then said \"And Joker? Why did you go and kill him?\" \"He would have told you everything.\" He said softly and then added \"So there was no choice. And he agreed.\" He said looking into my eyes. \"I now know it all. But I wish I didn't.\" I said with a sigh and then added \"It's all horrid.\" \"Oh my, Novalee…\" He started sitting down and looking to me. I turned away from him and back to the computer, trying to block him out of my mind. \"You go through your ordinary little day, and fall asleep to dream your ordinary dreams.\" He started and I slowly turned back to face him. \"But then, I brought Nightmare's to your mind. Is this true?\" He asked with a sort of a smug grin. He then sighed and his gaze became cold. \"The world is Hell Novalee! And the crowning glory of hatefulness in this world is man.\" He then gave off a small chuckle and said \"And the joke my friend, is that now we are no different from him.\" \"You're no different!\" I yelled back at him. I then added \"You think like him, you act like him. So tell me Claudandus, what is the role for lesser animals in your world?\" \"None at all. There're stupid, there're victims to their fate.\" He said softly as he came closer, now just a few feet away from the desk. My fur bristled up and I yelled \"What about the good men? Pascal, Prophet, Felidae, Claudandus or whoever you are!\" \"NO! No! There are no good men! There all bad! There all the same! Animals are good creatures. Men are evil animals…\" He huffed, taking in breaths to calm himself. I took in deep breaths, feeling my hate skyrocket. I then yelled \"That's not true! Grace was good! She loved me, she cared for me! She was my friend!\" \"Lies! She took you in because she felt sorry for your pitiful existence out on the streets!\" He yelled back and I felt my eyes welling up with tears of hatred and sadness. \"I'll fight you with everything I got! I'll tell the world who you are! I'll stop this unholy plan of yours form going any farther! I'll start by destroying this evil program!\" I then spun back around and quickly typed in commands. \"You can't begin to imagine how deeply I regret this Novalee.\" He said with little regret in his voice but I did not turn to face him. I kept typing away and then a box appeared on screen asking me if I wish to delete everything. I pressed my paw down on the enter key and then I heard a screech of defiance and I spun around just in time to see him leap at me, claws out and aimed for my neck.[Chapter 19] I yowled in shock and threw myself back, crashing to the floor. Pascal smashed into the computer. The impact slid the monitor over to the edge and it toppled over onto the floor. Hitting the ground, the screen burst open sending sparks flying out. The sparks touched the velvet currents and they went up in flames. I stared at them in shock, but I had no time to fess over the growing flames as Pascal leaped down from the desk and landed right in front of me. I hissed and arched my back but he leaped at me, sending blows towards my ears and eyes. I lashed out blindly doing the same thing. He pushed up with his hind paws and I fell back, and we became a ball of snarling teeth, claws and fur. Behind us the fire raged on, roaring as it started to reach the large bookshelf. I tried to climb up, to get up over each other clawing and scratching everything. Fire crackled overhead and we leaped back. Pascal growled and arched his back as blood leaked down his ears. I hissed and arched my back as well, a large gash on my shoulder leaked blood to the floor. Suddenly he leaped forward and I dashed forward as well. But I misjudged the leap and speed and he landed on my shoulders. I rolled to the ground with him on me and then he bit down on my neck. I screeched and pushed him away. There was a ripping and snapping sound and I felt sharp pain. Kicking him off with my back feet I sat up and felt a small wound on my neck, but below my paws was my collar. It had blocked his attack, and saved my life. Once again separated he leaped and I this time rolled to the side and slashed his flank. He yowled and then we leaped at each other, meeting in the air. Room was becoming bright, hot. The air was becoming thick and smoke made my eyes water. The fire was now consuming everything it touched, and it lapped at our pelts, wanting to leap onto them and burn them away. \"Why?\" I screamed as I leaped back almost losing my footing and stumbling into a small patch of flames next to me. I then called \"Why do this? What's the point? You lost your program, your dying; your home is on fire! Why continue to fight when we can run away from this and save our skins?\" Pascal's eyes reflected the fire and I no longer saw the cat who offered me a warm place to sleep after the death of my friend. I saw a madman, I saw someone lost in anger, sadness and rage. I saw Claudandus. \"It doesn't matter anymore. Everything is lost. You destroyed everything I worked for and now…\" He said giving off a hiss of rage. I took a gasp of breath as the fire started to suck up the air in the room. I wouldn't last much longer. And…neither will he. We circled each other, eyes glared on each other's necks. I huffed, feeling tired. He was taking deep breaths as well and then suddenly he leaped. One leap I never expected he would make. Claws out, jaws parted and no regret for this. Before I could make a move, he landed on me. His claws pieced into my chest, his jaws biting into my neck. Giving off a cry of pain, I used my back paws and with whatever strength I had left, I flung him off. He flew back and went past a wall of fire, and disappeared behind the flames. I gagged as blood filled my mouth and pained went through my body. Screeching filled my ears and I stood up, slightly shaking with effort but I looked passed the flames and saw Pascal trapped in the center. He was too tired to make the jump, he huffed and panted. His eyes looked over to me, pleading for me to help him. But what, they asked for escape from the fire, and for me to continue what he worked so hard for. \"Burn in hell.\" I hissed darkly and turned away from him. It hurt, just to say that to him. Tears flooded my eyes from the smoke and from the pain in my heart. I leaned down, and picked up my ripped collar, holding it in my jaw. Looking back to the flames I heard a cry of agony and I turned swiftly, and ran down the hall. Flames burned by my paws. Smoke darkened the ways and I raced down the stairs, tripping over the steps and tumbling down. I hit the floor down and let out a wail. Looking back up, I saw my blood on the steps and I looked down at my pelt. My fur was matted in clumps, blood had turned my white fur crimson and I ached everywhere. I stood up, and staggered blindly through the hallway. Fire roared around me and a part of the ceiling crashed down in front of me on fire. I spun around and dashed away. Looking around I ran into the kitchen and looked for a way to escape. My paws hurt, my energy was disappearing and I took a breath and looked to a window. Behind me the fire roared and made its way to the doorway and now I was trapped. I bit down on the collar and then looked to the window. Rushing forward I leaped and crashed through the glass. On the other side was a long drop and I landed hard in a pile of snow and ice. Fire lapped out of the window and I looked up, barley able to make out what was happening. Carefully and slowly I walked across the snow, half sinking deeper in and nearly tripping over my own paws. Taking a daring and stupid leap, I landed on the top of the wall and crashed into the ground below. I dragged myself through the snow and then a voice said \"Everything is safe now.\" \"Wha?\" I called out blindly as I walked forward. Nearly collapsing into the snow. The voice then spoke out again and said \"You saved human kind, and millions of Felidae everywhere.\" I recognized the voice now. But it drove me into a mess of thoughts. \"Frith?\" I called out softly as I made my way over to the next wall. \"Yes it is me…\" His voice rung out and I looked around for him but did not see him anywhere. \"It's all over now.\" He said softly and then added \"You did well. Your heart found what was right, the right thing to do.\" \"I don't feel like it.\" I said as I found a break in the wall, I moved through the opening and into the next snowy garden. Aware my blood dripping the ground below. \"But, in such a way, you and I are not so different anymore.\" He said softly as I gasped for breath. I stopped in the snow, to rest a moment and then he said \"Yes, we both sacrificed something important for others.\" I sat down in the snow, and then asked \"What do you mean?\" I asked, but it only came out in a whisper as I laid down, to rest. His voice same out in a whisper as well and said \"The world will cry for you and I forever. They may not know why, but they will…oh yes…the world shall cry for you forever.\" And then I felt his warmth against my pelt, the pain starting to numb away. My wounds began to feel cold as ice, and I looked up into the sky. Snow began to fall down onto me. And as I closed my eyes slowly, Frith's voice echoed in my ears. \"The world shall cry for you, Novalee…\"[Chapter 20] Francis and Bluebeard sat side by side, eyes wide as they reflected the dying flames. The air filled with smoke as the fire burned away what was left of the building, which was nothing more than a charred square in the ground, with only a few support beams still standing. Francis had awaked, to find Novalee gone and the book on the floor open to Genetics. Then and there, it all fit into place. He feared the worse, which Novalee figured it out herself, and had gone to confront Pascal… Claudandus. He had arrived fast as he could, but to his horror he found the house in flames. Whatever had been inside, living or not, was gone. \"You think she was in there?\" Bluebeard finally asked and Francis didn't respond at first. He continued to watch the dying flames and then said \"I honestly don't know. If she was, I only hope she escaped.\" And with that, Francis's eyes drifted away from the flames and down to his paws. But then, he noticed down by the edge of the wall, were a few paw prints, and traces of blood. He turned around and looked in the garden he had raced across and saw more paw prints leading away from the house. He must have been in such a hurry to not have noticed them. He leaped down into the snow and looked them over. They were cat prints. He lowered his head, watching the paw prints go forward. But with the falling snow, he was sure they would soon vanish. He heard Bluebeard leap down the wall, and hurry over to his side. Then, the two tom cats side by side followed the trail. Not sure of what they would find. But each had a guess or two. \"You think these are Novalee's tracks?\" Bluebeard asked as he leaped up onto the next wall. Francis paused at the bottom and said \"That or they belong to the killer. But I know one thing. There is only one set of tracks. Which means only one survived that fiery hell back there.\" Just as Francis was about to leap, he noticed, by a snow mound, splattered in blood, there were a few strands of fur. White and black. \"Novalee…\" He said under his breath and leaped up onto the wall. He looked over into the next garden but like he had guessed, the snow was making the tracks fade before his eyes. Bluebeard heaved a sigh and said \"Well, there goes a clue to who survived the fire.\" \"It was Novalee.\" Francis said allowed ad then added \"She must have escaped before the fire burned down the house.\" \"Ah, and then our good friend Pascal?\" Bluebeard asked in a slightly sarcastic tone and Francis looked back to the smoke heading into the sky and answered \"Dead. His body burned into ash. Novalee was wounded, and by all the blood I guess a fight had occurred. And I bet, it was a fight to stop his plan. And this, he lost. Someway, somehow… And Novalee escaped…\" Bluebeard sniffed the air and then said \"I can't catch whiff of her, not with the fire and smoke back there, and all this snow coming down.\" Francis looked around and then, by a black gate, he was blood stained on the side. \"Over there!\" He yelled and leaped down into the snow. He hurried through it, having trouble making his way through the thick snow. Bluebeard leaped down, and followed Francis through the pathway he made, making it easier for him to get through. Francis reached the gate and gave a sniff to the blood, to find it frozen but still fresh. He looked forward and slipped past the bars and came into another garden. He recognized this one. The garden Kong and he had chased Jesaja in. He knew because there was the over turned tube in the corner, and the pipe that lead into the Catacombs. He sniffed the air, and then looked around. A large imprint in the snow was what caught his eye first. He moved closer to it, and found a large pool of blood. Bluebeard came over and made a grumbling sound mixed with a growl and asked \"And what do you make of this smartass?\" \"She was wounded and couldn't go any farther is my guess, but… I don't know where she is. She might have…\" He trailed off, not really knowing where she would go. He hadn't known her for a long time, but he had become close friends with her. More than Bluebeard, more than Pascal had been, and different from Felicity. He sat down, looking up to the sky. The snow fell down softly, covering his pelt with little puffs and groups of it. One landed on his ear, and he flicked it off. Bluebeard sniffed and said \"It's getting late. We can search for her in the morning. Besides, I'm freezing my whiskers off!\" He then started to shiver and Francis gave him a half-hearted annoyed look. Just then, something glimmered in the snow and he turned back to it. He stood up, and padded over to something golden half buried in the snow. He pawed at it, and brushed the snow away until the object lay at his paws. It was Novalee's collar. Her golden heart charm glowing brightly, even in the dim light. On the side of it though, it was stained with blood. Hers maybe, or maybe it was that of Claudandus. He could never be sure. But this just proves that Novalee had made it out of the house. But now, there was one last question that ate him up inside. Where was Novalee? … \"Oh dear…poor thing.\" A voice said softly as a cat hidden in the dark shadows of the tunnels searched for something. His weary yellow eyes shimmered in the darkness as he stopped and nipped a few flowers off the main plant. He then turned back and carried them through the tunnels, until he reached a large room, a shrine in the center, and hundreds of dead brothers and sisters around. He leaped onto the shrine and then off again and came to a new, almost empty spot he had prepared for the newest soul he had to guard. One that came from the land of day, and had been his friend. He laid the body out, the once blood drenched fur cleaned and glowing white again, yet even though it looked like the cat was sleeping, but the body was cold to the touch, and would never again take the breath of life. He took note that her collar was missing, but he didn't know any way to fix that. Instead he began, and slowly weaved the beautiful white flowers with black centers into her fur. Once he was finished, he pushed the body up, and now it blended in with all the others of the Temple of the Dead. The cat sighed and said \"I believe this is a message from you great Prophet. This is the last one I will receive, to guard forever down here. And I will, as the Guardian of the Dead should. But I ask you…\" He paused, as he struggled inside to get the question out of his mouth. \"But I ask you… why did the last one have to be her, why the dear sister Novalee?\" He perked his ears, hoping to hear the divine voice of the prophet. But nothing came, just a few snowflakes that drifted in through the hole at the top that let light in. And that same light shined down and reflected of Novalee's soft white fur that still had snow caught in it. Making it sparkle even more. Claudandus was dead, mankind is safe. Although the memory of Claudandus would not be forgotten, for the Sect still believed in his divine tale, and would continue to for generations to come. The New-Olds where now no longer apart of any program, and where free to mate as they wish, just as the other Brother and Sisters of the district. And the deaths of those who died for the unholy cause would not be forgotten. Sascha, Deep Purple, Felicity, Dream, and… Novalee. They would all be remembered for a long time. And yet, let this be a lesson, that life has a path, a plan. One that the stars and heaven above have seen and laid out for you. Whether you're a human, living your ordinary life, or a cat, holding in secrets of darkness and desire, everyone and everything can learn to live with one another. Life will grow, it will continue, it will always be there. Everyone just needs to search for it, to find it, to be it, to live it. Just like those can, of the Felidae… ","Summary":" \"Welcome to our new home Novalee!\" my owner Grace said as she opened the cat carrier. In an insta"}]