[{"Movie":"Conan the Barbarian Destroyer","Title":"Conan the Barbarian","Author":"AufDieFlosseGenosse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13023945","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Conan made a fighting lions in the jungle. \"Is goodly to be a barbarian!\" say Conan. Suddenly, Romans! \"This place is belong to us now!\" say Caesar. The Romans drove Conan over with bulldozers. They bulldozed all the trees and the barbarian jungle turned to Italy. ","Summary":" Conan made a fighting lions in the jungle. \"Is goodly to be a barbarian!\" say Conan. Suddenly, Ro"},{"Movie":"Conan the Barbarian Destroyer","Title":"Latent","Author":"LauRa-ReaDinG-XoX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9280912","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Conan the Barbarian, 2011 AN: I watched the 2011 one before the original and gosh i think it overweights the original, so yeah i love the remake of it and wish to god they could do another because i love Jason Momoa along with Rachel Nickols- Tamara. So this is a little one-shot about the two of them, what happens after Conan leaves her? Purely writing for fun, like all my others :^:^:^:^:^:^: Latent She could feel the strong muscles of the horse beneath her as she rode faster to the city of Messantia, the rush of air that escaped her lungs at the site of the buildings made hope rise within her. Tamara wished that she didn't have to come here looking for help, the only help that she trusted to get back what was taken and this city was the only place she knew where he visited frequently enough. As she got herself unpacked in the city walls, she had got herself a room and decided pay daily for the rent as she didn't have the slightest idea when he would turn up. It turned out that her wait was going to be longer as hours turned in days, the set of worry had implanted in her stomach as the week was coming to an end. She had to have faith in both sense as her mind swirled with various situations that could be happening while she sat waiting in a crowed traven. She was about to give in for the night, keeping the cloak wrapped around her as she made her way to the doors. It was the loud booming voice that caught her attention, it was familiar. She took a wide search, looking for anything that sparked a hint when a familiar dark skinned face sat on one of the benches with a whore. Without taking much more of the environment, she made her way straight to him. \"Artus.\" The men in question looked up at the sound of his name, a smile coming to his looks as he saw the young woman. \"Tamara! Sit, sit!\" She shook her head wanting to get straight to the point. \"Do you know where Conan is?\" The question seem to sober the man, pushing the woman from his lap. \"Aye, his back at the ship.\" The rush of relief flowed through her body at finally finding him. \"I'll take you to him.\" She followed Artus to the harbour, her mind running with questions that asked her why she had come to Conan? Would he dare help as there would be no benefit for him? Would he remember her? The last one slightly hurt as she hadn't forgotten about him, she was reminded of him every day. As she followed Artus on the ship, nothing had changed as it looked the same as it had so many years ago, the memories of the adventure made her smile as the fight on the ship that night had built their bond stronger to the point that she had given herself to Conan. They walked around to the back of the ship; there was no way of missing him even with his back turned to her. \"Conan there is someone to see you?\" \"Send them away, i do not wish to see anyone.\" His deep voice sent a shiver through her as she cast a glance at Artus taking the situation in her own hands. \"What about someone for old time sake?\" Her voice reached across to him, making the man stop his movement with the stiffening of his shoulder blades. He turned to face her and those eyes stared straight back at her- the years had been good to him, his body still holding its fine shape. Without answering her, he started for the below the ship and Tamara took off after him following his every step. \"What's the problem?\" She was slightly offended that it was his first conclusion of her. \"Why do you that?\" He looked her up and down before speaking. \"Trouble always follows you.\" He sat down bringing his sword to his hands and started to sharpen it, the action completely ignoring her. \"Alright, i'm of need of your help.\" She would let her pride aside if it meant getting her closer to the one thing taken from her. \"And what is this quest that you would have me do?\" he spat the words at her like they were venom. She would have turned her back by now but she knew he was willing to help or she wouldn't be standing in front of him now. \"Others do not know your here?\" He nodded to her unusual clothing- the dark cloak that hid her features from preying eyes. \"Someone took something from me, i want it back.\" The words sounded wrong coming from her mouth and Tamara knew she was losing his interest. \"A slave lord- Aldrich Carter.\" The muscles in his arms came to a halt at the familiar name. He couldn't stand people like Carter and if this gave him a chance to get rid of the man from his high perch than it would be worth the travel. \"You have my attention.\" \"We leave as soon as possible.\" She had waited long enough for him; she couldn't allow another day to pass that could mean being one step closer. Her only answer was Conan moving from his place standing directly in front of her, he merely stared at her. The stare itself made her heart freeze before it went into over drive- could he sense there was more? \"I'll speak to Artus.\" He started for the door before turning around at the last second. \"Stay below the ship.\" He continued his way, she was tempted to make a rude comment but let it die in her throat. The silence of the cabin gave her time to take in her surroundings; it was the same cabin they had shared together the night of the raid though it had been refurnished it didn't stop the past flickering across her vision as if it was yesterday. Everything seemed so easy back then, she had someone after her for a matter of weeks but she only had to worry about her own life, there was no one depending on her while now there was. Conan soon entered with ease, a plater of furit in one hand as he made his way towards her taking aseat on one of the many cushions in the cabin. \"Eat; we travel by ship tonight, tomorrow by horse.\" She nodded her head trying to count the amount of time it would take to find Carter and get back what belonged to her. She placed a grape in her mouth, the sweetness of it reminding her that she had been neglecting her meals as of lately. \"You are bigger.\" The bluntness of his words made her eyes snapped up to his darker ones and her lips in a firm line at the words, if it was any other man she would have slapped him. \"Bigger?\" \"Your body has filled out.\" He took an apple from the plate not having a care in the world. As she sat there, she could probably get what the man was talking about as she wasn't the same woman she had been when he lifted her at the gates. Her frame had become 'filled out' as he put it, the years of being a woman making her small hips and burst widen to perform its duties. \"And you haven't changed.\" She casted another glance at him under her eye lashes- he looked just as tempting as he did some years back. Her reply was a shrug of his shoulder as he took another bite of the apple. She didn't know what else to say, there was only so much that you could do in Conan's presence- he was the silent, observing type. \"I'm going to turn in for the night.\" :^:^:^:^:^:^: They followed the trail of destruction through the land, each on their own horses while Artus and his crew stayed at harbour with the local traven. She wasn't sure what to make of the tense shoulder of Conan, his manner shifting at the sight of the burnt huts. She knew it had an unpleasant effect on her, her stomach crunching and threatening to become sick as the smell of burning flesh reached her nose, those who refused to be owned by Carter were sentenced to death. They had been riding for a few hours when Conan started to slow down, bringing his horse to a stop at the edge of the hill. One glance from him and she copied his movements, leaving her horse to creep up the dry hill. Her breath got caught in her throat at the sight before her, she should have been excepting it but the hope that flickered within her seem to know they were in the impossible against an army that great. She glanced at Conan hoping that his train of thought wasn't as negative as her own. There was only a hint of Conan's eye brow rising before he started back down the hill towards their horses. Panic run through her as she quickly followed after him. \"Conan!? Conan, what are doing?\" He didnt turn around until she grabbed his arm as he saddled the horse. \"You promised.\" \"I did no such thing.\" He started to turn his horse around. She knew it was a death wish to go against the army that Carter had-there was a reason no one had defeated him. \"He-e...He has my son.\" The words were a yell, almost a plead from her mouth. Conan heard the tone turning his horse back around to see Tamara. As he stared at her, it reminded him of the childhood of his own without his mother, the way things could have been. A loud sign left Conan as he unsaddled his horse again going to stand right in front of her, he couldn't help but take the woman in. The flare of her hips and chest would explain the birth; it answered most of his questions while the rest could stay unanswered for the moment until they get the boy back. \"His name?\" \"Theodoric.\" It was the first time in weeks she had spoken his name, the sound of it making her ache to hold her son again. \"Please C-\" \"We wait until nightfall.\" At seeing her ready to argue, he continued. \"It will be easier to escape.\" He started walking back up the hill, he turn his head over his shoulder. \"Wait here.\" She sat by the horses as Conan laid on his stomach on the hill watching the army, her better guess was he was scouting the area and determining which way was the best to get in and out. She was nudged by the horses nuzzle and she turned her attention to the animal, she would rather be up there helping - she wasn't the same woman she was when they first met, she could stand her ground if need be. Once again she cursed her family bloodline, if she wasn't the last one then they wouldn't be in this situation as they would be back at the city doing their studies or fishing in the ocean blue waters. Life would be simple, but then again she wasn't sure if her life would ever be simple as she watched the man lying on the hillside. Conan had only made things complicated as she got to three months due, it was six years later and the man still haunted her. With the sun setting she made her way towards him, knees and arms crawling in the sand to not be seen. Once she reached him, he simply stared at her before turning his attention back to the sight before them, the army had started to light fires before darkness descended on them. \"It's time.\" She could hear her beating heart in her ears reminding her of the last time she was with Conan and the sense of danger was around but this time it wasn't for her safety that she was worried about- Theodoric. She hugged her body to the wall with Conan in front of her; they quietly made their way into camp avoiding the gathered area and lit touches. He seem to have some idea which direction to go meaning Conan had seen more than she excepted whilst on his watch, she just hoped to god they hadn't waited too long- time was a dear thing. They had passed a few tents when Conan stepped into one, trustfully she followed him in and couldn't help the explosion of relief that filled her body at the sight of her son tied to the post. Quickly she walked over to him, untying his hands and inspection of his body for injury- there was a few here and there but nothing serious as she dreaded. \"Mother, I'm fine.\" She would usually frown upon the tone of his Theodoric voice but she only smiled. \"Did they hurt you?\" He shook his head not answering her verbally as his eyes had set on Conan behind them, his arms still held his mother but Tamara could feel the questions that were surrounding him- he was a curious one, one of the reasons he was in the situation- if the boy had only listened and not walked away with curiosity string in him. \"Who is that mother?\" She pulled back letting Theodoric go, standing them both up as she knew it was silly to start introductions at such a time. \"Later, need to leave.\" Conan's voice made Theodoric straighten his back as if he was seizing the older man up- the scene would have seemed comical to Tamara if it wasn't the fact they looked to similar. \"Come.\" Conan didn't wait for further reply and walked out the tent, Tamara pushed Theodoric in front of her and followed Conan's actions. \"The workings of a mothers mind.\" The voice made a shiver run through her as they had only gotten half way through the camp- they were almost there when Aldrich stepped past from one of the tents with a handful of guards. \"A mother's weakness, but I didn't except the man.\" Aldrich did what Theodoric had done moments ago, the differences been that Aldrich was a large threat. \"You made a big mistake taking my son.\" Tamara pulled out her own sword in warning. \"A mother wraith is always a dangerous one.\" She moved forward to Conan keeping Theodoric behind them as Conan armed himself, she twirled the sword with her wrist getting ready to use it if need be. \"Who is the man, you look...familiar.\" Aldrich hadn't taken her serious and that frustrated Tamara to no end, the built up anger for taking her son was waiting for a chance to explode. \"Conan.\" He wasn't much of a talker but his name was simple enough and his stance told the rest of his character. Aldrich nodded his head, \"Ahh...you two have history, the mask of Acheron. I've heard the stories but it seems you share something else, or should I say some one .\" Tamara had to stop herself from looking back either of the men near her. \"Father like son.\" Out the corner of Tamara eye she saw Theodoric take a step forward towards Conan, obliviously wanting to see for himself- curiously arising again. \"Theodoric.\" The warning in her voice kept her son from getting closer. \"Why should he listen to you? A woman who's been keeping a secret? Every boy wants to know his father.\" Tamara's jaw tensed- Aldrich was using the new information to his advantage and of course he was right. She had had many talks with Theodoric about his father, the begging to know his name and where he lived but she only ever gave him bits and pieces of information knowing that Theodoric would ride out without thinking of his actions- she was going to wait for him to get the age of a man hood. \"I would suggest you keep your mouth shut before I cut out your tongue.\" The response came from Conan as he took a step towards Aldrich and his men. Without another warning he leapt forward and put his sword through the man closest- five to go. Tamara was tempted to help but thought better to stay to protect Theodoric when one of the man came her way as the rest were upon Conan. She tested the weight of the sword in her hand before taking a swing; she hit the blade sliding it away from Theodoric and herself. She knew that no matter what fight she would have the strength against any of the men but enough to keep her alive if she was fast with her foot work and if that meant keeping Theodoric safe than yes, she would do it until her last breath. She managed to get a few hits at him drawing a small moment of blood as well as her own; it wasn't until he muscles were screaming at her that she decided she needed to find a quick ending. Wishing to the gods that Theodoric stayed out of the way, she ducked one of his swings and faced his back, she kicked in the joint of the knee at the back bring him to his knees to her height before using the last of her strength to swing the blade at his neck, the thud seem to echo in her ears as it hit the ground. Playing no attention to the body beside her, her eyes flickered for Theodoric; the boy was against one of the side tents, his eyes trained on the body at Tamara's feet. She instantly wanted to reach for him but she turned her attention to Conan, his sword was pointed at Aldrich's throat. Conan looked over his shoulder and with a simple nod of her head, he cut his head off and walked around one of the tents to come across the cage he had seen earlier and cut the gate free to the slaves- they would take care of the other men and give them time to escape. Wiping the blood from her hands Tamara stepped towards Theodoric slowly not wanting to scare her son, to her relief he didn't seem frightened of her as he leaped into her arms. Keeping him close, pressing against her chest she found Conan's side and they quickly made their way from the camp- the shouts of men sounded around them and tents caught fire. \"Hurry.\" She quickened her pace to match Conan's as they made their way rapidly back behind the hill to where the horses were staying. Conan saddled his horse watching as Theodoric was placed on Tamara's before she saddled behind their son, he didn't use any words but simply started retracing their steps back to Artus and his ship. You +1'd this publicly. Undo It had taken them a day longer to return with Theodoric, the need to stop and rest longer. Once they did reach the ship, like planned Artus was waiting for them at the shore. He didn't make any comment about Theodoric; there was only the simple action of his black eyebrows rising at them. Conan had gone straight back to the end of the ship, the place Artus had taken her to see him on her first time here- instead Tamara led Theodoric down into the ship with her to get him freshen up and fed. \"Is it true?\" Theodoric voice came out quieter than usual as he asked his mother the question. Tamara knew the questions were coming and was surprised that her son had waited as long as he had; she guessed it may have been having Conan around them as he was unsure of how to act around the man. \"He is your father.\" She brushed the wet cloth over his dirty face as he scrunched up his nose. \"Does he not want to be?\" \"Why don't you talk to him? Get to know him.\" Tamara couldn't answer Theodoric's question, Conan worked in many ways and not once had they ever came across the topic of children- she never thought the reason to bring it up so many years ago. She helped him change into a clean shirt but he left his old pants as there were any small enough to fit his small waist, she handed him a bowl of grapes to eat and patted him towards the door in encouragement. \"Don't forget to eat.\" From the change, she had noticed the skin on his bones and it worried her- children at a young age were vulnerable to death and she didn't want to think too much on that topic. Getting up, she followed her sons footsteps out onto the deck and watched with interest at seeing Conan and Theodoric interact- she couldn't hear a word they were saying but she could read their body language and each looked as nerves as the other with Theodoric's small form sitting on a crate beside Conan. \"They'll be fine.\" Her eyes flashed up to Artus, if anyone knew about Conan it was him. \"Never thought I would see the day, but it will be good for him.\" He nodded his head in the direction of the boys and she caught sight of Theodoric smiling as Conan spoke. The man seemed towering and threatening to Theodoric, but this man, his father hadn't raised his voice once and his muscles started to relax as he listened to him talk about the ship. Theodoric wanted to learnt it, steer it if given a chance- the curiosity to see everything. \"How long can you keep an egg in your mouth without breaking it?\" Conan's question seemed strange to him, his mother had never mentioned a game like that and the knowing nothing about it simply caught his interest. ","Summary":" Conan the Barbarian, 2011 AN: I watched the 2011 one before the original and gosh i think it overwe"},{"Movie":"Conan the Barbarian Destroyer","Title":"Conan Fails Again","Author":"Darkspawndweller04","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12496244","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Conan the barbarian was not happy to find himself in modern times. It seemed that stealing from people and taking whatever you wanted with a sword only got you a jail cell. He had only just finished his last sentence for demanding that rotisserie server serve him a chicken, eat it with him and then sleep with him. He also got angry because he didn't understand why they didn't serve beer. When he was released they said he had learning difficulties which caused anger issues and he was given a quiet easy job in a public library. It was already not going well. He had already been told off for coming to work in a Scottish kilt suit instead of a trouser one (he liked it all to hang loose and a kilt suit was the smartest thing he could find that wasn't a woman's skirt. ) he had been put on the desk stamping books and giving out flyers for events there. Can I get this book out please?\" Asked a girl in a pink sweater who looked like a Kardashian. \"No, dis is de wrong desk laydee! Go over there!\" He whispered so loud that it echoed off the walls. The girl jumped in fright. \" There's nobody there sir. You do it.\" \"That isn't my job.!\" He said. \"But you're a librarian.\" She said cleverly. Conan picked up the stamp and slammed it down on the book in front of him. \"NO! I am not\" the girl looked scared and backed away towards the door. Conan smiled and sat back down. \"Can you please help me find some books?\" Asked a geeky black kid with huge spectacles. Conan panicked as he had been told he was just supposed to sit and the desk and not do anything. But the librarian was on an errand and he didn't know when she would be back. The kid pushed a list across the desk to him. Conan could barely read it (they had taught him some written English in prison but he wasn't very good at it. \"Um... okay...\" he said and led him over to the wrong bookcase. He climbed up the forbidden ladder (he was not supposed to do this as he never wore pants and so everyone could see up his kilt.) \"Here you go!\" He yelled and dropped a random book on top of the kid. The kid cried out as he went down under a pile of the things. \"I'll get you the others\" said Conan and he climbed onto the bookcase and walked along to the next and the next then grabbed another book which he also threw down at the guy. \"Look out. Bleargh!\" And he lept down onto the floor. His muscular weight cracked the floor boards and he pulled his leg out of the hole. \"Urgh!\" He said. He grabbed the kid by the scruff and pulled his up as books fell from him. \"Der you go. Now go and do the learning.\" The kid looked stunned through cracked spectacles and watched him return to his desk. On his way there, he spotted a flash of silver as an old woman was opening her letter. \"NO KNIVES IN THE LIBRARY!\" He yelled and football tackled her off her chair. She screamed as her hairnet flew across the room and Conan grabbed the letter opener and raised it in the air. \"Dis is mine now! Don't do that again!\" He yelled and left her on the floor as he went back to his desk. He sat stamping more books when he heard a cell phone ring. He let out a warrior roar, dropping the stamp as he beat his chest, then picked it back up and slammed it into the book in anger. He looked down and saw that he had picked up the letter opener by mistake and stabbed the book with it so it was pinned to the desk. He ignored it and marched over to the group of college students. \"Give me de noise box!\" He yelled. They laughed at him and carried on sending messages. The cell phones beeped again. \"Do it! Do it now!\" They ignored him. He grunted and picked up one guy and threw him across the room into a bookcase. \"Laydee, give it to me!\" She slid it across the table in fear. He crushed it with a fist and walked away. Conan was about to get even angrier. He found two bums rolling joints in a corner. \"What are you doing? You want to relax, do some exercise!\" He swiped the marajuana away from them and threw them onto the floor. \"Get down! And do some pushups! Exercise is good! \" He slapped there shoulders. Which was too hard and they grunted. \"Does it hurt? Good! No pain, no strong relaxed men! :Look at me I exercise all the time! I'm calmer than you!\" He yelled red in the face. He watched them struggle to do press ups. This wasn't going to happen for several reasons: 1. They were weak from constant drug use. 2. They were hobos and had not eaten for weeks so where weak. 3. They were constipated and if you have ever noticed when you don't eat much you can't poop because there needs to be a constant stream of food to push it all through and when there isn't the poop just sits there going hard. 4. They were stoned. In the end Conan hit them both across the face to motivate them and the shock caused their constipation to change to diarrhea and it sprayed out of their asses onto the bookcase behind them along with drug juice that had been going rancid in their colons. \"WHAT IS IT WITH YOU PEOPLE! YOU MAKE THIS DIFFICULT FOR E! YOU ARE NOISY AND BREAK RULES! BLEARGH!\" He ripped a cookie from a kids hand who had been covertly tying to eat it behind a book. \"NO FOOD IN DE LIBRARY!\" \"WHAT IS GOING ON CONAN?\" Snapped a voice behind him. As he turned around to look at her he slipped and fell in the shit coating himself in it as the kilt slid up and he mooned at the librarian. \"IT WASN'T ME! THEY CAN'T KEEP TO DE RULES LAYDEE! \" The police came and dragged him away while he yelled \"I'LL BE BACK!\" He was charged with the following: 1. Vandalism of a library 2. Abusing many people 3. Exposing himself to kids 4. Exposing himself to the librarian 5. Stealing two cell phones a letter opener and a cookie. The end. ","Summary":" Conan the barbarian was not happy to find himself in modern times. It seemed that stealing from peo"},{"Movie":"Conan the Barbarian Destroyer","Title":"Conan vs Conan","Author":"Thundarr The Barbarian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8343371","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Conan vs Conan Starring: Arnold Schwarzenegger as Old Conan Al Leong as Subotai Jason Mamoa as Young Conan Two travelers are walking side by side down a mountain path. One is a large, muscular man. His mane of long dark hair cascades about his shoulders. He wears a simple fur loincloth of wolf skin, and a pair of wolf skin boots. On his head sits a studded leather headband, with a nose guard running down the bridge of his nose, between his gray eyes. On his hip rests a sheathed sword, with a magnificent ornate bronze hilt, hanging from the broad leather belt around his waist. On his other hip is a simple steel dagger. His skin, bronzed by countless hours under the Hyborian sun, is criss-crossed with many scars, trophies of the numerous battles he has fought over the years. His name is Conan, a Cimmerian, a barbarian, and a thief. The man walking next to Conan is much smaller. He wears fur lined leathers, however unlike Conan's, his are less primitive in design. He has a scimitar sheathed on one hip, and a dagger sheathed on the other. There is also a dagger tucked into his left boot. Slung across his back is a composite bow and a quiver of arrows. He has long black hair, although his hairline has receded to the point where the entire top of his head is completely bald. His mustache and goatee are thin and pointed, in a style popular in the far east. His eyes are almond shaped, and a deep brown in colour. He is Subotai, of Hyrkania. A master thief, archer, and swordsman, and one of Conan's oldest friends. Conan had received a summons from the king of Aquilonia, requesting his aid. Along the way he was reunited with his old friend, who agreed to join him on his journey. The mountain path that the two companions are traveling down merges with another path, continuing on down the mountainside. There they meet another traveler, heading in the same direction. He is a large man, though a little smaller than Conan. He is very well muscled, bigger than Subotai but leaner than Conan. His raven black hair is long and thick, falling halfway down his back. He wears a red kilt and a pair of leather sandals. His exposed flesh is criss-crossed with the scars of many battles. Belted to his hip is an impressive looking sword of fine quality. He is obviously a warrior of some experience, though at least twenty years Conan's junior. He eyes the two strangers warily, neither being aggressive nor defensive in his posture. Conan and Subotai eye him warily as well. Both have had meetings with strangers which have ended badly. \"Well met,\" says the younger warrior, \"Where are you two headed?\" \"To Aquilonia,\" says Conan, \"We have been summoned by the king.\" \"What a coincidence,\" says the newcomer, \"I too am answering a summons by the king of Aquilonia. Perhaps we could travel there together?\" \"Perhaps,\" agrees Conan, \"Tell me, stranger, what is your name?\" \"I am Conan, of Cimmeria,\" says the young warrior. \"Impossible,\" says Conan, \"What is your true name?\" \"That is my name,\" says the younger warrior, genuinely confused, \"Why? What is your name?\" \"I am Conan of Cimmeria,\" replies the older barbarian. The younger Conan draws his sword. \"You should choose your aliases more carefully, Old Man !\" he declares, \"There's only one Conan of Cimmeria, and he's me !\" Subotai reaches for the hilt of his scimitar, but the older Conan reaches out and places a hand on his friend's chest, stopping him from drawing the blade. Conan draws his own sword, an ancient Atlantean weapon much larger than what most men can wield. \"You shouldn't be so rash, Boy ,\" says the older Conan, \"There are better reasons to fight than a name.\" \"It's as good a reason as any other!\" says the younger warrior, and he begins circling the older Conan. The older barbarian circles his younger counterpart, his Atlantean sword held at the ready. Subotai steps back and watches as the two barbarians size each other up. The younger Conan charges forward and swings his sword down in a downward slash, aimed at the older barbarian's head. The older veteran parries the attack with ease, the steel blades clashing together with a loud 'clank', then counters with a horizontal slash aimed at the younger warrior's shoulder. The younger Conan parries the attack with his sword. This time, when the blades clash, the sound is more like that of shattering glass. The younger Conan looks at his sword in disbelief. Not once in over a thousand battles had his father's sword ever failed him. Today, against an old man calling himself 'Conan Of Cimmeria', it breaks like a child's toy. The blade is broken just above the hilt, hardly more than a dagger now. As the young man stares at his shattered weapon in disbelief, he feels the blade of the other Conan's Atlantean steel cut deep into his neck. The young upstart's head flies from his shoulders and bounces down the dirt path until it comes to a rest at Subotai's feet, looking up at the Hyrkanian with its face frozen in a look of shock and awe. The body stands there for an incomprehensible length of time, its muscles not yet registering that there's no head to give them commands. Seconds seem as minutes as blood sprays into the air like a macabre fountain. Finally, the arm falls limp to the bodies side and the broken hilt slips from its fingers. The knees buckle and the body collapses into the dirt, the blood being hungrily swallowed up by the dry earth. Subotai shakes his balding head and chuckles. \"The whelp was right about one thing,\" says the thief, \"There is only one Conan of Cimmeria.\" \"If the whelp were going to assume my identity,\" says Conan as he begins searching the body for valuables, \"he should have at least tried to dress like me. I would never walk around in a woman's dress.\" Conan tears a strip of cloth off of the young warrior's kilt and uses it to clean the blood off of his sword. He then takes the warrior's belt pouch and weighs it in his hand, estimating the value of its contents. \"Come, Subotai,\" he says, \"We still have much traveling to do. And once we find ourselves an inn, we shall have warm beds, good food and drink, and pleasurable company. Thanks to our young friend here.\" \"Speaking of pleasurable company,\" says Subotai, \"I hear that the king of Aquilonia's daughter is most attractive.\" \"All the more reason to make haste,\" laughs the barbarian. And the two of them continue down the road, leaving the pretender's corpse in the sun to rot. THE END Author's Note: Yes, I realize that Al Leong did not play Subotai in the 1982 Conan movie. However, I always felt that the role would have been better with an actual Asian actor in the role. And if they had ever done a third Conan movie with Arnold in the lead role, and brought back the character, but couldn't get the same actor for whatever reason, I think Al Leong would be perfect for the role. Contrary to the popular opinion of some folks on this site, there's only one actor who truly embodies the character of Conan . And that actor is Arnold Schwarzenegger ! Period! ","Summary":" Conan vs Conan Starring: Arnold Schwarzenegger as Old Conan Al Leong as Subotai Jason Mamoa as Youn"},{"Movie":"Take the Lead","Title":"An Understanding","Author":"WeAreTomorrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6623797","Passage":"[Chapter 1] An Understanding … we touch our foreheads, thank you, thank you… It's his voice. Smooth and dark, like chocolate dripping off his words, sweet but not overly, not enough to make them gag, not enough to make them suspicious. His speech is just a little bit broken and somehow that makes it easier for them to stop and consider the words. Because they are children who have only ever had broken toys, ugly truths and bitter choices. \"My name is, eh, Pierre Dulain .\" And just like that, they're listening. He doesn't understand that he has it easy, that a cold shoulder on the first day is nothing, not even close. That leaving him standing there, ignored and looking just the saddest bit lost, that it was them doing him a favor. There are reasons the teachers at this school dread detention. But Pierre comes from a world where there are certain rules. Where he comes from, dancing—ballroom dancing—is indeed like life. So, the man clasps his hands behind his back, squares his shoulders and they listen. He tells them that dancing is about elegance and beauty, about respect . Pierre doesn't understand, couldn't imagine, that if he were anyone else that day when he first danced with LaRhette, she would've been more likely to break his nose then let him touch her. There are reasons that Mr. Temple skips his shifts. LaRhette is the first. The rest follow her; if she can trust him, maybe they can too. The only one that resists is Rock and he was never really a part of them anyway. It's just that he fits in here better then anywhere else, like a puzzle piece that's the right color but whose edges keep catching. Pierre doesn't understand that this is an exclusive club; he doesn't understand that for some reason they've let him in. The one thing he does know though, is that he can give them a chance to make something of their shitty lives. He can give them elegance, beauty, but it's the respect that makes them come back for more, desperate for it. Respect and the feeling of squared shoulders and fingertips touching fingertips. He gives them this, a choice. An easy one. He teaches them to love without breaking. He teaches them romance in the inches between their heaving chests, dripping sweat. He teaches them truth in the twisting of footsteps and on balanced tip-toes, teetering and trusting and when they look at him, their eyes say thank you and that is more than he needs. Pierre gives them back all their wasted chances and they hold their heads high, like he taught them. Because when he tells them with his dark chocolate voice that they are more then just rejects, well, they can't help but wonder if maybe, just maybe, he's right . (He is.) ","Summary":" An Understanding … we touch our foreheads, thank you, thank you… It's his voice. Smooth and dark, l"},{"Movie":"Take the Lead","Title":"It's Still There","Author":"RandmWriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11750724","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pierre Dulaine is a clueless man. This is a fact set in stone, and anyone who has ever truly known him can attest to as much. It's alright though. There are worse flaws to be had, and it's actually borderline endearing. Nonetheless, the man really needed to know how to take a hint. He's not unobservant. Far from it rather. As a dance instructor, he has learned to see most everything: from the twitch of a muscle to the minute mistakes in a couple's positions. He sees things without trouble - but interpreting what he finds? That is another matter entirely. When he lays a hand on Tina's shoulder, he sees perfectly well that a... something flickers across her expression - but it takes Caitlin's very blunt \"She likes you\" for him to actually understand what it was. When Sasha jumps into his open arms after the stunning three-man-tango no one ever saw coming, he is aware of the whispered \"thank you's\" in his ear. He is, however, oblivious to the fact that by hugging him, Sasha had shown him more gratitude and affection than her parents had ever been subject to her whole life. When Kurd comes knocking at his door, he knows the young man is in distress. What he doesn't know is that the dreadlocked boy had confided to him what he has not told a soul. That Kurd - for some godforsaken reason - trusts Pierre more than any adult he's ever known. Trusts the dance teacher enough not to judge and simply be there to listen, unlike his absentee drunkard of an uncle. The foreign man's cluelessness was exasperating, endearing and just the tiniest bit frustrating for the people around him - but they are also grateful for it. Because if Pierre could take hints like any normal person, he would have left the detention class long ago. If he had known to interpret their manner at the beginning of their journey, he would have known that the 'rejects' of John Lake High had regarded him as nothing more than a pathetic wannabe fighting for a lost cause. At the start of it all, they had simple danced to appease him and to silence his horrible music. They had really, truly and sincerely not given a single damn about his ballroom dancing, and could not have cared less if he failed to show up the next day. But Pierre didn't know that. And he stayed. And they all thank the heavens that he did. This is another thing that he sees yet does not truly understand. He sees that the days following the competition, they all respond faster at his call of \"Positions!\". He sees something different in their eyes when they regard him, though he can't ever quite place it. He simply brushes it off as their joy and pride at what they have accomplished. Again, if he was just the slightest bit more perceptive, maybe he could have guessed at the unspoken yet unanimous decision of his students: that he was now seen as a father by eleven different children. None of them had seen it coming either - and yet if asked, they would all answer in the affirmative. It wasn't the result of just one of his actions though, but rather everything he had done once put into perspective. He had taught them willingly. He was bound by neither contract nor salary to them, and yet not once did he miss a lesson. Not even when their own teachers rarely made an appearance. He had not judged them either. He did not treat them as outcasts or rejects; did not look upon them as the black sheep of the institution. They had been treated with infinite patience and tolerance, and given the same respect as his advanced upper-class students. This change had been so unfamiliar that it had all but startled them. But they would agree that the most unsettling thing of all was the fact that he had believed in them. No one had ever seen their potential - never even tried to look - any yet this man had come out of nowhere with his slightly broken English and ideals on ballroom dancing, and believed . Believed so much that it scared them to the point that they wanted out. They had intended to simply wait it out. To wait until he realized they were of no value and gave up on them as everyone else did. He did no such thing; and so they took matters into their own hands and decided to give up on themselves. He did not allow them to do that either. They thought they had found their escape at the two-hundred dollar entrance fee, and so when he said that it was no matter - he would handle it, it had shook them to their core. Not only because he was willingly shelling out what was no small amount of money for them, but because they realized that no - there was no way in hell he was giving up on them. And their resolve had sprouted then and there: they would not let him down. They shone brighter than the heavens that night; when they had laid bare their very souls on the dance floor for all to see - heads held high and shoulders squared as he had taught them. And when the night had finally come to an end, they saw all he had done for them in its entirety. It was then they realized that in his own damnably quiet way, Pierre Dulaine had wormed his way into their hearts. He had grown far too close and far too important to them now. And so when he enters a room, they try to smile. When he starts to speak, they try to listen. When he thanks them, they try to say the words \"you're welcome\" instead of their usual \"uh huh\". And when they catch his eye, they try to communicate their gratitude and just the barest hints of their unadmitted affection. He doesn't really see. Or maybe he does. They don't know. Because when the class is comprised of undemonstrative students and a hopelessly clueless teacher, the message takes quite a long time - if it ever does - to get across. But that's alright. It's there nonetheless. ","Summary":" Pierre Dulaine is a clueless man. This is a fact set in stone, and anyone who has ever truly known "},{"Movie":"Take the Lead","Title":"Filial Loyalty","Author":"punnylove","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6908983","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Because every group that goes through life, love, and pain together is a family. ~ punnylove 1. LaRhettee Every group, (even this one), needs a mother, and when no one else volunteers, LaRhettee steps up. She helps Egypt with math, shoots hoops with Eddie, and sneaks in extra food whenever she can. When Ramos steals Sasha away for a dance and Danjou is left partner-less, she offers him her arm and forces him out of his funk and back on the dance floor. When Sasha needs another girl to talk to for love advice, LaRhettee, (who has dated and dumped both Ramos and Danjou), is willing to listen. And when she catches Big Girl with her finger down her throat in the bathroom, LaRhettee gives her some tips on eating healthy and threatens to call the principal if she catches the girl forcing herself to throw up again. Sometimes, laying home at night and trying not to hear the sound of her mother working just two rooms away, she thinks wonders if anyone else thinks that it's ironic that it's the girl with a prostitute for a mother who turns out to be the most nurturing. 2. Rock If LaRhettee is the mother of the group, then Rock supposes that he's the father. (They have been dating for six months straight.) His own father's worse than nonexistent, so Rock's forced to guess at what a real father acts like, and, most of the time, he's wondering whether he's doing stuff right. He threatens to punch in a druggie's face when he catches the punk trying to sell dope to Kurd, and when the white boy calls him out for being a dickhead, cuffs the younger boy over the head and says bluntly that he wasn't going to let anyone in his crew become a drug addict. He's the one who finally clears up the tension between Ramos, Sasha, and Danjou. It's actually really simple—he just shoves them all into a closet and locks the door. When the sounds of fighting stop, he gingerly unlocks the door, peeks in, and then walks away. The boys look like they're going to be busy for awhile anyway, and Sasha doesn't seem to mind. Sometimes, alone in the basketball court with nothing in the world but himself and the ball, he wonders if he's doing the things fathers should do, and, if so, why his own father couldn't do the same thing. 3. Egypt Egypt's the smart oldest sister of the group. It's no secret that Mr. Temple hates her because she publicly disses him in class and then forces him to give her perfect scores when she whips out a perfect test in less than half-an-hour. (He tries to accuse her of cheating, but then all her other teachers produce similarly perfect tests and he's forced to take back his accusation.) Egypt even isn't one of those \"all work and no life\" kind of girls—her brain just seems to retain things easier than other students. She's the responsible one of the group—making sure everyone turns in their homework because she \"ain't going to fake seven term papers in one night 'cause y'all couldn't move your lazy asses.\" The boys leave her alone because she's able to return anything they can throw at her and has been known to shut down an unwelcome suitor in less than thirty seconds. Sometimes, catching up on A.P. U.S. History, Egypt wonders why she bothers to study, and if all her work will ever get her out and away from her drug-addicted parents. But then she goes home, sees them passed out on the kitchen floor, and vows to herself that she will, because there's no way she's going to be as stupid as the people who raised her. 4. Eddie If Egypt's the smart oldest sister, Eddie's the street-smart older brother who always has presents for the rest of his family. It's a rare day when he doesn't bring in some piece of equipment, whether it's new wheels for Ramos' board, new sound equipment, or earrings for the girls. The presents are also why he's in detention so much—good as he is, statistically speaking, he has to get caught a couple times. Eddie's ambidextrous, (able to use both hands perfectly), which makes him a master thief. But he's also got an apprenticeship at the best mechanics store in Manhattan—or he will once he's old enough to apply. Egypt helps him study trig and precalculus, (he's surprisingly good once he realizes that they actually teach him concepts that he'll use in Engineering.), and kisses him when he scores a near perfect on the SAT math section. (he kisses her back, because smart-ass older sister or no, he's had a crush on her since forever.) Sometimes, watching his thirty-something older brother laze around the house and his mother's tired eyes, Eddie promises himself that he'll make something of himself. He's not going to be a burden on his family. 5. Monster and Big Girl They're probably the closest the group has to twins, and despite being unwilling to dance with each other, the cousins have each others' backs. Monster's usually a pretty big pushover, but if he catches anyone, (dude or chick), harassing Big Girl, they'll have hell to pay, 'cause Monster's not two-hundred plus pounds for nothing. And Big Girl will cut anyone who makes cracks about Monster's weight, 'cause she knows how it feels and it just ain't cool. When she stand up and tells Mr. Dulaine she's in for the competition, she does it with confidence because she knows Monster has her back. And when Monster needs advice about asking Caitlin out on an official date, Big Girl is the one to give him tips. Sometimes, watching their parents scream at each other—Big Girl's parents with words and Monster's parents with disdainful looks—the cousins wonder how on earth they managed to get so close, and vow to never follow their parents' example. 6. Danjou Danjou's the quiet, self-effacing middle child. Surprisingly polite and peaceful, he's often an oasis of calm in the constant action that characterizes their little family. Despite seemingly the closest one the group has to \"normal,\" Danjou is a mass of contradictions, at once self-conscious and confidant, passive and passionate, easily discouraged and determined. He's clumsy, yet when he gets into a dance he's as graceful as the next kid—sometimes more. Danjou's never really expected too much from himself or challenged anyone else, so it's a surprise to everyone when he starts to pursue Sasha, despite Ramos' obvious claim on the girl. Sometimes, late at night with Sasha on his left and Ramos on his right, he remembers his brother, who worked himself to death trying to get out of the slums and pushed everyone away—including his own family—to get his scholarship and his new life. And he swears never to be like him. 7. Ramos He's the loud, confidant, and brash younger brother—fire to Danjou's water and Sasha's sensual winds. Ramos fights for everything and anything that he desires, from clothes, to wheels, to girls. He's probably the most experienced fighter in the group, and yet he is drawn to battle because of the competition, not the bloodshed, and because of that he still retains the passionate joy of youth. Ramos lives on the edge, risking everything whenever it seems he's finally gotten something to hold on to, and for that reason Sasha cannot give herself fully to him. In the end, she needs Danjou's calm to balance out Ramos' flames, and yet Danjou's gentleness would bore her without the constant presence of Ramos' passion. Ramos isn't too upset about the situation. After all, he figures, what was this relationship but a huge battle? Sometimes, sweating after a particularly passionate tango with Sasha, Ramos goes home to his forever drunk uncle and wonders how such a talented man turned out to be such a passive loser? And he promises that he'll never follow in his uncle's footsteps. 8. Sasha Sasha's pretty, vivacious, and the talented middle girl of the family. She knows she's not as pretty as LaRhettee, as smart as Egypt, or as sweet as Caitlin, but she can dance like there's no tomorrow and she holds on to that skill with all the desperation of someone who feels that she won't be loved any other way. (It's part of the reason she deals with the love triangle for so long—it made her feel wanted.) Out of all the girls, Sasha's probably the one with the most social life, (LaRhettee's busy with babysitting, Egypt with studying, Caitlin with her mother), and the most sought-after. After showers, she looks at her body and wonders if the boys would still come around if she looked like Big Girl, and despite LaRhettee's firm, \"yes,\" Sasha still has doubts. So, she flirts, kissing Ramos but letting Danjou take her out for pizza, yelling at Ramos but leaving Danjou to dance with him anyway. The self-doubt would probably drive her mad, except that when she dances—she truly believes that she's beautiful and powerful and loved . Sometimes, when her parents' fighting gets especially bad and her father leaves ( again ), and forgets the child support, ( the rich bastard ), she promises herself she isn't ever going to marry a man who loves her when she's pretty and dumps her when she's had kids and no longer model-thin. 9. Kurd Despite all his efforts at seeming older, world-wise, and experienced, (especially with girls), Kurd's blatant sexuality reveals his youth rather than promote his mature front. He flirts outrageously—more often with girls who aren't interested—and hides the fact that he just wants to be admired like Ramos, respected like Rock, and liked like Eddie. When he's with a girl who looks at him that way, even for a couple moments, Kurd feels like he's flying, and not in a dope kinda way, which makes it so much harder to believe that out of all the girls, it's Big Girl who gives him a chance and sees past the outer shell and into the essence of who Kurd really is. But when he comes to terms with it, Kurd throws himself into the relationship head-first, and Big Girl is kinda tickled that, in reality, the boy's never even really had a girlfriend. Sometimes, when he listens to his older siblings disrespecting his parents, he practices smirking in the mirror and tells himself he's never going to be talked to that way. 10. Caitlin They let Caitlin into the group because she's different—an outcast reject, just like them, and by the end of the year she's like the tag-along, adopted, ('cause no matter how close they get, she ain't never gonna truly belong in the slums), baby sister. There's no way she can be seen as anyone but the youngest child, with her innocent naivety and persistent efforts to do everything the other kids do, and do them just as well. Caitlin doesn't let on, but she learns more from this family than her real one. LaRhettee teaches her sacrifice, Rock teaches her protection, Egypt, persistence; Eddie, dreams; Danjou, peace; Ramos, passion; Big Girl, loyalty; Sasha, power; Kurd, self-confidence. And when Monster smiles two feet down at her, she grins back up because the big, black boy in front of her taught her more about love than anyone who's blood-related to her. Sometimes, when she watches her parent's perfect, (but never real), laughter, their practiced wittiness, and their inability to deal with anything less-than-perfect, Caitlin looks at her friends from the \"bad side of Manhattan\" and wonders why they're so much more accepting of her, clumsy inability to dance and all. 11. Pierre Pierre Dulaine never realizes how lucky he is that they let him in to their tight-knit little world. (There were reasons that teachers hated detention duty, and more than one had gotten hurt after the family decided that they really didn't like him/her.) He doesn't know that he's the only one that's seen LaRhettee vulnerable, Rock struggling, Ramos hurt, and Kurd young. He doesn't understand that he's the only adult that Caitlin feels comfortable enough to give love advise to, and the first teacher that Big Girl's been able to believe in. But always, when he watches them dance, he feels part of something—something far more real and powerful and beautiful than the professional dancers at his studio—and thanks the day that brought him into contact with the \"lower part\" of Manhattan. ","Summary":" Because every group that goes through life, love, and pain together is a family. ~ punnylove 1. LaR"},{"Movie":"Take the Lead","Title":"Flip Side","Author":"Crimson Tiger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3703407","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ramos. Suave. nPassionate. Possessive. Whatever he wanted, he took. Whatever hentook, he kept. And Sasha was no exception. Everyone at the schoolnknew that it would only be some time after Sasha and Ramos leftnschool that they'd end up together. They'd live life as well asnthey could in the place called the Bronx: have three kids and have tonbury one before he graduated. But the only one whonrefused to accept that was D'anjou. Kind. Smart. Gentlemanly. nWhatever he did, he did it to get out of the Bronx. And to bringnSasha with him out of there. D'anjou was the flipnside of Ramos, his complete opposite. While Ramos' touch set hernon fire, D'anjou could calm her, even soothe her, when she was mostntroubled. Before Mr. Dulainenappeared with the crazy idea of teaching them how to dance, Ramos andnD'anjou would not even talk to each other. Gradually, they becamencourteous. Sasha talked to D'anjou about getting out and shenlistened to Ramos' raps. Then their cold courtesy changed into anninferno of emotions after Mr. Dulaine paired both of them with Sasha. Both of them loved her.n She knew it the instant that Ramos agreed to D'anjou's plan. Ifnit wasn't for her, the tormented, unloved girl, neither would carenfor the other. But she brought them together. It didn't matternthat they were as different as night and day. All that mattered wasnthat they loved her and she loved them both. ","Summary":" Ramos. Suave. nPassionate. Possessive. Whatever he wanted, he took. Whatever hentook, he kept. And "},{"Movie":"Take the Lead","Title":"Chica 3: Made to Dance","Author":"scribblemyname","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4909947","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This was so sweet, I just had to write it. I don't own anything. Made to Dance Caitlin smiled as her very large husband tried to teach their very tiny five-year-old daughter how to dance. He was leaning over, holding her hands, as she stumbled one way then the other in the living room. Finally, little Robin flopped down with a pout. \"I'm just not made to dance.\" Caitlin knelt next to her. \"Do you like to dance?\" Robin scrunched up her nose in evident distaste. Suddenly, Monster scooped her up and swung her around in his arms. Robin's delighted peals of laughter rang out as he danced with her in the air. \"Look, Mommy! I'm flying!\" Robin was now a slender, serious ten-year-old with creamy golden skin and shiny black hair. Her eyebrows furrowed in concentration as Caitlin went over the waltz with her over and over again. Finally, Robin sat down with a sigh. \"I'll never get this.\" Caitlin smiled. \"Do you like to dance?\" \"I'd like to fly,\" Robin answered wistfully. She set her face and got up to dance again. Monster held Caitlin close as they watched their daughter glide down the staircase into her cotillion. She joined her tall, handsome boyfriend in a waltz. Stately, smooth, perfect. \"I think she likes to dance,\" Monster whispered into Caitlin's ear. \"I never got to tell her the rest.\" Robin smiled up into the eyes of her date. Monster smiled down into Caitlin's. \"I think she knows.\" ","Summary":" This was so sweet, I just had to write it. I don't own anything. Made to Dance Caitlin smiled as he"},{"Movie":"Take the Lead","Title":"Chica 1: To Burn","Author":"scribblemyname","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4899350","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This fic came to me because I noticed Danjou dancing in Sasha's bedroom but Ramos with her in the school hallway. Made me think. Criticism welcome. To Burn He burned a flush into her face from the first moment he saw her, danced her, claimed her mouth with his. His hands ignited an inferno beneath her skin that did not fade. She became his. At four months, she didn't want to look anywhere else. At six months, she couldn't dare to. But as much as Ramos talked about getting to the bottom line, he respected her more than she did. He never came to her place, and if looks could kill, she'd be dead every time she asked about going to his. At eight months, she started flirting. Danjou would dance her in her room and take her on the bed. His kisses didn't light fires in her belly that would last for days or make her whole body ache with longing. But he could give her that. Kindling to Ramos' flame. Sometimes, she just really wanted to burn. ","Summary":" This fic came to me because I noticed Danjou dancing in Sasha's bedroom but Ramos with her in the s"},{"Movie":"Take the Lead","Title":"Keep On Dancing","Author":"Crimson Tiger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5260266","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Egypt knew she was different. Even ifnshe shared detention with the Dungeon Kids (and was one bynassociation), she had different dreams from them. She wanted to BEnsomeone, wanted to make a difference in the world that had forgottennher. While she still aced her classes, shenhad been dismissed from the inner world of higher colleges,nscholarships and knowledge, simply because she was late all the time.n But it couldn't be helped. If she didn't work and take hernbrother and sister to school, she wouldn't have her family. She'dnonly managed to keep them because she'd already turned 18 whenntheir mother left, so she claimed custody. At first, she never spoke to anyonenwhen she went down for detention. She did her homework and studiednwhile everyone ignored her. She was fine with that. She toldnherself that she didn't want to interact with them. And then Eddie had shown up, escortednby two of the school's hired muscle. He'd been sent intondetention for starting a fight that ended up repainting the cafeterianwith blood and mystery meat. Egypt had barely managed to stay away. nHe was strong, funny and the way that he quickly understoodneverything that was going on proved that he wasn't an imbecile. Henhad street smarts, and despite his knee-jerk reactions to situations,nknew when to keep quiet. To make matters worse, he'd beenndetermined to keep to his side, the gang that ended up causing anshooting near her brother's school. Marcus had died, while Egyptnmade the heart-wrenching decision to send Lizzie to her aunt's innNew Jersey, where she'd at least be safer. So, she spent her time in the Dungeon,ntorn between watching him and hating herself for her attraction. nShe'd noticed that Eddie also tossed her looks from his side of thenbasement before burying himself in the bets and games that went on. If it hadn't been for Pierre Dulaine,nshe more than likely wouldn't have acted and neither would have he.n But the pairing up of dance partners had given them the perfectnexcuse to interact. After her honors classes, he would be therenwaiting for her. Together, they'd go get lunch, laughing andnsmiling the entire time there. After the dance competition, things hadngotten even more serious. She'd finally managed to convince MissnJames that she was worth the school's only scholarship spot on thenAcademic Bowl and had helped them win. He had advanced into honorsnclasses too, trying to joke that he didn't want her to leave himnbehind. But she knew that he meant it. And now, both of them were heading tonthe same college, because they'd managed to get lucky and neithernwas willing to let go. And as Egypt held onto Eddie's hand as theyncounted out \"T-A-N-G-O\" for yet another competition, she smiled. nThey'd be dancing through life for a long time together. ","Summary":" Egypt knew she was different. Even ifnshe shared detention with the Dungeon Kids (and was one bynas"},{"Movie":"Take the Lead","Title":"Does Bella become a vampire?","Author":"Mrs Lautner Pattinson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5596991","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Does Bella become a vampire? No, in fact Bella argue with Edward because as you know Edward doesn't let so Bella breaks up with Edward and go and live with Jacob and live her rest of her life with him and have a baby. ","Summary":" Does Bella become a vampire? No, in fact Bella argue with Edward because as you know Edward doesn't"},{"Movie":"Take the Lead","Title":"I Follow in the Footsteps You Branded on My World","Author":"Nyte Quill","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10307811","Passage":"[Chapter 1] His wife had been beautiful, graceful in every movement… except dancing. She could shimmy and sway to a beat, but her feet stubbornly refused to slide and step as they should in a true dance. One of the few fights they had shared in their marriage was his occasional slip into Instructor mode, correcting and trying to teach and pushing when she tried to give up. That was when she pulled from his arms and spit out long strings of French invectives and called him Maestro in a taunting voice. Usually he would watch her retreating form and let his head tip backwards, regarding the heavens with closed eyes, as he prayed for patience and cursed himself for pushing her. Once or twice, he had snapped back that even the greatest teachers couldn't teach her, that her clumsiness and stupid feet were cursed, that she was hopeless and he was doomed to a rhythmless partner. But each night, he would slip into their bed, and curl himself around her form and hold her gently until the tears stopped and she smiled again and they moved in a rhythm all their own… which she never had a problem following. Now he has Tina, not that he really realizes how he does, but she is in his life, and he trusts her and leans on her and depends on her and always manages to miss the look in her eyes. He guides his students with ease, a soft command that makes you yearn to obey rather than struggle to break it. He knows what he's doing, except when it comes to the John Lake high detentioners… and Morgan. Even his former students who went professional never challenged him the way she does. In an odd way she has the spirit of his mother, the woman who had inspired him to dance. His mother Vienne had been a beautiful graceful woman (in a way WIFE had nearly been, to the point that having her in his life made sense, a natural extension of that feeling with which he'd grown up). French sensibilities aside, she had loved Pierre's father to distraction, and him equally, and she truly loved to dance. His earliest recollections had been her voice, and sunshine, and a feeling of being loved as she twirled with him in her arms. When he'd grown a bit, and could stand on his own, she'd put him through paces and started teaching him steps. Other children learn to crawl, then walk, then run; Pierre had learned to dance, then fly. His mother was passion and love and patience. She was luminous but calm, that bold fire within restrained and banked down in an acceptable form- until she danced. Then it was a miracle the floor didn't combust beneath her heels. And when Pierre displayed his own uniquely molten ability, that inborn grace and fire, what choice was there but to follow in the footsteps she branded on his world? Morgan was like that. She accepted instruction and correction, absorbing it and spinning it back out in a perfect adapted form. So textbook it rated10s on a judging form, but with added flair and personalized style. Some girls merely moved, others floated, and still others glowed- little bells of candlelight shimmering in a ballroom. Morgan? She smoldered, she flared, she sparked- and burned the world down around her. Competitions were obliterated, competitors eradicated, and anyone in authority patronizingly acknowledged (then disregarded.) Few could keep up with her, fewer still could match her, and no one could teach her- except him. For Morgan, it was only in Mr. Dulaine's arms that her world stilled. Everything constantly spun around her at a fixed point, a boring blur of school and social life and expectations and attempts at controlling her. She twirled and twisted and dominated on a dance floor to make the world spin back, to make it slow and bow to her control instead of merely falling at her feet. She'd been dancing since she could stand, music flowing in and around and through, a rhythm she could never deny. Instructors had taught her the basics and she'd run with them, outdistancing/outstripping their ability to shape her further; always several steps ahead and too mature for her age, she'd rolled her eyes and outdone them and showed what they wanted before they could ever get the words out to ask. Her parents had scoured studios and competitions for her to conquer, and after a while, she'd taken over selection herself, choosing who she felt like beating this time and hoping they'd at least put up a fight. When people told her she \"didn't meet standards or qualifications\" she'd proved them wrong and barreled in anyway, sauntering off with a trophy or ribbon or huge bouquet for the inconvenience. All that had changed when she'd found him. When she'd arrived at the modest townhouse style studio, she'd been intrigued, a whisper of a thrill sliding over her. When she'd entered the studio and approached the boards, her world had contracted, and she'd drawn a very deep breath. Then she'd heard that voice, and glanced over her shoulder and seen him- a photo come to life, a storybook hero made flesh. He'd stepped out of one of the numerous competition photos that peppered the walls and into her life, and dreams, and heart. A partner she'd had for 3 days had commented that all the shots on the wall must be a sign of ego, or some kind of complex, trying to intimidate to hide his obvious inadequacies. Her nostrils had flared and her blood had risen in a heated spike, and she'd allowed the appearance of an occasional false step to mask a few stomps on his toes and the introduction of her heel to his instep. When their dance was done, he'd limped to the sidelines and she'd whispered in his ear in a venomous tone that Pierre Dulaine was a dance god who could still easily do anything on those pages, and that they were put there to inspire his students to attempt those heights, not intimidate them with something he didn't think they could ever achieve. He'd left with his tail between his legs, and she'd wiped the floor with him and his new \"partner\" a few months later. She protected him, and flirted with him, and adored him and let him challenge her. She was already great; he made her better still. Her partners were supposed to be evenly matched, but she still led (sometimes not so subtly) those boys around the floor, only truly content when he held her. Her world drew tight as a follow spot, shutting out everything but them; it stopped, and shivered, and began to move again. Pierre tried to tell himself he didn't have favorites, but his actions sometimes belied that claim. He pulled her out more than any other girl to demonstrate a step, although he tried to be fair and never leave anyone out. He choreographed new moves for the class and used her to practice when she'd show up an hour before anyone else. He put together new and exciting steps just for her to try, because he didn't like the idea of her being bored and he loved the look on her face when she watched and attempted and nailed with flawless execution, then turned a radiant smile on him as thanks. From time to time he feels her eyes on him as she moves around the floor with a partner, and he's let himself get caught watching her as well, unable to tear his gaze away. He's lived in Europe and been in professional dance competitions where women dress like exotic flowers and birds and jewels, and he works in a city that pulses with color and beat and life. So it makes no sense that when he holds Morgan, his world get a little brighter, a little calmer (for all the blood racing in his veins and passion flying between them). It takes on that subtle jasmine scent she wears, and it lingers when she's gone, and he's stood in the center of a class, arms crossed as he watched, and caught a whiff of it on his shoulder as he turns to call an instruction, and can't help the smile it brings. It's Caitlin who plants the idea for her to dance, to show the detentioneers what dance can be, in his head. Sweet Caitlin, who wants so badly to dance and keeps trying to give up; Pierre doesn't let her, because he knows that once she lets go of trying to match the others, of trying to live up to her mother's crushing expectations, of trying to be something she can never really be, she will embrace the quiet subtle beauty of her own style, the simple gracefulness he's glimpsed in her and wants her to see for herself. He gives her confidence a quick boost, waits for her to smile, and steps away to present his request to Morgan. It takes a few hours of convincing, and for a moment Pierre worries that the look in her eyes, the slight disdain in her voice is some kind of haughty derision, like she's too good to help like this. She is flawless, and picks on her partners, and blasts the others out of the water, but he's never really thought she would be too queen-like, too Manhattan looking down on the Bronx, too above anyone to do a favor. He never thought she'd turn him down. It turns out, though, she's just annoyed that the kids don't realize the great favor they've been given, the wonderful opportunity before them, that they need convincing at all. \"It's great that you want to do this but if they aren't thrilled at the thought of spending hours learning anything from you, then screw 'em.\" He actually laughs aloud at that, earning a stunning look of delighted confusion from her, as though she thrilled she made him laugh and wants desperately to know how she managed it. He suggests a waltz- timeless, classic, beautiful- but Morgan persists that an Argentine tango –so dramatic and passionate – will be the thing to make them see. Her understanding that these are club kids, and mostly ghetto ones at that, and that a dance that evokes the outrageous sexual currents they already move to will speak to them more than a beautiful dance they might find boring, surprises him. He's known she was smart, and her knowledge of dance is astounding, but an understanding of the nuances in fellow humans – especially those so far removed from the ivory tower (at Central Park West) she resides in- sheds new light on facets of her he'd never seen before. Facets he can't help but find appealing. The base of the choreography is knocked out in a few hours, with them bouncing ideas off one another and enhancing the other's suggestions, but they still spend the next few days practicing after class until the music ends and they step apart panting, and Morgan smiles and announces, \"that was it.\" The performance in class goes perfectly, as he'd hoped, and just as quickly as she stalked in, Morgan has exited while he lines the kids up and prepares to finally really teach them. That night, when he arrives back at the studio, he's halfway up the stairs, floating on the memory of the kids' new enthusiasm, when he hears music drifting down the halls. Glancing at his watch, he knows it's too late for class to be going on, and Tina will have left by now- although she's usually better about securing everything before she goes. The only other person to have a key is Morgan, a special trust he granted her so she could practice as she needed, but he can't imagine why she'd be there now. Easing himself down the hall, he sees the door is open a crack, and a soft glow is emanating from the area of the dance floor. He hadn't registered the light when he'd ridden up, and a sense of unease fills him as he slips in the door. He's reaching for the phone on the front desk when he spots a flash of movement reflected in the window opposite him. Feet still silent on the ground, he walks a few steps forward and peers around the wall. Morgan is dancing alone on the floor, gliding barefoot between and around the dozen or so candles resting on small glass plates on the hardwood. The music is gypsy guitars and quiet piano and a woman's voice, and the look on Morgan's face is pure tortured ecstasy, as though her heart is breaking while she dances. Her hair is still up in its tight style from earlier, minus the roses, and a few tendrils have escaped to frame her expression, but it is her dress that catches his attention now. The tight black costume she'd donned in the schoolroom is gone, replaced by a one shoulder knee length gown that flits and shimmers and glows the color of rare wine in the candlelight, a perfect complement to her pale skin. Her movements fascinate him as he stands, still half behind the divider, torn between knowing he should alert her to his presence and being afraid she'll stop, that he'll lose this chance to watch her totally unguarded. She's alternating between a sensuous modernized waltz with a phantom partner and an emotional lyrical piece- dancing alone, reaching for someone, pulling in on herself, curling and twisting on the floor in a way he's never seen. The song begins to draw to a close, the woman half whispering her final words, and Morgan ends on the floor: knees tucked to the side, balancing on her hip and hand as the other reaches out to the darkness above the stereo, pulling back to her heart as her head drops, her bracing hand slides out, and she gently drops to lie there, breathing in the stillness. He swallows hard, almost overwhelmed by the emotions stirred by the number, and he feels a slight shame at the intrusion, feeling like he's been spying on something terrible private. Turning noiselessly on his heel, he has made a few inches progress toward the door when he hears a stifled sob behind him. His head whips back toward the sound and he's moving before he realizes it, his mind whirling at the thought of Morgan crying. He'd thought, when she was dancing, that there might have been a faint shimmer of tears in her eyes, but she was moving so smoothly and quickly that he'd put it down to a trick of the light. This, however, was undeniable, and the sight of her shoulders shaking as she lay on the dance floor causes his heart to stir, and break just a little. \"Morgan?\" The quiet worry in the accented tone makes her breath catch, even more than the startle his sudden presence brings. Footsteps send tiny vibrations through the floorboards as he approaches, but he stops just within the ring of candles, still a distance away. He's waiting, hesitating. She slowly sits up, brushing the tears from her cheeks with a soft sniffle, but doesn't turn to face him, instead wrapping her arms around herself and forcing herself to steadily breathe. She's not sure what she's expecting, but after a few interminable moments, she feels him close the distance between them, ease himself to the floor behind her, and a hand rests tentatively on her bare shoulder. Her eyes close at the contact, and her head tips to the side, wanting to graze her cheek against his knuckles, before she stops and straightens. His hand stays, though, and applies subtle pressure until she finally turns and looks at him. A faint ticking from the desk clock is the only sound as they merely regard one another, each waiting for the other to speak. But his hand is still on her shoulder, and she slips a few inches in his direction and lays her head on his collarbone. His arms rearrange to hold her, tenderly, and her outside arm reaches behind him to rest her hand across his shoulder blade, a mimic of a dance hold. His body is rocking gently, swaying her side to side as she relaxes in his hold, feeling his quiet humming against her chest. So, she says, pulling away a few inches, 'how'd it go today?' His exhalation is a short breathy laugh as his head shakes a moment, and he smiles when he looks back in her eyes. \"Perfect. Of course, I think most of the boys are more interested in dancing with you but still, it went well.' His smile broke into a full laugh when he caught her as if they could expression, eventually evaporating back into a happy silence. \"I wanted to thank you. I could not have pulled it off without your help.\" Something flickers in her eyes before she smiles again, and says \"Anytime\" with a nod. They're still so close, the remnants of his cologne blending with that intoxicating scent she always bears, and he's wondering what that was he glimpsed in her eyes. Unfortunately his back chooses that moment to protest and he grimaces as he pulls away. Her brow is wrinkled in concern as her hand reaches for his other shoulder. \"Are you all right?\" He nods with a slightly self-effacing air. \"I'm just getting too old to sit on hard wood floors. Between the dancing and the bike-riding and extra practice lately, I'm in pretty good shape, but my back gets annoyed sitting on hard wood. Even mass can be a trial, although I think God understands.\" Her laugh wraps around him as she leans in a bit, straightening with a trace of chagrin in her eyes. \"I'm sorry.\" His head shakes as he works to his feet, turning with a bow to offer her a hand up. \"Not at all, milady. A bit of pain is always worth it to help a damsel in distress.\" He gallantly kisses the back of the hand he still retains once she's standing, and goes on more seriously with it still in his palm. \"I owed you one, anyway. You really were… wonderful this afternoon.\" He sees her breath catch a bit as she looks up into his eyes, a reminder that she's littler than he realizes sometimes with her confident personality and ever-present heels. \"well, you're so wonderful all the time… it's the least I could do.\" There is a genuine quality to her speech, and her expression is open and honest. When it starts to morph into something else, Plausible Deniability Mode as he once heard her say, he stops her with a brush of his fingertips on her lips. He can't bear to lose this view into her, this time they're sharing. \"Don't. Whatever you're about to say, however you're about to say it, don't. Don't hide from me. Please.\" Her lips are trembling when he slides his fingers away, and the column of her throat shivers as she works to swallow. He's just wondering if she'll answer, if he should take it back, when her voice breaks the silence. \"Not… when anyone else is around. I can't…\" She shakes her head and continues determinedly, \"I don't want anyone else to see this. But I'll try. I'll try not to hide, if you won't.\" He can tell she's holding her breath, and doesn't trust his voice so he simply nods and she melts back into him with a smile. They stand, holding one another for a while, until she breaks them apart. He helps her douse the candles and reset the studio's order, and waits while she finds her shoes and holds her jacket as she slips in. She waits as he locks the studio and takes his arm as they walk down the stairs and smiles as he gallantly holds the door to the outside world for her. They go to dinner that night, and spend a few hours talking before calling it an evening, and she pays the cab to take him home after he walks her to her door. The brush of their lips could barely be called a kiss, but they both smile and drift apart to their separate little lives and feel their world turn a bit more slowly when they're in each other's arms. A/N: so this movie is fascinating and beautiful, and I'm thrilled that I have the extended soundtrack. and I know he's supposed to get with the other dance teacher, but I always liked his chemistry with Morgan... esp. in their dance. this just... took it beyond that. hope you like it. I know it's a bit late to the party. ","Summary":" His wife had been beautiful, graceful in every movement… except dancing. She could shimmy and sway "},{"Movie":"Take the Lead","Title":"Dance the Night Away","Author":"punnylove","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6971485","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Because \"if there's one thing the Detention Kids can do, it's dance.\" A look at what each couple's dancing reveals about them. 1. Waltz: LaRhette and Rock It's a slow dance, a graceful one, a romantic one, and when LaRhette first sees people waltzing on T.V., she thinks that she's never seen anything more beautiful in her life. She dances at clubs whenever she has time, rolling her hips to heavy metal and remembering how gentle the girls in the program look, how sweet, how happy. And LaRhette knows she will never be one of them. It's a refined dance, an elegant dance, a sophisticated dance. When Rock hears the word \"waltz\" he thinks money, time, and people who don't have to go home to a drunk father every day. He doesn't dance anyway, preferring the court to the clubs, and if that makes him an outcast among the outcasts, so be it. He swishes the ball through the hoop and pushes away thoughts of clean-cut gentlemen, because he knows that he will never be one of them. When LaRhette hears that she's doing the waltz with Rock and Mr. Dulaine talks to her about trust, she feels like screaming, because she's never been able to trust anyone in her life, and by association Rock has her brother's blood on his hands. But as the days go by, she realizes his hands are strong and his steps—though wrong at first—are firm. He holds her like something that might break, which means at first that he holds her at a distance, but later that he holds her with the utmost gentleness. When Rock realizes he can dance the waltz, he's more surprised than anyone else. He steps forward with LaRhette in his arms and feels her weight shift as he gently guides her into a turn, and realizes that she's not fighting him. It's a rush, to realize that she trusts him not to drop her or make the wrong move, and it's the memory of that feeling that makes him show up at the competition despite being dressed in nothing more than a dirty coat and shorts. Apart, LaRhette is too jaded, too broken to waltz, and Rock is too rough. But when she is in his arms and his hands hold her firmly to him, they move like one body and make the waltz something all their own. 2. Salsa: Egypt and Eddie Egypt loves the salsa because it's so sassy and yet so lighthearted, because it's always moving and yet there are moments of quiet where her aching muscles can rest. He just feels the rhythm in his hips and Egypt's smile on his lips and doesn't register time until detention is over and he realizes that he's been doing the salsa for hours. Egypt's life is hectic; she balances schoolwork, community service, and ballroom dancing all while keeping up her social life and taking care of the apartment. The beat of the salsa is relentless, just like her lifestyle, and she moves almost instinctively as the music flirts with her body. There's a sauciness to the music too—and Egypt remembers with a grin the frustration on her teacher's faces when she ends up in detention week after week, month after month. They don't realize the clever game she plays so she can have a place to stay after school and still have a clean enough record to get into college. Eddie loves to laugh, and he moves like he doesn't have a care in the world. Mr. Dulaine coaches him in the steps but as soon as Eddie catches the beat he's moving in a style that's all his own. Egypt is in and out of his arms teasingly, and Eddie takes the opportunity to flirt with the girl he's always admired—albeit from afar. Apart, Egypt would spin herself into pieces and Eddie wouldn't take the dance seriously enough, but together they are a constantly shifting banter of touches and steps, a flirtation that makes the Salsa theirs alone. 3. Tango: Ramos, Danjou, and Sasha They're among the younger members of the group, and by far the most passionate. While Ramos flaunts his emotional fire, Danjou lets it simmer behind dark eyes, and Sasha leaks sensuality like sparking coals. The tango speaks to them, allows them to revel in their fever as they move. Ramos is tempered, his blatant, and often blunt, sexuality refined and channeled into the hand that grips Sasha's arm and back. He dips her low, eyes never leaving hers, and his hand does not travel but rather provides support as he slowly draws her back to her feet. Danjou is empowered, his usual quiet self gone as he buries his face in Sasha's neck and presses her close as they spin. She goes pliant in his arms and he is confidently strong as he spins her out. The fire that has always stayed behind large dark eyes is brought to the surface, promising things that make Sasha shiver as they move to the music. Sasha is matured, her exasperation and shaky control over her own sensuality gone as she wraps her arms around herself proudly, powerfully. She knows who she is and is confident in her own beauty, and she pushes Danjou away even as she brushes off Ramos' arm and spins on her own. (But she always returns, because without them her confidence wavers and she is mere coals again.) Alone, Ramos would burn himself out, Danjou would remain forever quenched, and Sasha would stay a teenage girl without control over her blossoming body. But together, they move, fight, and struggle through the tango—and endless, steamy battle that has no winner. 4. Jive: Kurd and Big Girl The Jive is a half-mocking comedy of expression and laughter, and at first Big Girl is bitter, because what more fitting pair than a black girl fifty pounds overweight and a white boy half her size? But when the music starts, she finds she cannot stop the smile that creeps on to her face, nor can she keep her whole body from playfully throwing itself into the spirit of the dance. Kurd finds it harder to jive, because he's been forcing himself into (what he thinks is) a mature persona all his life, and he's terrified of losing any respect that he might have earned. But when Big Girl twirls him around and smiles at him with all her body, Kurd finds that he's willing to risk looking stupid for the sake of the dance. They are a comical pair, she pulling Kurd through her legs instead of the other way around, he straining his arms to hold her against him as they kick to the side. But they laugh, and have fun, and gradually forget that he's supposed to go for the underweight beauty queen and she's hated close contact with boys since Danny Ferro made fun of her weight in third grade. By themselves, they're too self-conscious to dance, but together they can lose their unhealthy self-images in the music and just skip their feet to the beat. 5. Foxtrot: Caitlin and Monster She's too clumsy and he's too big, but somehow when they dance together, they fit. They walk, and Monster easily catches Caitlin's stumbles, while she whispers the count to him. The Foxtrot is really just walks and turns, and Caitlin soon learns that Monster, while possessing extremely large feet, is by no means a klutz. They don't have LaRhette and Rock's long history, they don't flirt as they dance, and they don't battle for dominance as the Tango group does—but Caitlin steps backwards in Monster's arms and thinks that she likes this kind of dancing best anyway. Monster tries not to show it, but when he dances with Caitlin he's terrified. She's just so small and he knows he could crush her if he presses too hard. But the look in her eyes when she smiles at him is pure trust and he gradually realizes that if she can trust him to take care of her, why can't he trust himself? Separate, Caitlin is just a stumbling girl with no one to catch her, and Monster is too-big man-boy that no one gives a chance. But together, they are Caitlin and Monster, and they may not be the most passionate, fun, or skillful dancers, but they are the sweetest. 6. Cha Cha Cha: Pierre and Tina He's been dancing for years—almost decades. He's seen and taught more dancers than he can remember, and one consequence of that is that the moment he sees a person—man or woman—he assigns them as a dancer, or not one. He's not always right, but he's pretty darn good. So it surprises him that he's so surprised when Tina asks him to dance at the competition. Later, laying in his bed, he pictures Tina in his mind—the image is suspiciously easy to pull up—and wonders why he never saw her as a dancer before. It would be obvious to almost anyone—her long, elegant legs, strong core, and graceful step make it obvious that she has some training, and there has to be a reason that Morgan—who snubs all who cannot dance—respects her. He remembers what Caitlin said all those weeks ago. She likes you. The next morning, he wakes up early and goes to the dance studio to find Tina already there, setting up and swaying as music plays in the background. He stops for a moment— when did she get so beautiful —and she turns and smiles at him. \"You're here early today.\" \"Yes, well.\" He's embarrassed, and he doesn't know why. \"I just wanted to check up on you. Are you always here this early?\" Some part of him is screaming that he's not making sense, and the other part—which sounds suspiciously like Eddie—is laughing. Tina doesn't seem to mind. She nods, and goes on to explain something about airing out the place, but Pierre suddenly realizes the music playing and interrupts. \"Is that, Cha Cha Cha?\" he asked, and this time it's Tina's turn to flush. \"Yes,\" she replies, \"It's my favorite dance.\" Pierre doesn't know quite what he's doing, but Tina looks so lovely in the pale sunlight with her hair unruly and her eyes still smudged from yesterday night. He steps forward, and takes her in his arms as he's done so many times to others. \"What a coincidence,\" he says, and smiles, \"It's my favorite too.\" ","Summary":" Because \"if there's one thing the Detention Kids can do, it's dance.\" A look at what each couple'"},{"Movie":"Take the Lead","Title":"To Fly in His Arms","Author":"shhIwasn'there","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4967357","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He did it again! Did henhave no idea how he made her feel? His touch, however respectful itnwas, it was yet tender and seductive on her skin. She tried to clearnher head and smiled at his thanks. There was a lot to do: she toldnherself. She went back to work, choosing the customs and helping thengirls around but somewhere in the back of her mind, unconsciously,nshe was still thinking about him. Still busy with thenboxes and the remaining customs, and struggling, too, with her sillynromantic thoughts, she didn't realize how quiet it had become;neveryone had gone…that is everyone except him. Her head snapped upnto see that he was staring at her with a curious look, as if amused.nShe flashed him a quick smile as she went back to finishing clearingnthe room. \"Come on Tina, let'sngo back. What's on schedule for this evening?\" he asked as hentook the boxes from her hand, barely touching her. How could shenremember to breath when he was so… she shook her head again, whatnhad he just ask? \"Tina, are you okay?\" \"Yes, yes I'm fine.nYou will have the beginners' class at six and Morgan and hernpartner are coming at five thirty.\" \"Well then we arenfree for the afternoon. Would you like to go somewhere?\" Well if he could speaknher mind, it would be going back to the studio and dance with him,nbut why not? \"Well, um actually Inwas planning to go back to the studio to finish some work, but if younwish to…\" she trailed off leaving the choice to him. \"No, no, I'll comenwith you.\" He said as he opened the door for her. The ride was quiet andnshe spent most of it in self-consciously looking out the window whilenalso noticing him, watching her from the corner of her eyes. He hadnnever behaved so; as if all of a sudden he had found something veryninteresting in her. Had he found out? Oh she would rather dienthan…'be rational' she urged and tried to start a conversation. \"So um, since when donyou go around with a taxi? I thought you preferred your bike?\" \"Well I lost it, sortnof, the bike.\" \"Lost it?\" \"Well, yes, it wasnparked there in front of the school but when I came back it wasngone.\" \"Oh\" again silence.nAnd yet he was watching her, it was unnerving. She gathered herncourage and looked him in the eye, \"Do you think they'll be ablento do it? I mean it's a lot of money and…\" \"They can do it.\"nHe seemed convinced. They had reached the studio now. She went tonopen the door while he paid the driver and came up to stand besidenher. It was dark and cool inside but she felt feverish. Putting thenboxes aside, he went straight to his sound system to put on one ofnhis favorite songs; it was always relaxing to listen to them. Shendropped on a sofa and closed her eyes. She didn't hear himnwalk up to stand in front of her until he quietly called her name. \"Tina? Will you do menthe honour?\" She opened her eyes. His hand was outstretched towardsnher in the same formal way that he always asked a lady to dance withnhim. \"I … well I'vennever taken lessons, you know…\" she chuckled. \"I think it's aboutntime you learnt.\" \"Oh\" she only saidnand took his hand, knowing that her cheeks must be burning. It wasngood the lights were still off. As he lead her aroundnthe room, swaying her in his arms, and guiding her steps, she foundnthat she was now living what she had once desired enviously, whennwatching his female pupils: dancing with him, no, flying it felt likenflying. TBC Thanks for reading plznr&r; . criticism is most welcome[Chapter 2] Pearls \"Tina, I really don't know how to thank you for all the things you've done for me and this studio. You know ever since my wife died no one could put this place or me either, for that matter, in order. That is until you came. You have really done a well job.\" \"Well, you did pay me well for doing a well job!\" she laughed to ease the tension for she was feeling tense, indeed. He was looking right into her eyes as he swayed her around the room. And she blamed her breathlessness as a result of the dance. \"She used to love dancing. She was a pupil of mine before we married. Very talented; young and vibrant. I can't imagine anyone moving in the same beautiful way she always did. Not even Morgan!\" He chuckled darkly and sighed. \"She was the most beautiful woman I had ever taken in my arms.\" His eyes wandered from her face, gazing at something on the wall behind her and they fell silent. \"Do you miss her?\" She asked in a low, sympathetic voice. He looked back into her eyes and their slow movement stopped. \"Very much. I thought I've got over her but in reality. . . I can never really get over her death. Her presence is missing in every day of my life.\" \"I'm so sorry\" she whispered with tears in her eyes. How could she be in love with this man who was still in love with his deceased wife? 'Poor Pierre' she thought, how he must be suffering and yet keeping a straight face. Even after five years! She wondered how his wife should have been that he loves her so. He is a man to be admired and she certainly was as well. She could not hate herself more. She felt guilty as if she had been trying to seduce a man still married. \"Do you want to talk about it?\" she asked when she saw his agonized face still gazing at her tear stained face. \"I do not want to pain you, Tina. You are a worthy woman. You don't deserve to be hurt. I'm so sorry.\" And with that he left her alone at the dance floor. The music had stopped and she felt like her heart, too, had stopped with it. But then, he returned and took her delicately back in his arms. She then realized that he had only gone to change the song. She scorned herself. \"Do you want to try something else?\" \"I like the waltz.\" He smiled \"So do I\" \"So as I was saying,\" he recommenced, \"No one could truly take her place until you came. So as a token of my gratitude I thought I should give you this.\" He fished a casket out of his pocket and gave it to her. Now she was sure that her heart had definitely come out of her chest. She opened it with shaky hands. \"I was hers\" It was a beautiful pearl necklace. Undoubtedly very expensive and to her invaluable. It was his wife's! She couldn't believe it! \"You know Tina, You…You filled the empty gap she left.\" She looked up to his eyes, shining with an emotion she could not tell. 'I must be dreaming!' \"Let me fasten it for you.\" He took the necklace and she turned. The cold pearls felt nice on her neck but what felt even better was his embrace although it hardly lasted a moment. \"I…thank you\" was all she managed. He smiled but looked down, \"Tina… would you…um…could I take you out for dinner tonight?\" She knew she was blushing, to the point of looking like a red rose but she could not care less…had he just asked her out for dinner? She was being childish but she couldn't help it. But the reader must know, even though she was feeling like a 15 year old, she was all ladylike (as much as she could manage) and composed. \"Pierre, is it like a…I mean is it a date?\" \"If you don't object\" \"Then yes\" Pierre smiled and seemed to be about to say something when they heard the door open. It was Morgan. Tina went off to switch on the lights, so she missed the victorious and self-congratulating smile that lightened up Pierre's lips. \"Good afternoon Mr. Dulain\" Morgan's formal and over-confident voice called out as she entered the room. \"Good afternoon, Morgan. Shall we start?\" Well, at least Tina didn't miss the happy tone of his voice! ","Summary":" He did it again! Did henhave no idea how he made her feel? His touch, however respectful itnwas, it"},{"Movie":"Take the Lead","Title":"Where The Heart Is","Author":"WeAreTomorrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6622035","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everyone, Long time no see, I know, but I promise that it was worth it. Starting now, every single day I am going to be reposting the first chapter of one story, in order, from my earliest work to my most recent. And so on and so forth. You get the idea. Any feedback is loved to death :) -WeAreTomorrow[Chapter 2] I really wish more people knew this movie. It deserves it. Home Is Where The Heart Is … it's getting there that's the problem… He's not quite sure how they ended up living together. It has to do with the fact that he's allowed back with his parents. (Back. Just back, not home.) Half the time he ends up in the school's boiler room anyway, which is much easier now since he's swiped a key. He's pretty sure that Principle James—Augustine now really, since he's graduated, not that he'd ever say it to her face—knows he's around; she knows everything that happens in her school. Nobody gets away with shit, not for lack of trying. She's one of the good guys though and later, after he's worked off his ass cleaning her school to make up for her car, he finds out that they get along quite well. \"I take back all the things I said about you, ma'am.\" She gives him one of her signature squinty-eyed glares, assessing his sincerity. He's being real with her. She raises an eyebrow in response and says, \"I don't.\" And he knows he's forgiven. Whenever possible, he stays away from the apartment, the crumbling furniture and smell of shoe polish, preferring to just slip whatever extra money he's been able to make under the door before he disappears again. He thinks his parents like it this way better too. Their place is the kind of hell he prays to a god he doesn't believe in to never end up living with again. Please kill him faster, less painfully, less pathetically. It has to do with the fact that he's tired of running. Tired of cold concrete floors and fighting the lure of easy money made out on the streets. He tried that once and the price is just too high for him. Nothing comes free. Except. Because it has to do with a lot of things but, mostly, it's the pained look on Pierre's face when he sets down his briefcase and rubs his face. Voice thick, he asks: \"Why are you at school at four in the morning. On a Saturday?\" \"I could ask you the same thing but I could already see,\" Rock answers, a slight smile breaking through the sleepy haze of panic. But really, it wasn't funny the first time either and when Pierre asks him to stay the night he can't find a reason to refuse. And the next night and the next night and the— Eventually his pride can't take it anymore and they agree to spill the rent. Pierre, ever the gentleman, hates it. He takes the money with a hurt, tired face and sad brown eyes. Sometimes, Rock feels choked. Coddled. (Mostly? He doesn't mind; its really fucking nice to know someone cares.) It's funny how in two weeks their flat becomes what eighteen years with his parents never could. Home. (He stops paying rent.) (He cooks on weekends instead.) ","Summary":" Hey everyone, Long time no see, I know, but I promise that it was worth it. Starting now, every sin"},{"Movie":"Trick 'r Treat","Title":"The Rise of Sam","Author":"Bat13SJx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13179830","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Rise of Sam ... This one is going to be very dark and a little disturbing, so be warned. It's a short oneshot I have been working on for a while. Just a theory on how I believe Sam became the spirit of Halloween. Hope you like. ... Some stories start off with \"Once upon a time\", and end with \"Happily ever after...\" This story started off long ago, long before a 'Once upon a time;' and I am sorry to disappoint you, this story doesn't come with a \"Happily ever after...\" This story began long ago, in a place that is now called Ireland. The place was green and grey and full of trees and foliage. Humans lived upon the earth and thrived in their small villages. The winters were cold and harsh. Food was scarce during those times. The years were rough, but the villages were able to pull through the dark times. Summers faired well with the harvests at the end of the months. Bonfires were lit during cold nights and stories were told. Many stories consisted of the spirits who have been here long before man. Some stories were about the nice spirits and about the ones who had passed away. The more interesting ones were about the evil spirits. The mischievous spirits could shape shift into anything they wanted, pretending to be humans. They could appear and disappear at will. They could bring the dead to life and wreak havoc on villages. They were the most powerful and terrifying beings. Whenever something happened in the town, whether it be a sickness, a horrific sound or an unexplainable occurrence, the evil spirits were the ones to blame. The people were terrified. In hopes to keep the evil spirits at bay, they began to leave food out for them, believing that if they were nice to the spirits, they would leave them alone. The evil spirits seemed pleased with the towns and left the towns alone. Afterwards, not a lot happened in the towns. Everything was calm and peaceful. One day, something different happened. A man from England came into one of their towns. He had traveled many miles, by land and sea. He was around his mid twenties. He had dark ragamuffin hair, olive skin, and was around six feet tall. He tried carrying himself to be confident, but people could see that he was nervous to be in their town. They watched him from their windows and where they stood near their carts full of apples and turnips. The man waved nervously as he walked with his shoulders up close to his ears. His name was Grint. Grint wore a black coat and held a bible in his hand. He continued to wave to the villagers nervously. They didnt wave back and continued to watch him walk down the dirt road. Grint worked up the courage to ask who the leader was in the town. The leader was seen talking to the town's butcher. Grint shyly asked him if he could have the townspeople come and listen to what he had to say. The leader granted the strangers request and had everyone meet in the big house. When everyone was sitting down inside, the leader let the man take the podium and speak his words. Grint nervously walked up and placed the bible down. He ran his fingers through his messy hair and cleared his throat. The townspeople could tell that it was his first time speaking in front of a bunch of people. \"G-good evening ladies and gentlemen. M-my name is Grint...\" he paused for a moment. No one uttered a word. Grint averted his eyes from them and stared down at his bible. \"I...I am a missionary for the church of Father Crylic...\" Another pause. This time someone coughed in the back. \"I...I have come to tell you about the word of...\" his voice faltered when he saw something pass by outside one of the windows of the big house. He looked over and saw a young lady. She was very pale, and had long silvery white hair with thin black streaks in it. Her gown was made of different scraps of fabrics, mainly blacks, grays, whites, off whites, light blues and blue grays. The pattern worked from pure white, and gradually the scraps became darker into the pure midnight blacks. It was an interesting dress, but Grint only cared about the woman. He watched her, almost mesmerized by her. The way she moved from window to window, was like she was floating. Her head turned and she looked straight at Grint. Grint felt a strange chill go through him. Her eyes were a strange blue. Like a stormy blue. Before Grint could do anything, she flicked her head back and in an instant, she was gone. After the attempted sermon, Grint asked one of the townspeople who she was. \"That's Beim. She's a bit strange. She lives on her own on the outskirts of town. She comes down once in a while to buy food or ask for weird things. Some people think she's some sort of witch,\" said the young town girl he was able to ask. Grint swallowed nervously. He had heard of witches before. Father Crylic despised any sort of witchcraft, or any kind of suspicion towards the dark arts. He was well known for the witch burnings from his hometown. Grint thanked the girl and left the house. As he walked down the road, he couldn't help but to think of Beim. The possible town witch. He wasn't looking where he was going and found himself face to face with Beim herself. The girl was young. Possibly a couple years younger than him. She wore no shoes. The other thing Grint didn't notice about her before were the tattoos on her arms. They were pitch black and curled around her pale arms like snakes. A very unusual thing. She was very strange, but strikingly beautiful. \"Uh...p-pardon me...\" Grint started. \"Yes? You are the stranger everyone is talking about,\" she pointed out. Grint nodded. \"Y-yes. I am...I'm a missionary of Father Crylic's church,\" he said. Beim smiled a small smile. \"And I am the witch of this town,\" she said, doing a small curtsey. Grint stiffened. Beim noticed. \"Is something wrong?\" She asked. Grint stared at Beim for a moment before looking away. \"I just...you don't look like a witch.\" he admitted to her. The lady cocked her head to the side a little. \"And tell me, what is a witch supposed to look like?\" she asked. He blushed and rubbed the back of his head. \"Um...old...ugly,\" he muttered. Beim gave him a smug look before turning away. Grint placed his hand up. \"Wait! I...I didn't mean to upset you miss...\" his voice faltered. The white haired witch turned back. \"Who told you what witches look like? Your people?\" Grint swallowed nervously. \"I didn't mean any disrespect,\" he added. Beim looked him over. \"What's your name?\" she asked. Grint stiffened a little and straightened up where he stood. He held out his hand for her to shake. \"G-Grint...\" he replied. Beim didnt make any move to shake his hand. Instead, she raised her eyebrow. \"Grint? That's an interesting name.\" Grint blushed. \"My parents left me that name...I don't know what it means...or why they gave it to me...\" Beim looked him over before pointing into the woods. \"My house is just over there. You can accompany me if you like,\" she said. Grint accepted her invitation and the two walked off down the road. They started up an interesting conversation. Asking each other interesting questions. \"I heard your name was Beim. What does it mean?\" Grint asked. Beim told him how she was named after one of the most powerful and ancient spirits. As she went on, Grint couldnt help but to compare her wonderful voice to the sound of windchimes during a winter breeze. When she was done, he came up with another question. \"So...do you have a last name?\" He asked. Beim shook her head. Grint blinked in surprise. \"You don't have a last name?\" he asked. Beim nodded. \"You don't seem to have one either, am I right?\" she asked, though to Grint, it felt that she already knew. Grint nodded anyway. \"My parents died when I was born. I was taken in by Father Crylic. He didn't considered me his son, and never bothered to give me a last name.\" Beim gave him a look of pity. Grint stared at her for a minute before asking. \"So, how come you don't have a last name? Or do all witches not have last names?\" he asked. His eyes widened for what he said and quickly apologized. Beim just laughed and walked on across the dirt with her porcelain white feet. \"I don't remember. I have no memories of my childhood. I just woke up in the forest one day. A group of hunters found me and took me to their town. I've been here ever since. These people have accepted me in their own way into their town, but I find myself more connected to the forests, and have lived here ever since,\" Beim said. Grint stared in surprise at the white haired witch. \"\"These people.\" You make it sound like you aren't one of them,\" pointed out Grint. Beim laughed and tossed her hair as she walked off. Grint watched her as she walked off before following after her. ... The two spent most of their time together and became really good friends. Beim made Grint clothes in shades of grey, with white stitches in some places. Grint loved the new attire, feeling ever closer to Beim. Pretty soon, Grint forgot all about convincing the people about the word of God, he had a hard time talking in front of people anyway and felt that it wasn't his thing. He felt very happy being with Beim; and was immediately welcomed into the village. They shared their stories with introduced their beliefs and traditions to him. The months passed and Grint couldn't keep it to himself any longer. He told Beim that he was in love with her. She told him that she loved him as well. Soon after, the two got married. They had a huge party that went on for three days and nights. After the third night, the newlyweds were able to spend time to themselves. They made their way along the trail to Beim's house and went to bed together. During their time in bed, Beim created a small ritual. Part of the ritual was her swallowing a pumpkin seed. ... The months passed by fast. The trees were turning gradual shades of muted orange. The smells in the air were cold and crisp. Grint stayed with Beim the whole time, making sure she was allright. Beim just laughed, enjoying Grint's nervous actions. She didnt show any signs of pains or morning sickness. She seemed completely normal. Besides having a huge bump, it was almost as if she didnt realize that she was pregnant. Grint treated her with extra care as they made their way to the town one afternoon. Grint noticed something different. He saw a banner being hung up above the entrance of the town. \"Samhain festival?\" asked Grint as he and his wife walked through the village, getting ready for the night. Beim nodded her head. \"Yes. This is the division between winter and summer. This is the time when the spirits are able to come over into this world. This is going to be the first festival in celebration of this night,\" she explained. Grint looked over to his wife. \"What do the spirits do?\" he asked. Beim smiled. \"They do whatever they want in the time they are here. We have decided to welcome them by celebrating with a huge feast from our recent harvest, and offering the spirits their share,\" She pointed over to a group of men carving out gourds of all shapes and sizes. \"We are going to light the way for the good spirits to our festival.\" Beim looked over to the huge table as women began to place huge platters of five different types of beasts, fruits, nuts drizzled in honey, corn, apples and other sorts of food grown from the fields. The whole village was busy prepping everything for tonight. In another area in the center of town, was a huge pile of firewood, for the huge bonfire. Beim took one of the masks from the table and placed it over Grint's face. The mask was a small burlap sack that must have used to hold turnips. It had small eye holes under a pair of Buttons for eyes and and a stitched up mouth that curved upward into a long smile. Beim smiled. \"It fits you perfectly,\" she said. Grint smiled under the grinning mask. It got dark fast, and the festival began. Bonfires were lit. Drinks were poured. Food was eaten. Beim pulled her husband to the area where people were dancing. She was wearing a mask as well. Grint nervously looked around at the masked villagers around him. They were dancing wildly to the music being played. He felt Beim touch the side of his sack mask. He turned to her and saw her stormy eyes within her wooden mask. \"Don't pay attention to the others...\" she said. Grint suddenly felt relaxed and seemed to have his eyes glued to her. They danced together. The fires licked the ink black sky. Masked creatures danced around them. Grint kept his eyes on his wife. Soon, there were more than just masked people. Creatures, spirits, and ghosts of various forms were seen among them. They danced with them. They laughed and ate apples and seeds and drank wine. They hovered near their living relatives, and friends. They noticed Beim's full moon belly and ran their claws or translucent hands lightly across it. They were intrigued. Beim suddenly stopped and doubled forward. Grint's spell broke and noticed Beim clutching her belly. He called for the villagers to help him. The masked women and men rushed to Beim's aid. A couple hours later, on the night of the Samhain festival, their child was born. He was wrapped in Beim's dress. Grint gave his coat to his wife and wrapped it around her pale shoulders. Grint stared down at their first born child, smiling proudly. They named their child Sam. He was a normal healthy boy. Ten fingers and toes. A small button nose. Bits of dark hair like his father's. His eyes opened once to reveal stormy eyes like his mother's. Everyone in the village came up to welcome the child into the world, all dressed in their scary demonic costumes. They congratulated the couple and gently touched the newborn's head. The newborn's eyes stayed closed as he slept. The night wore on in celebration of the first Samhain festival, and the newborn son of Grint and Beim. ... The next day, a man from Father Crylic's church came to the town. Grint knew him as he saw him approach the town. Grint greeted the man and welcomed him into the town. \"How's it been? How's it going back home?\" Grint asked. The man was not smiling or showing any signs of happiness. \"Father Crylic sent me, Grint. He asks of your progress here. You haven't sent any word to him since you arrived here almost a year ago. We were worried that something happened to you,\" the man said. Grint's smile immediately disappeared. The man continued. \"What have you been doing here? Are you making any progress here?\" Grint didn't say anything. The man sighed and placed his hand on Grint's shoulder. \"I'll tell him that you need more time. Please come back home soon. You know your place is with the church. You have no idea what these...heathens could do. Father Crylic warned you of their ways... There's also a rumor going around about a witch living near this town...She's said to be dangerous.\" Grint gritted his teeth but kept his mouth shut. The man stared at Grint for a while before deciding to leave. \"It was nice seeing you again Grint. May the Lord keep watch over you,\" he added before leaving. Grint took a deep breath and exhaled. He ran his hand through his messy hair anxiously. ... The days passed into months. Every three months, a man, sometimes two from the church, would come down to the town and ask about Grint. Grint would try to give them some excuse that he needed more time with the town he was in. The men would either give Grint looks of disgust or looks of concern for him. They did not believe a word he said. Beim approached Grint with Sam in her arm as he watched two men leave the town. She placed her hand on his shoulder. \"They aren't going to stop coming. You need to tell them that you've decided to stay here,\" she said. Grint shook his head. \"I can't...\" was all he said. His eyes turned away from the entrance of the town and met the eyes of his son. Sam smiled up at his father and reached a small hand up to him. Grint smiled back and held his. Soon came the second year of Samhain; as well as Sam's first year. Sam loved the festival/his birthday. It was the most special night. He enjoyed the food and the lit bonfires and the music. He wasnt even the least bit frightened when he saw everyone wearing their grotesque masks. Grint took his mask off and allowed his son to wear it. Sam loved it and wore it, laughing and clapping. Suddenly the winds changed. A strange cold stirred the air. The bonfires quivered and roared. Embers flew through the air. Everyone turned towards the entrance of the town. A dark figure was seen coming A thin, pale, elder man came into the light of the fires and walked into the town. He was gaunt and had heavy wrinkles all over his long face and hands. His eyes were cold and black as a void. He wore a black coat and pants with black pointy shoes. He stopped just short of their party. He muttered something under his breath before pointing a finger at Grint. Grint instantly recognized him and shivered in fear. It was Father Crylic himself. He told Grint of all the sins he had committed. Staying in the town and becoming one of them. Accepting their culture and heathen ways He noticed Beim with their child and immediately roared with rage. He pulled out his bible and showed it to Grint; shouting verses and other things from it. Sam started to cry and wail from Father Crylic's enraged shouting. Beim clutched Sam to her breast and told the Father that he was upsetting their child and that he should leave. Father Crylic pointed his finger at Beim and called her a witch, blaming her for possessing Grint. Grint moved in front of his family, protecting them and telling Father to leave the town. Beim muttered something under her breath as she glared at the hateful old man. The winds picked up. Father Crylic's bible flew out of his spider like hands and landed right into the bonfire. The bible immediately burst into flames and was turned to ashes in seconds. Everyone gasped in surprise. Father Crylic fumed as he glared at Beim. \"You'll regret doing that, witch!\" he screamed. Sam cried louder. Father Crylic stared at Sam for a long moment before finally turning to Grint. \"You have angered God for your horrible sins. You shall burn in hell for eternity with your witch wife and bastard child!...And I'll make sure you all get there very soon.\" He muttered the last part. With that, he turned and left the town. ... Years passed till it was Sam's sixth birthday; as well as the seventh annual Samhain festival. Sam got out of bed early, dressed in his worn in light colored onesie, covered in yellow patches from all the times he got it snagged on some branches in the forest. He ran over to one of the wooden drawers and pulled out his father's burlap sack mask and pulled it on. Once he had it on, he began to run all around the house. He ran around the breakfast table before heading to his parents' bedroom to wake them up. He jumped on their bed and roared, raising his hands up and curling them into claws. Beim smiled a sleepy smile at her masked son. \"Good morning my little pumpkin,\" she said as she kissed Sam's forehead. Sam beamed happily from under the mask. With that, Sam jumped off the bed and hurried out of the room to the breakfast table. Beim turned over in the bed to look at Grint. Grunts eyes were half open. He had dark bags under them for staying up half the night, worrying. Ever since Father Crylic's visit, Grint hadn't gotten any sleep in the last couple of years. Beim touched his forehead gently. \"It's been five years, Grint. If he's a man of his word, he would've already came years ago,\" she said. Grint stared worriedly up at the ceiling. \"Today's Samhain...he came on Samhain last time...I know he will come again...possibly with more men to help him...just like the witch hunts back home...\" Grint said. Beim sighed and gave him a kiss on the cheek. \"Come on. It's also Sam's birthday. We dont want him to see you upset on his birthday, right?\" She asked. Grint sighed softly and nodded his head. \"You are right. I'll try and be a little more cheerful today...for Sam...he's growing up so fast,\" he added. Beim smiled and nodded. \"I can tell he's going to be a part of something great in the future,\" she said. After breakfast, Beim kissed Sam and Grint on the foreheads. \"I'll be off. You two stay out of trouble. And dont eat too many sugared sweets, Sam. I know it's your birthday but I know how you are with those sugared things,\" she said before leaving With an empty basket she made herself and went off into the forest to pick some herbs and flowers to make a concoction for Grint's sleep apnea. She hummed a song as she walked around the trees and bushes. She walked a little further than she usually did till she came upon an area she had never been before and went down on her hands and knees. Hours passed as the white haired witch unearthed white roots and picked nearby shrooms. She hummed her melody. Filling up her basket. Enjoying the outside fresh air. Suddenly, she felt the stiff cold wind blow through her silvery white hair. Something was wrong. Beim could sense that something was horribly wrong. She stopped digging and her head shot straight up like an alert deer. Something bad has happened... to your child and husband... The wind whispered through her hair. Beim quickly got to her feet and grabbed the basket. She picked up her pace and began to sprint as fast as she could, down the beaten dirt road, back to her small cottage. Once she got there, she saw that the cottage door was on the ground inside the house, as if it got kicked down. She dropped her basket in horror. \"Grint!\" she screamed and ran into the house. The whole place was a mess. Curtains were tattered, tables and chairs were overturned and smashed to splinters. Glass jars were smashed and red stuff was seen spattered all over the floors. She called for her husband again. No answer. She raced into Sam's room. \"Sam?!\" She cried. His bed was destroyed, along with his toys. She ran back to the living room and called for them again. Still no answer or sign of them. She turned in all directions, her heart beating fast. Beim stopped when she noticed a trail of blood heading outside. She followed the blood back outside and down the trail. The blood stayed on the trail for a while till it went off a different way towards the edge of the fields where stalks of corn were growing, ready to be picked. The sun was just setting, giving off fiery oranges and reds. She stopped when came upon a horrific sight. Grint was seen on the ground body facedown in a pool of his own blood. Beim stifled a scream and placed her hand over her mouth. She saw something away slightly in the tree a couple feet away from a leafless tree. Beim cried out and felt tears come to her eyes. The six year old child hung there with a heavy rope around his neck from the twisted black limb of a leafless black oak tree. The child's head was lopped off, and was replaced with a small pumpkin, crudely stitched on. Blood dribbled down from the child's body, staining his onesie. Beim placed her hands over her mouth and cried in horror. Her legs gave up on her as she fell to her knees into the dirt. She sobbed heavily, seeing her family brutally murdered. Her tears mixing into the dirt and blood. Gradually, crying and felt an anger rise inside her. Beim automatically knew the ones who were responsible for this. She heard their footsteps as they came up to her. Father Crylic lead ten other men. He pointed to Beim and told the men that she was the cause of Grint's sins and betrayal to the church. As the man talked, Beim began to chant a spell. As she chanted, she called out to the spirits, called out to anyone who would hear her call, to bring her child back, in place of her own life. She drew symbols in the dirt around her. Father Crylic turned and shouted at her. \"Cease your witchcraft! Your evil lord cannot help you now!\" He shouted. Beim ignored continued chanting. The cold winds picked up and swirled faster and faster around the scene. Grint's hair rustled in the strong breeze where he laid. Sam's body swayed slightly from the tree he hung from. The men gaped at what they were seeing and took a couple steps back. Suddenly, an eerie greenish white glow emanated through the child's body and an invisible force lifted him up into the air. Part of the rope that was tied to the tree suddenly began to grow hot and start to burn. The section snapped off and Sam's body lifted higher into the air. The pumpkin head morphed and shaped. The crude stitches disappeared. Flesh and pumpkin became one. Beady eyes, a crooked mouth, and two holes for a nose appeared on the misshapen pumpkin head. Sam gasped and breathed his first breath in his new form. Beim's eyes glowed as the winds whipped around her. Sam became aware and turned his eyes to his mother. Tears ran down his face. Beim's eyes trickled with black blood instead of tears. She reached up to her son's outstretched hand. Right as their hands touched, a strange power coursed through Sam's body. Their two bodies glowed in a strange unnatural light. The men shielded their eyes and turned away. Some muttered things from the bible out of sheer terror. The light grew brighter and brighter till it exploded in a blinding flash. The men screamed and bolted. Father Crylic yelled for them to stay in their place. \"God is on our side in this! Stay and help me fight this evil!\" The light stopped. Beim was gone. Sam stood alone near the tree. The winds picked up a little, causing Father Crylic's coat to flap. All the men stopped and stared at the new, unnatural, unexplainable horror before them. Sam stood there in his orange onesie. He stared at his hands and touched his new face. He turned his beady eyes up to the men before him. Father Crylic pulled out a big metal cross and held it up in front of Sam, sputtering everything he knew from the bible. Sam stared at the cross, unphased by it. Father Crylic raised his voice and spouted more verses from the bible. Sam's beady eyes narrowed and opened his mouth. He screamed what at first sounded like a child screaming, then changed slightly to an inhuman sound. In a flash, the child came running towards Father Crylic. Father Crylic held his ground and pulled his arm back, and struck the deformed pumpkin creature across the face with his cross. Sam went flying backwards. He hit against the tree and slumped there. Father Crylic and the other men thought the creature was dead and seemed to relax for a bit. They thanked Father Crylic for killing the satan spawn. Suddenly, just as the men were deciding to leave the scene, they heard a noise. They turned, finding the body of Sam standing back on his feet. The gash across his misshapen pumpkin face slowly shrank and healed itself till the gash was gone. The men's screams echoed throughout the cold night... ... Sam stared down at the bloody aftermath of the massacre. Twisted, mutilated bodies striped in red. Candied corn kernels and caramel apples were seen sprinkled around, covered in blood or shoved deep in the dead men's mouths. Father Crylic was the last one, barely alive and covered in his own blood. His own long face covered in many scratches. He tried gasping for mercy, but his throat was choking with his own blood. Sam bent down and lifted the cross from under Father Crylic's weak, pale fingers. Father Crylic watched through heavy eyelids. Sam stared down at it, turned it over in his hands for a moment. In Sam's hands, the cross was like a short sword. Father Crylic coughed up some blood, and possibly part of his own lung. \"P-please...m-mercy...\" Father Crylic finally cried out. Sam glared down at the Father. He made a low noise through his clenched teeth in anger. He got louder and louder before it came out as an enraged scream and brought the heavy cross down on the father's head. Father Crylic died instantly. His skull concaved and bubbling up with blood. Bits of pink brain were seen coming forth. Sam looked over when he saw his father's burlap mask, untouched by the carnage. He picked it up and stared at it for a moment before looking over to his dead father, and where his mother once was. Then the winds shifted again and he saw them. Their spirits. Grint and Beim both holding hands and smiling down at their son. Tears came to his beady face. As soon as they appeared, they were gone. Sam wiped the tears from his eyes. His parents died for nothing. The men who wore no masks or costumes on his day were horrible people. They took away everything from him. No more... Sam would make sure their cruel selves would never come back again...He was Sam. The Spirit of Samhain. He turned back and placed the mask over his new, grotesque pumpkin face. Once the sun began to rise up above the corn stalks, Sam was gone in a blink of an eye. Where he once stood, was swirling dust and scattered pumpkin seeds... ... The End...? ","Summary":" The Rise of Sam ... This one is going to be very dark and a little disturbing, so be warned. It's a"},{"Movie":"Trick 'r Treat","Title":"Halloween Spirit","Author":"TinyDinosInScarfs","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11882068","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: Louise Templar, a celebrated author, loved Halloween. This love and her dedication to keep to rules and tradition keeps her safe when a certain trick or treater comes a knocking. Disclaimer: I do not Trick r' Treat but I do own anything that has to do with Louise Templar. Author's note: This is set a year before the cruel prank played on Rhonda. This was originally on DarkParableDetective before I moved it here. Halloween Spirit She moved into the house at the tail-end of September. Louise Templar looked over her new home and smiled brightly. Her agent thought it was a mad idea to leave New York but Lousie could already feel her batteries recharging and inspiration knocking. Lousie was a celebrated author who found luck with a book series. It was titled The Chronicles of the Reaper . The idea was something Louise had toyed with since she was teenager and, only when she started to get serious about writing, did she pick it up again. The stories themselves were based around a character named Ashleigh Lex who fought the supernatural. Louise herself was a big fan of the supernatural and adored Halloween. As Louise stepped into her new home, she began a mental check on what needed doing. A meowing caught her attention and she turned to a cat box next to the door. \"All right. I'll let you out.\" Louise opened the door to the cat box. A orange and white exotic shorthair strutted out and shook itself. Lousie smiled at the animal. \"Whatcha think Pumpkin?\" The cat meowed in reply. It was the first week of October when Macy, Schrader, Sara and Chip found Rhonda standing in front of a house. They joined her side silently. Half of the garden was covered in Halloween decorations. Near the path was a half built scarecrow. On the porch rails sat three different pumpkins and a cat. It was too busy cleaning itself. Chip glanced at Sara. \"I didn't think anyone lived here.\" \"Someone moved in idiot. Don't you listen to gossip?\" Macy hissed. \"That's your job ain't it Macy?\" Sara snickered. Macy was about to retort when a door slammed shut. Even the cat had stopped cleaning itself. From around the back of the house, Lousie arrived with a step ladder. She had a tool belt on and something brown in her hand. She set the stepladder up near the half-built scarecrow and climbed. \"One eye or no eye? Got any suggestions Pumpkin?\" Louise glanced over to the cat. It meowed. \"One eye it is.\" Louise's body hid whatever she was making. It was placed ontop of the scarecrow and a hat was placed on top. The brown object turned out to be a deformed scarecrow head complete with one eye. \"Cool scarecrow!\" Chip called. Macy wrinkled her nose at the sight. Louise turned round and spied the kids. \"Thanks.\" Louise climbed down the ladder and made her way over to them. \"You just moved in?\" Schrader asked. \"Yeah. Ain't wasting to time with the Halloween decorations.\" Louise paused and glanced over the scene. \"I ain't even half way through yet.\" \"So what do you do?\" Macy questioned. Louise could tell she was bored. \"You write the Chronicl books.\" Rhonda whispered. It was then that the others saw the book Rhonda held close to her chest. \"Ah! A fan I see.\" Lousie chuckled. Rhonda meekly held out her book which Louise took. The elder female pulled a pen from her toolbelt and signed the inside of the book. \"Thank you.\" \"Not at all hunny.\" Louise smiled. \"What's with the shopping cart?\" Sara asked pointing to the said item. It sat near the porch. \"Oh that. I have an offering to do on Halloween.\" \"An offering?\" Chip looked a little worried. Lousie nodded her head. \"At the local rock quarry. Eight pumpkins and eight bags of sweets.\" Schrader looked confused but Macy, Chip and Sara knew just what she was talking about. \"The Halloween School bus Mas-\" Macy elbowed Sara hard in the ribs. \"Ow! What was that for?\" \"We have to get going now. Nice meeting you.\" Macy smirked slightly and walked off. Sara, Chip and Schrader followed. Rhonda pushed her glasses further up her nose. \"Thank you for signing my book.\" She bid goodbye before leaving. Louise watched her go. \"Cute kid.\" Ash she turned, Louise stared in disbelief at her cat. \"Pumpkin! Don't eat the bloody pumpkins!\" She yelled. It was on Halloween, late in the afternoon, when Principal Steven Wilkins and his son Billy met Louise as she walked down her garden path. She was pushing a shopping cart full of items. \"Hi there.\" Steven greeted. Louise smiled back. \"Hi.\" \"Cool scarecrow!\" Billy exclaimed. \"Thanks. Something I knocked up myself.\" Steven looked over the scarecrow. \"Certainly scary.\" \"I don't do a half job when it comes to Halloween.\" Louise shut her front gate. \"It's all or nothing.\" \"I like your thinking.\" Steven looked Lousie over. \"Say, haven't I seen you somewhere before?\" \"If it involves book signings then yeah.\" Lousie grinned. Steven nodded his head. \"Louise Templar. I thought it was.\" Steven replied. \"What's a famous writer like you, doing in a tiny place like this?\" \"Change of scenery to charge my batteries.\" Lousia answered. Steven chuckled. He looked over the cart. \"Going anywhere?\" \"Just a little something I have to do.\" Louise smiled politly and carried on her way. \"Was nice meeting you.\" She called over her shoulder. \"Same here!\" \"Goodbye!\" When Lousie entered the rock quarry, she took one deep breath to steady her nerves. She then continued on to the lift. The old thing did not make thing easier but Louise was determined that she was going to leave her offering. She picked up the key, unlocked the door and pushed it open. The cart rattled in followed by Louise. She slammed the door shut and pressed the down button. The lift groaned but went down. The area were the bus was had been cast in a orange glow from the setting sun. Lousie quickly got to work. \"For you, the lost souls of the bus.\" Louise placed eight different pumpkins on the ground and lit them. She then placed eight trick or treat bags full with sweets next to each pumpkin. Once she was done, Louise turned and took her cart back to the lift. She never once ran until she was out of the rock quarry. Running, to Lousie, would have shown disrespect. Halloween night was buzzing. Louise sat on a chair on her porch complete in her zombie outfit. The living room window was wide open and her TV was turning to face the window. Pumpkin the cat sat on the windowsill. Lousie turned her attention away from the TV when a gang of kids walked up the steps. \"Trick or treat!\" \"Here you go.\" Lousie handed out one sweet per children from a bowl on her lap. \"Happy Halloween!\" Another group of kids arrived which drained the rest of Lousie's sweets. \"Damn it!\" Lousie looked up to see a lone figure. A young child in a orange pajama jumpsuit and a burlap sack over his head. \"Wait right there.\" Lousie lent into the house through the window and grabbed hold of a plastic bag. She pulled it outside and sat back down. Lousie reached inside the bag and pulled out a chocolate bar. \"Here you go hunny.\" The kid took the sweet. \"Happy Halloween. You be safe now!\" The kid made his way down the steps and disappeared from sight. As the night was winding down, Lousie decided to head indoors. She collected her belongings and turned to enter her house when she caught sight of the burlap sack kid from before. He was standing in front of next door's house. The husband and wife were blowing out the candels of the jack o' laterns. Lousie checked the time. It was dead on 11 o'clock. \"That's way too early.\" She mumbled. Lousie shook her head and headed in doors. Lousie awoke the following morning to the sound of sirens and flashing lights. She went down to the front door and opened it. Police and ambulances were everywhere. They were all gathered round the neighbour's house. Lousie silently watched two bodies being placed in an ambulance. This instantly woke her up. Her mind raced back to the child with the burlap sack. She shivered. \"The enforcer of Halloween.\" Lousie mumbled. Not wanting to stay out any longer, Lousie headed inside. Her mind was whirling with another story idea. ","Summary":" Summary: Louise Templar, a celebrated author, loved Halloween. This love and her dedication to keep"},{"Movie":"Trick 'r Treat","Title":"Devil's Night to Play","Author":"The Mad Hatter Effect","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6370405","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing. I don't even have a copy of this awesome movie, yet! I have claimed Sam/Peeping Tommy as my little Mon-kid (i.e. he'd be my Digimon). Has a few original characters, to spice up the Halloween feel to it, though it's not in a major way. Halloween. All Hollow's Eve. Samhain. Devil's Night. It was a holiday called by many names, but to all children it meant the same; free candy and the chance to show off your costume for the year. Of course it was also the time of year when Sam was able to come and play. Halloween was a special night of the dead, and it held many rules and traditions that must be upheld. Sometimes Sam even got the chance to pay a visit to some old snob and get some candy while teaching him or her a lesson in the process. All-in-all it was a very busy night, and not only for Sam and the children and their parents. Many previously thought mythical creatures roamed around Warren, Ohio, after all; marking it as their home as well as had Sam. In fact, little Sam had just passed by the local group of all-female werewolves who lured men in for the kill during this time of year with their looks. And just around that corner was one of the vampires searching for his own victim while a pretender went around as well, faux fangs and black mask and cape to complete his look... Too bad he wouldn't live past the night, as he set his eyes on the little werewolf dressed Little Red Riding Hood... Of course, it was the same serial killer that liked to kill boisterous children who didn't follow Halloween's rules as well - but that wasn't his job, and Sam felt no need nor want to help the school principle. Sam smiled beneath his sack as he dragged his bag of candy behind him, darting through the crowd easily. No one really paid him much mind until they head to, after all. And right now he had a feeling he needed to be at the old quarry where the poor disturbed children had been drowned in the bus by old Mr. Kreeg... That was a sad Samhain that year, the poor souls wandering around and crying to go home... There! He had just passed by a devil, too. Even they came to celebrate with the humans and have a little fun on this wonderful holiday, it seemed. Her bat-like wings quivering in anticipating as her cliché devil's tail swung left and right through the air - the humans no doubt leaving it up to think it to be some mechanical aspect of a costume. Some poor fool would find out otherwise, Sam smiled. Or maybe it would be more? Who knew with devils... And was that an incubus come to wreak some havoc? Sam hadn't realized they were still around. As he finally made his way past the parade and all of it's costumed people and mythical creatures Sam took a lollipop out of his candy sack and idly twirled it around before stuffing it into a small hole in the sack for his mouth. Sam's intuition on the deaths that happened each year here were uncanny, being the spirit of the holiday itself it was no surprise. The little pumpkin-headed creature headed off to the quarry to witness four new souls join the ranks of the dead as they played a too-cruel trick on a fellow child... Poison... Drowning... Knives... Claws... Fangs... Oh, so many ways to take a life... Oh, so many creatures believed to be fake right in front of the humans' very eyes... And Sam was one of them, the upholder of traditions. There were rules to follow, and Warren, Ohio's populace and it's visitors oft forgot such rules... And the punishment would be death. Never to see the light of the next day... After all the traditions were started to protect the silly humans - best remind them of them. Because, really, it was the night for the beasties and ghouls to play - and if you weren't careful... they would get you... ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing. I don't even have a copy of this awesome movie, yet! I have claimed Sam/"},{"Movie":"Trick 'r Treat","Title":"Revenge Of The Halloween Kids","Author":"SakuyaMikafan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6341829","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Liked the movie, wanted to write something for it! The moonlight filters through the window, lighting a patch on the carpet, extraordinarily silvery that she senses specialness in the stark disc. Unexpectedly a shiver crawls down her spine. No not crawls, scrapes like something has suddenly come alive this Halloween night. Heat evaporates from her body as the night air stills, waiting for an unforeseen force. The unearthly feeling increasing to a waterfall down her body as beads of salty sweat erupt on her skin. Vaguely, she discerns from a distance a ragged, wet, breathless panting as if someone is trapped in a vacuum of air and the only amount left is in her dry lungs. Then, it hits her-it is her own. But why? Confusion penetrating the growing aura of fear and panic. Eyes-wide and frightened-darted across the room. Backstreet boy's poster on the wall-Teddy bears watching with beady eyes-The dresser where the remnants of their slumber party were cast in disarray upon the wood, . The haze was getting thicker, foggier like the shadows were coming for her. She tried to suck in a deep breath of cool damp air but then her nose was tickled with something musky-a foul odour that she could taste on her tongue. Tears prickle her eyes, not cool but hot as her throat clamps shut, a scream on the precipice-wild and unnatural. It slams into her with the will of a raging tiger, the unforeseen force that lurked on the corner of her field of vision was now upon her. A furious body of pain consisting of knives that tore into her and invisible teeth that ravaged her. Body thrashed violently, jerked with the energy that was fuelled by desperation and agony that sizzled on her skin to the point where she thought fire was burning her skin away. Something sharp brushed the corners of her eyes and she shut them in fear of knowing the next perverted desire. The vision flashed like the television set, filled with static and buzzing noise. Then, for a slow second a picture flickered and before she can place the scene it is gone, disappearing into more white fuzz. Or in her case, white-hit blinding pain. Their faces hovered over her, grotesque faces with twisted, unreadable expressions printed on them. Emitting childish giggles that had the undertone of madness and depravity. Their fingers were stubby but the zeal to which they put them to use had her yelling with no truer understanding of the meaning of torture. It was brutality, oozing from bottomless pits where their eyes could have been. But they didn't see through them, No it was for their victims to see their fate in the callous, tormented landscape mired with horrible death and the futility of life. Nothing- it was their state- vacant horror and hate-it was their experience and they meted it out fanatically. Her eyes swung open but the image did not leave her neither did the hoarse, pitiful wails that assaulted her ears. The mist- silvery mist- a barrier to her reality-alone she was alone-all alone with the anguish on her mind and body. Struggle-the detached part of her brain that could belong to him or her self-survival instinct commands her. She obeys-because she cannot imagine what else the decadent children have in store for her-because it is too excruciating to lie down and take it though strength has sapped from her limbs. So she attempts to arise-and that is the worst mistake she could have ever committed-the prelude to the worst horror of the night. Arctic fear trickles into her veins and pumps in her heart, slowly solidifying like molten lead until it weights heavily on her chest. The sound would forever haunt her-an auditory ghost-breathing-unnatural- rabbit-quick and rasping -wet with tears and definitely blood. Two years later, the town has held a vigil for every night leading up to the day of Halloween. Prayer by candlelight with faces bearing remote and shuttered expressions while moroseness hangs on their features. Nobody could render an appealing explanation or hold any living being culpable. Thus the whispers sifts from behind closed doors that it was the work of the supernatural, that the town was cursed by-its buried secrets. No muted mouth would be willing to be the first to admit that there were forces out of the control, a madman or a spectre of sorts that had escaped to another place where more damage could be done which could explain the lull. Time clicked slowly on the big wooden clock that hung for all to see on the town square. Every time a head would be raised to acknowledge the dent in time, a chilled quiver would descend their spines in different quantities-depending on what they believed in or they considered was real or the significance of the pernicious that was imbibed into Halloween. Rhonda hurried home, pumpkins balanced precariously on her wagon and they bounced with every bump on the road. Passersby with imagination would imagine them jumping for joy at their future in the girl's creative hands or destructive. Her face was mysteriously idle in its emotion and drawn with a sallow brush that left one thinking with ambiguous thoughts. Quiet and reserved-like everyone on her block. She passed the shrine dedicated to the children found in a desiccated mess at the bottom of the quarry. Pictures of Macy, Chip, Schrader and Sara were erected among a clutter of flowers, bears and written papers of sympathy. Did her noise wrinkle just a little as she passed the atmosphere tainted with sickly scents? Did her eyes blink from their lifelessness to show something akin to life? Her mouth curving with the barest hint of a sneer or smile-something inappropriate. If anyone saw her-they would be unsettled and watchful for the strange girl Rhonda Rhymes-the girl with the talent for knives on pumpkins was the harbinger of secrets and lies. And the first was the disguise of an innocent teen, a loner and a social misfit -no fault of hers. Rhonda walks to the edge of the cliff, taking the place of Macy, where she stood two years ago and narrated her tale of woe. Distinctly the brunette remembered that like the parents of the doomed children, Macy tolerated no sympathy or compassion, the aim was to sown the seeds of fear so the diabolical plot could be fulfilled. Rhonda allowed herself to feel a pang of sorrow-for the deserted children with souls that the town couldn't bring themselves to care about, willing them to graves clad with chains and false hopes. They would each receive an elegantly carved pumpkin for this Halloween and as for their victims, privileged brats born without a sense of decency-they would be left to rot. The netherworld hidden by the ignorance of mankind shines in her eyes and a smile surfaces, surreal yet welcoming to her sleeping friends-the creatures of the night. \"Hello!\" Rhonda turns in her own spin to address the source. The girl's face is colourless framed with curls that held a dull light-the blond lost in the sheen of white. \"My name is Juliet and I am new in town.\" Rhonda's heads moves in agreement and her dark eyes never leave the girl's features. Parenthesis as it was that the face lacked the normal paint of youth; lip-gloss, mascara and all the pretension that the youth were entitled to. \"What are you doing out here?\" The question had a little more force than was necessary but Rhonda could not be concerned for hurt feelings-or anything that did not fit into her scheme of things. Do not expect from the world and expect nothing back. Since that night, the words had been etched into her heart like a brand on a horse that spoke the name of the stable. \"I was going for a walk when I wandered out here\" Replying with a dimpled smile that couldn't be mistaken for anything but ambivalent, another misfit that didn't belong. \"Where I am exactly?\" Displaying a sheepish grin, embarrassed. \"You're in a place of pain!\" The deadpan note carrying on the chilly breeze letting one roll down the girls back as frigid as death. Eyes widened in shock, \"What!\" Her jaw dropped and she gave Rhonda a look sprinkled with disbelief. Rhonda nodded and began to narrate the story in a voice that was saturated in wry, icy dryness. After she was done, silence struck the girl mute. When she finally spoke her voice was a bit raw, \"So those three kids remains were found here!\" Taking a sharp indrawn gasp. Rhonda nodded gravely, her demeanour contributing to the movement in the atmosphere, something wicked and troubling like a graveyard with unmarked graves with the silent voices of the damned screaming in warning and antagonism. Rhonda saw it in her expression and it gave her a current of unbidden delight. Juliet opened her mouth starting to say something then shut it again. Finally gathering the courage, she said with a visible shudder, \"Would you like to come to my housewarming party?\" Rhonda blinked, surprised but her face retained its impassive mask. \"You want me!\" The words pronounced slowly from lips that were set to be reticent along with her mind. It was hard in the quarry, whose very air stunk of an overpowering stench of ominous turmoil, smothering with the intensity of a wet blanket that drips sour water down your nostrils-water boarding. \"Yes!\" Forcing a smile on her face, frozen with amicability, afraid to lose it before making a friend. \"Sure!\" The perpetual impassivity never flinching except the corners of her lips gave the barest twitch. Juliet tried to look pleased, failed and appeared somewhere close to a stiffened grimace. That night Rhonda trod the path that Juliet marked with her careful words and excited demeanour. The moon was fuller and glowing like a strange lantern that foreboded ill and menace. The translucent clouds roll onwards relinquishing their right to pander to the sky, even the stars felt their presence intruding. \"Not much further!\" Floating on the frosty breeze with no positive connotations but the nippy cold offered some reassuring touch. Rhonda conceded blindly to the fate the girl was presenting after what had happened last time, inhibitions had seized to control her unique spirit. The little doll with the knapsack had awoken a deeper comprehension within herself and there was no doubt that she was protected, she was in harmony with the night. The clearing was blazing with light, the flames charily soothed by the girls that cradled them on their hands. The sparks were reflected in their emotionless eyes that were devoid of their own heat and had some detached fascination about them. \"These are my friends!\" The array of light send warmth on to her face but it was less pleasant and more a sort of dull angry radiate. \"So, ready to party!\" She was ostensibly being friendly and affable but there was a thread of untruth that was almost alien. Rhonda felt herself shrinking into reticence, she attempted to draw a sound from her throat but nothing was emitted. Then finally it burst forth from deep within her gut, \"What is going on?\" Subdued by the general disquiet she shouldered. \"We are ready to play a game!\" As if her semi-sunny mood could dispel the turbulent emotions that gutted Rhonda. A sense of preservation told her to scatter but the dark curiosity invited her to experience, the kind that was the result of the notorious Halloween. \"What game are we playing?\" The question was directed at the crowd of silent onlookers whose quiet conduct was cooling the temperature in the atmosphere making it obscurely unnerving. A girl broke away from the group, her face mottled in shadow cast by the burn of absinthe fire. \"Whack the Piñata!\" Then her face was fitted with a smile of aloof appraisal while something sinister twirls in her eyes hidden under a guise. \"The piñata is ready, someone has to start!\" Her voice was like the dried rasp of autumn leaves that crackled when you stepped on them. \"Why don't you go first? Rhonda\" Rhonda's face tickled under the stress of her gaze. Juliet sounded so carefree but still, Rhonda could not go first, Something physical was stopping her. In her bones, screeching noiselessly in the subconscious of her mind while her conscious was teeming with unwarranted activity. \"I don't think so! It is your birthday-\"Despite the blanket of darkness, Rhonda could discern the disappointment registering on her face. \"Rhonda please you're the guest-I really would like you to go first.\" Said meaningfully, Juliet's eyes silver coins of persuasiveness. \"Yes Rhonda!\" Someone called from the gathering, with a pushing ring so like a cold air whistling through parched lips. Then the others jumped in with shouts of support, demanding of her. Rhonda gave in though the queasy shiver stretched through her numb body through layers of clothing. A blindfold tightened itself around her upper portion of her face, Beads of fear dotted her upper lip. She was spun around once, twice-her legs spinning on an axis but her mind remained occupied by the nerve-jangling awareness. The bat was placed in her hand then she was pushed forward and positioned. Something breathed into her ear, pouring pure sting of death into the hollow of her ear. Rhonda snapped. Lashing out with the plastic though it would do her no good. Her heart was beating in erratically, pounding in her ears to the tune of disorientated panic. Ten nine eight seven six five four three two one Her arms fell to her side as if they were made of stone. Muscles spasm in protest of any further movement. Her mouth is set in a mutinous line though she knows it is past the point o f return. She wants to stall-needs to stall but her hand rips off the cloth anyway. Breathing is rabbit-quick and heavy with apprehension into the static air as if there was something poised for an emergence. Throat felt paved with straw and her tongue was swelled with fear. The clearing was empty. No . Not absolutely deserted. Surrounding her were the crushed corpses of pumpkins. Jack-o-lanterns. She had destroyed the Jack-o-lanterns-the ensign of Halloween . She backs away, her heart caught in a vise, squeezing the air from her fractured lungs. Terror came, strong and overwhelming, rushing through her in a huge wave burying Rhonda with half formed realizations. Rhonda turned on her heel, the intention to escape hammering and drilling like a thousand insistent needles. She yearned to be in the safety of her home in the company her birthed toothy jack-o- lanterns, saluting her from their perch on the front yard. \"Rhonda-Leaving so soon!\" The voice, its bone-chilling consistency stronger than the razor-edge of the knife she had accidentally pricked herself this morning when carving pumpkins. It absurdly struck her that maybe it wasn't an accident. The pulsation grew to a roaring crescendo and skipped a beat. Rhonda turned around slowly, feigning some resemblance of blank control. Juliet was standing at the front of the gathering. Juliet or her phantom, watching her with smouldering eyes of absinthe fire as if the flames of hell were situated where cobalt eyes were supposed to be. Burning brightly with utter despise that provoked Rhonda to back away. She could never do more because she found herself arrested to the spot, her legs planted to the shrivelled grass. Confidence evaporated as if dipped in acid. For all her impervious and worship of Samhain and the creatures of it creation. It permeated into her hollows of her bones that she was not immune. \"I didn't do anything!\" A whisper that cracked and almost a pathetic plea. \"Really!\" And from the bowels there emerged a haunting, crass laugh. It sapped the strength of Rhonda's resolution to survive. \"You deserve to die-you deserve to suffer!\" The dubious tone that was sharpened with an acrid, ragged edge that loudly echoed in the clearing shaking the leaves on the branches. A quake undulated under Rhonda's skin, the heat leaching from the crevices of her body. \"After what you did to my brother! Schrader. You deserve no mercy.\" Spat out poisonously like the venom of a cobra. The crushed pumpkins flared to life, raising their crushed bodies from their graves into the air, a sickening vibration of impromptu dancing that displayed more dangerous intimidation than celebration. \"Schrader was your brother!\" Rhonda breathed dolefully, shock entwined. \"Yes!\" Snarled caustically, \"I felt everything those zombies did to him-they didn't just tear him apart-they violated him, chewed into him and force fed him his own sanity! Then started it again. It was too long before he was mercifully put to sleep.\" Anger and hate thundered in her voice, acrimoniously scathing with a simmering undercurrent of violence. Desperation threatened to boil over, dulling the voice in Rhonda's head that warned her to keep calm and use her wits to figure out a getaway. However, the future was looking impossibly bleak and narrow. \"We always had this twin telepathy. It made us special!\" Her tenor undertook a glib, explanatory tone. For a brief second, eyes blazed with revulsion at Rhonda, \"Until the day you killed him. I felt and heard every gory detail and what I could see-was you responsible! You let them die!\" \"NO!\" It burst from the tunnel of her throat, diluted with fear. \"I DIDN'T !I had to get away to get help!\" Loud, brash, cutting laughter rang into the sky. \"Don't think you can fool us, Rhonda!\" \"We know the truth!\" A voice declared different from Juliet's but just as deathly void of any traces of personality. \"You did this to us!\" \"I was so frightened! Rhonda!\" Juliet began again, \"So disorientated that I had to protect myself.\" Her tone hardened to cold, solid iceberg, \"I took a baseball bat to all my friends at the slumber party. Bashed their heads into the hello kitty rug. It was red, nobody could tell the difference between the brains and the colour. It decorated my walls too!\" The colour drained from Rhonda's face, her eyes captured by their collective stares of obdurate animosity. They took a collective forward. The darkness cleared to release a silvery light. It bathed them in a pallid shimmer. Rhonda chokes painfully and shuts her eyes, tasting bile, sour and burning at the back of her throat. They were shadowy profiles against a black turbid backdrop. They couldn't be speaking because their mouths were grey flapping skin, burnt around the edges. Tracing a pattern on their faces that bore the majority of warped destruction that was reciprocated in their eyes, halos of hell-fire. \"You did this to us! Rhonda\" They screech in unison, the noise similar to nails on a chalkboard. \"You let them die. You forced me to experience the agony of my brothers death. Now you will experience it in the very same ecstasy!\" Rhonda forces her body to move, made an extreme effort to save her doomed life but they are upon her in the blink of an eye. \"We are not zombies that we can physically torture you but mentally-You will posses our pain.\" The voice that could belong to Juliet resonated in Rhonda's head. The forceful possession engendering unbearable sensations shooting through his body like an electrical shockwave, smothering like a wet blanket. Intoning, almost singing, \"You are ours to break, Rhonda! You are ours to break!\" It takes a few pain-fogged moments before she realized she isn't in the forest any longer, she is in her bedroom. The pain ebbs and flows before disappearing. 'Maybe it was an ulser!' Thinks wildly. Then, giving in to the mad urge to look into the mirror, her trembling feet swallow the distance. The first thing she notices is the girls ashen facile, visible terror painting its own colour on her clammy skin. Relief temporary flooded her features then for some reason they tightened to cruelly intent. Rhonda gasped in horror at the calcification of her character. \"NoNO NO\" The implorations called by her mind grating on her nerves. From the corner of her eyes she spied the knife she had used to carve the pumpkins She shook her head vehemently, struggling to fight it. The darkness in her eyes deepened in hue until they were a bright golden. On its own accord, one eye winked, a sliver of warped mischievous derision. Her body surged with fear, the pain in lower belly swelled to sheeting agony. Rhonda crumpled to her knees, Tears strangling in her throat, constricting her chest, her body ablaze as if there was something working within her to claw their way out. Somewhere from the deep recesses of her mind engulfed in throes of anguish, a voice advised in cool tightness, \"This is far from the end, Rhonda! Better get used to it!\" ","Summary":" Liked the movie, wanted to write something for it! The moonlight filters through the window, lighti"},{"Movie":"Trick 'r Treat","Title":"Halloween Nights To Remember Forever","Author":"Nightshade2917","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12709471","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just a little short and sweet with a bit of heartwarming Halloween special story tonight that I've thought of after watching Trick 'r Treat. This is a Sam x Reader platonic relationship, so no romance at all. Sorry if you were expecting a little romance between you and Sam. It is in Sam's point of view but it is still in a way second person. Hope you all enjoy this short fic ^v^ POV: Sam Tonight was just like any other night on Halloween. All all of the houses were decorated with fake spooky, creepy, scary, and gory props. Well, almost all of them. There were a couple of houses that neglected in celebrating the spirit of all hallows eve. They even don't pass out sweets! I made sure that the owners never forget the rules for Halloween ever again or else their lives would be on the line. All of the children were running from one house to the next to fill up their bags with sweet delicious candy as well as the occasional toys and money. As usual, I would walk all alone or at least follow a group of kids in front of me so that I too can get my candy, preferably chocolate candy. But tonight was different than any of the Halloween nights I have experienced before. And because of that fateful night, I met and will always remember (y/f/n). There was this nice house at the end of the block in this one neighborhood I like to visit late at night on Halloween. It had some amazing decorations out in the front of as well as a few visible decorations inside that I can see. I reached up and rang the doorbell. Beautiful chimes went off from inside the house as I patiently waited for someone to answer. I waited for a minute or so before I thought they weren't coming out of the house to give me something sweet to eat. I was disappointed for a moment before I became slightly annoyed and angry. I was so annoyed that I was going to use my powers to force open the door and make them pay for not answering the door and giving out treats for trick or treaters. Hense the trick part in the saying as well as in the rhymes of that song for those who do not pay heed to the rules of Halloween. But, before I could even play my vengeful trick, I heard the most sweeties voice I have ever heard of in over two millennia. \"So sorry for the long wait, sweety,\" you said to me. I turned around to see the most mesmerizing human I have ever laid eyes on. You were roughly fourteen to fifteen years old wearing a stunning vampire costume that looked amazing on you. Your (h/c) and (h/l) shimmered underneath the light of the doorway as well as the waxing gibbous moon. Even your (s/c) glowed with health in your (b/t/a). Your (e/c) eyes stared at me will an apologetic look as well as concern for why I having taken any candy out of that Halloween decorated bowl in your hand. You smiled the most beautiful and charming fanged smile that I couldn't help but stare yet again. I had to blink before mentally shaking my head for being so enchanted by your voice and appearance. I sheepishly dug my hand into the bowl and picked out a Snickers fun size candy bar. Once I tossed the candy in my sack, I was making my way down the pathway and over to the next house when I heard it. \"Happy Halloween Sam! And come back next Halloween,\" you called out to me. I stopped dead in my tracks to look back at you, but you already closed the door shut. I just stood there on the pathway to your house for several long minutes that seemed to last for hours. In that moment, I became curious and intrigued by you that I chose to stay near your house until the witching hour has come and pass. Some trick or treaters came and went from your house as you answered and gave out the treats for them. Hours ticked by as it was nearing the hours that I must return home and wait for the next coming Halloween in a years time. I noticed that all of your jack-o-lanterns were still lit despite that it was almost eleven. By this time, all of the trick or treaters have gone home since it was a school night for most. Another hour had past and still, I haven't seen you come out to blow out the candles from the pumpkins. Now I had to go home or else my father would be looking for me, which is never a good sign. As I walked home, I thought about what you said and what you did and I have come to a decision. Since you seem to be following the rules of Halloween, I want to see if you will still practice them as well as remember me next year on Halloween. That night I went home and slept while thinking about you in my long slumber. A year has come and past and today I have awakened to be greeted by the new Halloween year. This time, I made sure to come to your house first so that I can start my second observation while also collecting candy from house to house along the way as I wait till I need to go home and sleep for another year-long hibernation. Walking up the familiar path, I rang your doorbell and waited to see you. \"Coming!\" I hear you shouting from behind the door. Your loud running footsteps came all the way until they halted by the door where you opened it up for me. I looked up at you to see that you were wearing another costume, but this time you were dressed up as (f/c/c) that I have never seen before. You were breathing in and out puffs of air from the short exercise. After you calmed your breathing, you said while grabbing the bowl of candy, \"Sorry that you had to wait, again, but here, take a piece of candy.\" I silently nodded as I took another chocolate candy. I made my way down the path while I heard you say, \"Happy Halloween Sam! See you next year!\" For the first time, I smiled that you remembered me from last year. I can't explain it, but ever since I met you I had this fuzzy warm feeling in my chest. At first, I didn't know what it was, but I do know now that it feels so good. It felt so good whenever I was around you that I can't wait until next Halloween and the year after that and the year after that for ages to come! And just like that, I made a vow to myself to come to your house first before going to the other neighborhoods in places and countries that celebrate Halloween. Ever since then, I came to your house where you would always be dressed up in a costume handing out treats while also abiding by the rules. Each year, you grew older and older were you became an attractive young adult. And each time you answer the door, you would always greet me in that lovely voice of yours. \"Oh! Well, hello there Sam! How are you this Halloween?\" \"Come to see me again, my friend?\" you giggled. \"I've been waiting to see you as well.\" \"Oh Hey! I got something special for you.\" You always handed me some kind of sweet chocolatey treat. \"Here, it's chocolate, your favorite candy. I hope you love it.\" And every time I would leave you would always say such kind words to me. \"Bye! Happy Halloween, my friend! See you next year!\" Even on Halloween nights that seem too bitterly cold for going around trick or treating. On that particular Halloween night, you let me inside your house. I rang your doorbell and waited for you to come. A brisk gust of icy cold wind came willowing and wisping by making the bare trees shake against the powerful force. Not many children were out in this fridged temperature, which I'll give them a pass this time since it was rather unexpected and out of the blue. The door opened as I heard you gasp in shock. I looked up to see you dressed in one of my most favorite Halloween costumes I have seen you were so far. You were dressed as a sugar skull person with beautiful (f/c) feathered wings. You looked like a sweet skeletal being sent by God with those angelic wings on your shoulders. \"Sam!? What are you doing out here?\" you asked me. I tilted my head in confusion at you for what you said. \"You must be freezing cold. Quick, come inside and warm up,\" you said while opening the door wider for me to come inside. I was shocked because nobody would ever invite me inside their house when it was like this kind of weather. For some reason, I oblige and went inside her house. Inside was nice and toasty compared to the cold outside. You ushered me to take a seat in a comfortable chair in the living room and make myself comfortable. Then you disappeared into the kitchen area. I waited in the seat for you as I took in everything that is there to see in your room. Everything looked so beautiful and appealing to me since it was mostly Halloween props and such. You came back caring a mug of steaming hot chocolate in your hands. \"Here, something to warm up your frozen body.\" I took it from your hands and carefully lift up my mask to drink the delicious warm drink you offered so kindly. You smiled so tenderly at me before saying, \"I always thought that offering someone a nice warm cup of hot cocoa was good for the soul.\" I stopped drinking to look up at you. I nodded in reply before drinking the rest of the cup and then handing it off to you. You took it from me and went back into the kitchen. When you came back, you had a candy bar in your hand. \"Here, a treat for you on this fridged Halloween night.\" I got up from the chair and took the candy from you. You smiled warmly at me as I gave you a nod of thanks before I made my way to your door. You made a small frown on your face as you asked, \"Leaving so soon?\" I nodded. You closed your eyes for a second and let out a sigh. \"Oh. Well, I guess you must be on your way now. There are so many houses to collect candy from as well as punish those who do not follow the rules.\" That grabbed my attention as I looked back at you in shock at how you knew what I do. \"You're wondering how I know this and what you do, right?\" I slowly nodded as I now watched you carefully. \"It was easy for me to figure out because you never seem to age or even change out of that costume. And I could only see you Halloween once a year.\" I've never realized that my frequent visits to your house would make you so keen on seeing that I was never a small human child wearing a costume. \"I knew from the moment that I met you that you weren't human, and I'm okay with that Samhain.\" My eyes were wide with shock that you used my full name and not my nickname. You started to laugh. \"I've figured that Sam was short for Samhain, right?\" I nodded again, now not knowing what to do. Barely anyone knew of my existence or what I am and this for the first time scared me because I don't want to kill you. You were my special human that pays attention to the rules. But most of all, you paid attention to me. I was conflicted about what to do now. I want to keep my identity a secret by killing you but I also want to keep you alive so that I could see you again next Halloween. \"It's alright, Sam.\" I looked up at you as you said, \"I will keep your identity a secret until my last breath.\" For some reason, hearing this made me feel relieved as if a weight was lifted. I was about to make my leave when you stopped me. \"Before you go, I want to give you something,\" you said to me before disappearing into another room. I waited for two minutes until I heard you coming back with something hidden behind your back. I tilted my head in curiosity as you revealed a long black an orange scarf with red, white, purple, and green designs on it. \"Something to keep you warm on this subzero Halloween evening.\" I held the fabric in my hands to feel its soft warm touch on my fingers. The designs and colors looked amazing and well thought of as I traced every last detail of it while you stood there and smiled lovingly at me. That's when I looked up at you in bewilderment. This was the first time that any human has ever given me a gift. Receiving one made me so happy that I instinctively went up to you and gave you a grateful hug. You laughed in amusement, rubbed my back tenderly, and said, \"I take it you love the gift then?\" I nodded vigorously into your stomach area for a moment longer before letting go of you. You then took the scarf and wrapped it around my neck and mouth area for me. I then walked to the door before stopping for a moment to look back at you and wave goodbye. You waved goodbye back to me and said those same words I love hearing from you. \"Happy Halloween Sam! See you next year!\" I nodded, opened the door, and left to go out for more trick or treating. After that incident, I went home to sleep and wait for Halloween where I would visit you again and again on each and every Halloween night. I would always wear that scarf you gave to me everytime I go out trick or treating in the cold as well as when I go to sleep. Years went by and I would always come and see you in your costumes. Sometimes you would tell me some minor details about your life like \"I finally got into (d/j)\" or \"I have a (boy/girl)friend\" and even \"By the way Sam, I'm married!\" I felt that the more I knew you, the more I felt that we were close friends. Friends...that's a word that I thought I would never think I would ever have or need in my immortal lifespan. But somehow, you just penetrated your way into my \"heart\" and I will always cherish it forever. One Halloween night, I came to your house like usual, but you weren't there. I saw a huge bowl of candy with the sign that read 'Please take one'. I didn't understand why you didn't come out to greet me and say 'Happy Halloween' like normal until saw a note on the door that read 'sorry I'm not here, baby's on the way'. This amazed me that you were having kids today of all days. I was both thrilled but saddened at the same time since I couldn't see you, but I was very happy for you none the less. So, I took a candy from the bowl and made my way to other houses down the block. Next year, I finally saw the baby or should I say, babies. You were dressed as some kind of pumpkin creature similar to me but different. You greeted me with that same smile of yours. \"Been awhile Sam. Sorry I couldn't see you last year. I was expecting our twins and then they just decided to be birthed on Halloween, so yeah. I had a dire emergency on my hands.\" I nodded before I heard a pair of babies crying out loud for their parent. You handed me the bowl for me to pick out the candy while you went off to get the twins. You came back and showed them to me. \"Here are my little pumpkins that are now in my life, Sam\" I looked to see that one was a boy and the other was a girl were both of them were wearing a costume similar to mine but a kid-friendly little pumpkin cap on their heads. \"I kind of named them after you. Meet Samuel and Samantha.\" The babies cued and looked at me as I looked at them for a few minutes before leaving. I waved at the family and made my way. More years went by as I saw you grow older and older until you were just a frail old elder wearing simpler costumes. Even so, you still greeted me the same at it always was. Each year I would notice how frail you've gotten as well as how much sicker you've become. It was to the point were even you usual 'Happy Halloween Sam! See you next year' would be ended up in coughing fits. That made me feel concern for you each year that I visited. Every night that Halloween would come to an end, I would think of you and your declining health were dread sinks in about will I see you again next year kind of feeling. But I didn't know that last Halloween was going to be the last time I get to see you, alive. Out of habit, I walked up to your familiar warm house to only see that there was no sign of activity. My \"heart\" sunk as I began to deny the truth. Maybe you're watching T.V. in the dark with no lights on I thought to myself as I checked every window to see that everything was covered in sheets. I went around the whole property to see nothing and nobody inside. The house looked cold and dead inside and out. I ended up standing dead still on the sidewalk in front of the house in disbelief. The wind outside picked up as it started to rain. The children shrieked in surprise as they all dashed and ran to find shelter from the start of a downpour. I just stood there like a statue staring at the ground. I couldn't believe that you were gone. Something warm and wet filled my eyes before they flowed down like waterfalls. Thunder cracked the sky as I bent my head back and gave out a God awful and unnatural scream in sadness, regret, sorrow, and remorse over you. I let the rain pour down on my body as I cried for not saying goodbye to you one last time. I must have stood there crying for hours upon hours before I felt a hand resting on my shoulders. I looked up to see my father. \"Son, I know that this situation hurts you in ways that I cannot even empathize with you,\" he said to me. I sniffled. \"But...but (y/n) gone!\" \"I know, but you must move on Samhain. Humans have short lifespans than us. They are born one moment and are gone the next.\" I lowered my head and hiccuped from crying so much. He patted my back lovingly. \"Now, let's go home,\" he said while taking my hand. As I walked away from the house I grew to love the human inside, I felt something under my foot. I stopped and picked it up. My eyes widened in awe and joy when I saw a candy bar, a chocolate candy bar. I put it in my bag as I swore I heard you say, \"Happy Halloween Sam. See you in the next life.\" I pulled the scarf closer to my mouth as I smiled knowing that I will never forget all of those Halloween years of your life that you impacted me so much. I especially will never forget you, (y/f/n). ","Summary":" Just a little short and sweet with a bit of heartwarming Halloween special story tonight that I've "},{"Movie":"Trick 'r Treat","Title":"My Friend Sam","Author":"Light Seeker 001","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13107797","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You're probably wondering, what is a kid doing in his backyard wearing a Dia de los Muerrtos costume, digging a hole with a handful off pumpkin seeds in his hands? Well, it all started a few hours ago... (!) \"What do you think, mom?\" Henry asked, inspecting the costume in the mirror. He was wearing a skull mask with a curly mustache, a black sombrero with silver flowers on it and a black serape with skull patterns on it. \"It's great, dear,\" the woman said. \"But I still think it's a bad idea.\" \"What, the costume?\" \"No. You going trick or treating without me. I still think it's not safe.\" \"It's all right, mom! I am going trick or treating with my friends! We'll be safe.\" His mother sighed. \"Well, all right. Do you have your flashlight?\" \"Yes, mom.\" \"And do you have your cell phone?\" \"Ugh. Yes .\" \"Don't take that tone with me, young man.\" \"Sorry.\" \"And remember, be back before midnight. I don't want to worry.\" \"Okay, mom! I gotta go!\" And he ran out the door. His mother sighed. \"Please be safe.\" (!) \"There you are,\" a witch leaning against a tree said. \"We were starting to get worried.\" \"Sorry, Sarah,\" Henry said. \"You guys know my mom. She nearly insisted on going with me again this year.\" \"Dude,\" a skeleton said. \"You have got to stand up to her.\" \"I just did, Chris.\" \"Yeah, but what if she changes her mind next year?\" \"Enough!\" shouted a goblin. \"Can we get to trick or treating already?\" \"Sure, Kevin,\" Sarah said. \"Come on, let's go.\" The four kids soon began their trick or treating, going to house to house, admiring the neighborhood's decorations, and other kids' costumes and most importantly, getting candy. The whole time, they were happy and enjoying themselves and not caring about anything in the world at the moment. \"You know,\" Sarah says as she and her friends stopped to take a break. They were sitting on a park bench as she continued, \"We really do take for granted where Halloween comes from. It's not always about getting candy and pumpkins. It's also harvest time.\" \"Harvest?\" Chris asked as he ate one of his Tootsie Rolls. \"Mmm-hmm. The Celts called it the festival of the harvest. It was the start of the year in our old Celtic lands, and we'd be waiting... in our houses of wattles and clay. The barriers would be down, you see, between the real and the unreal, and the dead might be looking in... to sit by our fires of turf. Halloween... the festival of Samhain! The last great one took place three thousand years ago, when the hills ran red... with the blood of animals and children.\" \"You just quoted that crappy Halloween III movie,\" Kevin pointed out. \"Well, there is some truth to it.\" \"Dude, no one cares about that anymore,\" Chris said. \"Now it's just candy, candy, candy!\" He laughed as he scoffed down a candy bar. \"Oh,\" Sarah said. \"Then I suppose I shouldn't tell you the three rules of Halloween.\" \"Three rules?\" Henri asked. \"What three rules?\" Kevin asked. \"Rule one: Always wear a costume. You must wear a costume to fool the ghosts and goblins. Rule two: Always give out candy. The dead demand food. Something sweet to eat specifically. It's in the song after all. And rule three: never blow out a jack-o-lantern before midnight. To blow out a candle before midnight means Halloween is not over and you're inviting the ghosts and goblins into your house.\" \"Superstitious bastard,\" Chris scoffed. \"Guess which movie that line is from.\" \"The Mummy with Brendan Frasier. And it's not superstitious. It's a way of life!\" \"Whatever.\" \"Come on, come on,\" Kevin said. \"Can we just go to the next house?\" \"Sure. I'm well rested enough.\" The four kids walked down the street, looking for more houses to go get candy from. They soon came to a more darker part of the neighborhood they had never been before. There were no lights save for the jack-o-lanterns that were placed on the fences and front porches and there were no people at all. \"Where is everybody?\" asked Kevin. \"Must not be a popular spot for trick or treating,\" Chris said. \"Which means more candy for us.\" \"I don't know,\" said Sarah. \"Something about this place...doesn't seem right.\" \"Come on, Sarah. Where's your sense of fun?\" \"Let's just go,\" Henry said. \"I am tired of you guys arguing.\" They were just about to head for the first house on the left, when they heard someone walking behind them on soft feet. They turned around to see a little boy wearing the simplest costume ever: he wore ragged orange pajamas and a burlap sack with a single button eye and a single triangular eyehole, three strands of yarn for hair and a stitched mouth. \"Cool costume, kid,\" Chris complimented. \"I don't think I've seen anything like that one before. Did you make it?\" The boy said nothing. \"You coming here to trick or treat?\" The boy said nothing, but nodded. \"Cool! The more the merrier! And from the look of this neighborhood, this place could be a whole lot more merrier.\" \"Hey, I got an idea,\" Kevin said. \"Since there are no people here, why don't we split up and get more candy that way?\" \"I don't know,\" Henry said. \"Won't we run into someone bad if we split up?\" \"We'll have our flashlights with us,\" Chris said. \"Just give them a few bashes on the head with them and they'll run off.\" \"Well...\" \"Cool. So, let's meet back at that tree where the kid in the orange pajamas...hey, where did he go?\" \"Uh,\" Sarah pointed to where the kid was, at a house already trick or treating. \"I think he's ahead of the game.\" \"Oh, we'll see about that. Game on!\" And so the kids split up and started knocking on doors and ringing bells as fast as they can. Some received candy even before they could say \"Trick or treat!\" while others just had the door slammed on their faces. Yet, there was one thing the people in this neighborhood had in common: they all looked like they had seen a ghost. A real one in this case. (!) \"Whoo!\" Chris said several minutes later, hauling a fat sack of candy. \"I don't know about you guys, but I think that was the best neighborhood ever! Even if these people aren't exactly that creative in the decoration department.\" \"I don't know,\" Sarah said. \"There seemed to be a really creepy vibe here. Like everyone was expecting us. Why else would they be so quick to give out so much candy?\" \"Ah, you're just being paranoid,\" Chris said again. \"Anyway, I got the biggest haul...and...\" He stopped speaking when he saw the kid walking up to them, carrying a huge sack of candy; so huge, the kid was carrying it in a wagon. \"Where...where did you get that wagon?\" \"Forget the wagon,\" Kevin said. \"How the heck did you get more candy than we did?!\" He was practically green with envy. \"Well, it's getting late,\" Henry said. \"We might as well go back home.\" \"Yeah,\" Chris said. \"Although,\" he added, eyeing the huge sack in the pajama kid's wagon. \"It would be nice if you share some of that.\" \"Hey, kid,\" Henry said. \"Would you like to come over to our house, exchange candy?\" The boy tilted his head to the side, tapped his chin, then nodded. \"Great.\" \"We're going to eat so much candy,\" Sarah said. \"The dentist will have a field day!\" As the kids walked back home, they didn't realize someone was following them. (!) \"By the way,\" Henry said to the boy in pajamas. \"We didn't catch your name. My name's Chris. This is Kevin, Sarah and Henry. We're the best trick or treaters in the neighborhood. Although, that title now belongs to you.\" The kid whispered something. \"What was that?\" The kid whispered again, slightly louder. \"Sam?\" The kid nodded. \"Nice to meet you, Sam.\" \"I tell you,\" Chris said, patting his bag. \"I am going to eat until I puke!\" \"I'll drink to that,\" Sarah said. \"You're too young.\" \"It's an expression.\" Suddenly, a deep, gruff voice said behind them, \"Hey, you.\" The kids looked around to see a dirty, bearded man wearing rags behind them. \"Watcha doing here all alone?\" \"Trick or treating, duh,\" Chris said, pushing the younger kids behind him. \"And we're done, so we're going home.\" \"Well, I got some candy for you.\" Sam tugged the wagon in front of the man and held out the bag. \"Sam?\" Sarah called out. \"I don't think that's a good idea...\" Indeed it wasn't. The man instantly pulled out a knife and pointed it at the boy. \"Now, you come with me, right now, all of you!\" He instantly grabbed Sam and took off running down a dark alley. \"Sam!\" the kids shouted. Henry instantly took after the man, not caring he was twice his size and armed with a deadly weapon. His new friend was in danger! However, he was stopped by Chris. \"What do you think you're doing?!\" \"I have to help him,\" Henry said. \"Who knows what that psycho is doing to him?!\" Suddenly, there were sounds of fighting and screaming. The kids held their breath, assuming the worst. Then, soft footsteps could be heard, walking toward them. Chris stepped forward and pointed his flashlight at the alley. All he could see was Sam, the stitched mouth of the mask torn open. \"Sam,\" he said, reaching for him. \"You okay?\" The kid nodded. \"Okay, maybe we should go home right now.\" \"Yeah,\" said Kevin. \"I've had enough excitement for one night.\" \"Hey,\" Henry said. \"Can you not tell mom what happened? I think she'll be my trick or treating partner for the rest of my life if you did.\" \"Deal,\" said Sarah. (!) When the kids got to Henry's home the first thing they did was empty their huge sacks of candy. \"Oh, man, this is going to be the best,\" Chris said, already stuffing his face with the candy. \"Easy,\" Kevin said. \"One at a time. You don't want to get sick before Halloween is over.\" \"Don't tell me what to do,\" Chris said as he stuffed his mouth. \"If anything, you should tell that to Sam there.\" He pointed to the kid in orange pajamas. \"I mean, there's no way any human being can eat all that candy in one sitting!\" He laughed as he ate one chocolate bar. Suddenly, he stopped laughing. He made a few faces before he stuck a finger in his mouth to pull something out. What he saw horrified him and his friends: a thumb tack. Suddenly Sarah snapped her fingers. \"Now I remember! It wasn't three rules! It was four rules! Rule number four: always check your candy!\" The kids looked at their candy and at each other. \"I suddenly don't feel like eating candy right now,\" Henry said. \"Yeah, me too,\" Chris said. \"In fact, I might have to go to the hospital. I'm going home first.\" \"Yeah, me too,\" Sarah and Kevin said. \"It's getting late anyway.\" (!) So, everyone left. All except Sam, who was busy eating his own candy. \"Wow,\" Henry said. \"That was one crazy Halloween. Note to self, never go down that neighborhood again. What about you, Sam? When are you going home?\" No answer. \"Sam? At some point you have to go home.\" No answer. He began to think he was ignoring him on purpose. \"Hey, you know, you don't have to be so rude just because you got more candy. Dude!\" No answer. Having had enough, Henry pulled the boy's mask off. What he saw made him so scared, he forgot to scream. Instead of a human head, the thing in orange pajamas had a fleshy jack-o-lantern for a head. Sam, this thing, glared at him and reached into his pocket. He pulled out a huge pumpkin lollipop with a bite mark in it...and stabbed himself in the head with it. Henry's face turned green in the face as the monster disguised as a human boy carved a circular hole in his head, reached in to remove a handful of pumpkin innards instead of brains, and placed some seeds into his hand. \"Plant them,\" he said in a ragged voice. Hesitantly, Henry nodded. With that, Sam took his bag and walked out the door. (!) And now, here we are, a boy digging some holes to plant some pumpkin seeds, waiting for the day Sam will come back on the next Halloween season. Trick r' Teat! ","Summary":" You're probably wondering, what is a kid doing in his backyard wearing a Dia de los Muerrtos costum"},{"Movie":"Trick 'r Treat","Title":"The Little Creeper","Author":"treacherous-decepticon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6903371","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -Fandom: Trick 'r Treat -Character(s): Sam, Teenager -Summary: She had seen many costumes that night, but this one had to be the most frightening. -Disclaimer: I do not own anything. This is fanmade and I am in no way making money off of this, so do not sue me, damnit. She had played her music too loud, or maybe she hadn't gotten the perfect grade on her Algebra test, possibly something else that teenagers were not allowed to do, but for whatever reason, she was grounded. Her parents gave her strict orders that she was not to leave the house, have a party, and especially not invite a soul over. She was to sit on the porch with a bowl of treats and hand them out, her mother's stern expression let her know that if she didn't follow these commands then she would be grounded until she was thirty. She was not ready for something like that, so the teenager sat on the top step most of the night while handing out treats to all the ghouls and goblins that showed up. She had seen all kinds during the night, none that really caught her attention or disturbed her in the slightest. Most were rather overused and becoming far too dull, she had seen at least a million vampires and fiends, then when nine rolled around, something happened. A princess and a ghost were standing on her steps, their treat bags hanging upward as the princess gave a grin that gave a visible view of her teeth, one of those pearly whites missing. The teenager could tell, as she plucked two treats out of her bowl and placed them in the bags, that the pair were no older then eight and shouldn't be out on their own. Still, they weren't her responsibility so she just smiled and gave them the cliche \"Happy Halloween\". The girl thanked her before the duo took off down the steps and laughed the whole way to the street. That was when she saw it. A child, probably no older then seven, standing at the bottom of her steps. Clothed in orange pajamas, this little one wore a mask made of a burlap sack with buttons for eyes. Not many things frightened the teenager, but there was just something about this youth that made chills run up and down her spine. She almost flinched as he stalked his way up the steps, tugging a dirty old sack behind him, then stood in front of her and lifted it, wanting some treats. \"Cute costume,\" she commented quietly as she reached into her bowl, pulling out a candy bar. She didn't receive a reply from the strange child and she almost wanted to shove the bucket at him, then run into the house and lock the doors. She didn't though, just dropping the sweet into his bag and forced a smile. \"Happy Halloween, kid. Be safe, alright?\" The child tilted his head and stared at her, not that she could really tell but she could almost sense it. There was a giggle, or maybe a cackle, possibly just her imagination, then the youth nodded his head. He turned swiftly and seemed to skip off the porch, dragging that old sack behind him without a care in the world, it seemed. She just sat there watching, observing the unnatural movements of the little one that was now mingling in with the other children that raced down the sidewalk. He disappeared, she could have swore as she felt another shiver race up her spine, muscles twitching as she shook her head. Of all the ghouls and goblins that showed up that night, that one had to have been the most frightening of them all and she couldn't figure out why. She did not get to linger on the idea of the strange child long, as she noticed a group of youths coming up the sidewalk. She glanced down at her bowl to see it empty, frowning, she glanced back up at her guests with a meek look. \"Sorry guys, I'm out, but if you wait a second I can run in and get some more.\" \"You don't have to,\" the blond girl, the teenager knew her as Macy because she ran around with the fair haired child's older sister. \"If you let us have one of your Jack O' Lantern s, we'll call it even!\" \"Alright, if you say so,\" the teen replied as she stood. She gave a smile as she turned, readying to go to the door because she needed to get more candy anyway. \"Just make sure you don't blow out the light before Midnight!\" She almost laughed as Macy murmured something under her breath, probably grabbing one of the many Jack O' Lanterns that sat on the steps. She opened her front door and nabbed the extra bag of chocolate bars, dumping them into the bowl as she turned to the street. She watched the group stalk off down the sidewalk, to their next stop, and her heart almost stopped. There, standing next to the large oak tree, watching them, was the small child in orange. She felt her skin pickling as the head of the youth turned, those button eyes staring right at her. Then, another group of children raced by, blocking her view for a slip second and seemed to take the image with them. Moving back to her seat, she sat with the bowl on her lap, keeping an eye out for the stranger which didn't seem to return again. Or at least, until her parents returned and took over her shift, sending her back to her room. Until her mother blew out a Jack O' Lantern at exactly eleven. That was the end of her Happy Halloween. End Note: I know its not wonderful, but I wanted to try something different then the drabbles lurking on my computer. I was watching the movie last night, and this just came to me while I was watching Wicked Little Things . I always thought that Sam 's costume wasn't frightening, it was just creepy . I wanted to get that into this drabble, but I don't think it worked. And yes, that annoying little troll, Macy , is in this. Enjoy. Feel free to review, give constructive criticism but no flames. I'm posting to become more aware of my flaws and work on them. :) ","Summary":" -Fandom: Trick 'r Treat -Character(s): Sam, Teenager -Summary: She had seen many costumes that nigh"},{"Movie":"Trick 'r Treat","Title":"Down With The Witch","Author":"Robot Zombie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7122285","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Swinging her legs back and forth, Leah swayed with the music that played gleefully from her earpieces. A candy bowl sat on her lap and a snickers bar was currently being unwrapped, then once that task was complete, was popped between cherry colored lips. She barely paid any mind to the children that raced up and down the street, laughing and carrying on like youngsters do on Halloween. She had nearly forgotten if it wasn't for the fact that her mother forced her to stay home, until they got home, and hand out candy. The ghouls and goblins didn't stop at this house because, well, let's be honest, Leah was a bitch and everyone in the town knew it. Even if they did stop, she'd sneer at them and shove one mini-candy bar at them, then tell them to get out of her sight. That was just how the story went, every year since she was declared too old to trick or treat and was left to hand out the goodies. Her mother tried to explain to her there was no need to act like a spoiled brat but there was no getting through to the future beauty queen turned trashy street walker. The future didn't look good for her, in everyone's honest opinion. Another opinion of the town was that the costume the girl wore, that of a witch, fit her perfect . Popping another candy bar into her mouth, Leah toyed with her music player for a moment before she heard gentle footsteps coming up the tiny staircase. She rolled her eyes and turned them to the poor soul that dared arrive. Her nose wrinkled cruelly at the sight of a small child; orange pajamas, a burlap sack with button eyes for a mask. The puny child tilted his head and held up a ratty sack lifted in the air, obviously wanting some of the goodies that the queen bitch of the street was hogging out on. A dirty look was given before the teenager swung her legs over the railing to face the kid better. \"What are you supposed to be,\" she questioned crudely. The child didn't speak, only straightened up and stared at her. She rolled her eyes and held the bowl closer to her middle. \"You know, you're supposed to say Trick or Treat.\" Nothing. She narrowed her eyes and stretched out her leg, meaning to kick the child with her high heel. \"Hey, I'm talking to you, freak!\" A hand was soon wrapped around her ankle, inhuman strength ripped her right off her seat and landing her on the porch. She screamed out in pain as her rear hit the wooden floor, her ankle twisting under her with a sickening crack. \"What the hell,\" she hissed and slapped the child upside the head. His head shifted to the side but nothing else seemed to happen, his fingers still wrapped around her limb. She shrieked, \"Let me go!\" He released her but sat on the porch, his sack still lifted in the air. She growled and limped to her feet, favoring her possibly broken ankle. \"What's the matter with you? Are you fucking insane or something,\" she shouted angrily at him. \"Where the hell are your parents? I want to talk to them!\" The child just lifted his sack higher, saying nothing to the ranting teenager. \"No! I'm not giving you any fucking candy!\" His head inclined with sickening speed, twisting to the side. The teen hopped backwards, trying to keep pressure off her injury. \"Get the hell off my porch,\" she warned lamely. \"I'll call the police!\" He stepped forward, a tiny one but enough to make the girl scream bloody murder. \"Get the hell away from me!\" He didn't. If anything, her exclamation seemed to trigger him to launch his tiny body forward, the gleam of a pumpkin shaped lollipop in his hand and sack long abandoned at the front of the porch. Screams of the teenager were ignored, thought to be that of a prankster or just her being her bitchy self. o-o-o-o-o-o I don't know where this came from. I was just sitting here, looking through my documents for my fanfictions that have been laying around since last year, and I got a plot bunny. I didn't even bother getting it beta'ed by my beta-reader. ","Summary":" Swinging her legs back and forth, Leah swayed with the music that played gleefully from her earpiec"},{"Movie":"Trick 'r Treat","Title":"School Bus Massacre Revisited: What Happened?","Author":"BackgroundRobot-11","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6150041","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ahem, welcome to The School Bus Massacre Revisited: What Happened? First of all, I do not own Trick 'r Treat, Season's Greetings (the short film on which Trick 'r Treat is based on) or any of the characters that are associated with the two films. Now, this is a little different for this section, as currently, there are no other comedies or parodies here, so I hope people still like it. Due to the ambiguity of what happened in the quarry to the pranksters during this particular segment, I will be offering a comedic retelling of it, which I hope will be well received/ Well, now that we have that out of the way, I would like to ask people to please enjoy, remember to review when you've finished with the story, and thank you for reading! Macy, Chip Sara and Schrader ran as they heard the demonic children slowly approach them. Suddenly, Sara felt a sharp tug and was sent sprawling. She then felt herself being roughly dragged back. What's-? The chains! The God damn chains! Sara thought as she realised that the chains on her costume had provided the creatures the perfect way to snatch her. \"Help me! Help me!\" Sara shrieked as the creatures dragged her back further. Macy turned as if to help her, but was held back by Schrader, who then broke into a run. \" No! Get out!\" Sara heard Schrader shout. Oh thanks a lot Schrader you bastard! Sara thought angrily as the victims of the bus massacre loomed over her. Sara whimpered as one of them, face covered by a vampire mask, reached towards her, claws open and grasping, ready to- \"Candy?\" Sara froze, had that thing just spoken? \"Candy?\" The creature repeated, holding out its outstretched hand. \"Uh…huh?\" A severely confused Sara asked as the so called monsters stood over her. \"Have you got any candy? We're kinda hungry.\" The Vampire clad zombie said. \"S-so, you're not going to eat me?\" Sara asked as she struggled to get into a sitting position. \"No…where would you get an idea like that?\" The vampire asked. \"Uh…well, it is something of a zombie stereotype…\" Sara explained carefully, hoping not to offend the ghouls. \"Well, we're not technically zombies, we're waterlogged corpses.\" The vampire boy clarified. \"Um, ok…but why did you attack us?\" \"Oh that, well we were supposed to beat up the one who kicked that jack-o-lantern into the lake, the boss told us to.\" The vampire said. Sara balked \"What? That's why you were chasing us? Because Macy kicked a jack-o-lantern into the lake? I thought it was because…uh, you know what? Never mind…\" Sara trailed off, hoping the water logged corpses didn't catch on. The vampire boy rubbed his chin thoughtfully \"Hmmm, in retrospect, that does seem kind of petty…wait, what were you going to say?\" Sara shook her head \"Uh nothing…so, I'm free to go?\" \"Hmmm? Oh, yeah, sure, just remember not to kick any pumpkins on your way out, ok?\" The vampire asked. Sara picked herself up and dusted off her costume \"Gotcha, no kicking pumpkins.\" Sara turned to leave, when her curiosity got the better of her \"Say, um…what do you guys look like under your masks?\" The vampire seemed surprised by the question \"Huh, you know, so very few people have actually ever asked us that question before…you sure you want to see?\" Sara hesitated and thought about it, before answering \"Sure, why not?\" \"Ok…\" The vampire said, before he slowly removed his mask. Sara stood rooted to the spot for about four seconds, groaned and then collapsed. The vampire stared at Sara's collapsed form for a minute, before cursing \"Shit! Why the hell does that always happen?\" Beside him, the fat rabbit boy shrugged. Meanwhile, at the lift, Rhonda had locked herself inside of the elevator as Chip, Macy and Schrader pounded on the steel gate, begging to be let in. Suddenly, behind them, eight shapes came into being, surrounded by mist. Seeing this, the three in the quarry pounded in the gate harder. \"Please Rhonda!\" \"Let us in!\" \"Please! It's not a joke!\" Rhonda paused for a minute, and made as if to unlock the elevator…and then pushed the up button. \"No Rhonda, please! Look at me!\" Schrader pleaded as the elevator slowly began its descent, but to no avail. Chip turned to see that the zombies were slowly advancing on them \"Shit! Macy, this is all your fault!\" Chip accused. \"Me? How the hell is this my fault?\" Macy asked, enraged that that little brat Chip would dare accuse her of anything. \"This was all your idea! \"Oh, let's go play a trick on the autistic girl, it'll be fun!\" you suck!\" Chip shouted as the undead hordes approached them. \"Candy…\" The vampire boy said, reaching out with one hand. However, because of all the arguing, only Schrader heard him. \"Uh, guys?\" Schrader asked hesitantly, not quite believing what he had heard. \"You stupid-!\" Chip shouted. \"Guys?\" Schrader persisted. \"Fat little-!\" Macy snarled, baring her teeth. \"Candy?\" \"Guys! Will all of you just shut up?\" Schrader shouted, suddenly silencing all present, before turning to the vampire \"Ok, you go!\" \"Thank you.\" The vampire boy said, stunning Chip and Macy \"What I was saying was, have you got any candy?\" \"Uh…over there…\" Chip muttered, pointing next the elevator, not taking his eyes off of the zombies. \"Thank you.\" The zombie said, as he and his fellows made towards the bags. \"Wait, you're not going to-! Oh God! They're eating the candy!\" A horrified Chip screamed out as the zombies ripped open the bags and began stuffing their faces. \"Aaaahhhh!\" Macy screamed as she saw a zombie eat on of her chocolates. \"Oh God! Please no!\" Schrader shrieked. \"Oh God! My leg!\" Chip shouted as he saw a tall zombie dressed as a demon gnaw on one of his caramel coated chocolate legs \"Somebody! Please help me!\" At the mouth of the quarry, Rhonda smiled, it sounded as if those bastards were getting a taste of their own medicine. Finally, after what seemed like an agonising time, the zombies stopped and faced the trio. \"Well, now that we have that out of the way, which one of you is the one known as…Macy?\" The zombie vampire asked. The group regarded him in stunned silence. After a period of silence, the vampire boy sighed \"Right, shall I assume that it's the short, fat one then?\" The vampire asked, pointing to Chip. Chip looked startled, a look which quickly shifted to fury \"Hey! I am not fat you flesh eating bastard!\" \"Quiet! Don't antagonise them!\" Schrader hissed. \"No, no, quite alright, we get that quite a lot, so we're used to it. Now…which one of you is Macy?\" The vampire reassured, shaking off Chip's insult. \"The blonde bitch!\" Chip said, pointing at Macy. \"Oh, well, I have some good news, and I have some bad news…\" The vampire asked. \"What's the good news?\" Schrader asked. \"Well, you're all free to leave.\" The vampire boy replied. \"And the bad news…?\" Macy asked nervously. \"Oh, that…we have to beat the hell out of you.\" The vampire said calmly. Macy paused \"…What?\" \"Yeah, see, the boss says that you need to be punished for kicking that pumpkin into the lake, so we gotta beat you…sorry, nothing personal or nothing.\" The vampire explained apologetically. \"Isn't that a little petty?\" Schrader asked. \"Yeah, pretty much.\" The vampire answered with a shrug. \"Uh, and me and Chip? Are we free to go?\" Schrader asked. \"Sure…oh, wait, you might want to take this with you.\" Vampire boy said, before fat rabbit and tall demon threw the still unconscious form of Sara at the pair. \"Ugh…thank you…\" Chip said weakly as he and Schrader lay under Sara's form. \"Right, they seemed nice…\" The vampire said, and his comment was met with a generally positive murmuring, before they all turned on Macy \"Now, for you.\" Sara, Chip, Schrader and a bruised and beaten Macy all stood close to each other, on a set. \"Well, I think we all learned a little something today.\" Chip said. \"Yeah, I learned that it's perfectly ok to play cruel pranks on your autistic friends, so long as you don't kick pumpkins into quarry lakes, in which case, you're pretty [CENSORED].\" Macy muttered as she leaned on her crutch. \"Uh, Macy, I don't think that's the lesson at all.\" Schrader interjected. \"Oh shut up!\" Macy snapped \"You ran off with lard ass and head gear while I got beat up by a bunch of flesh eating freaks! You can just piss off!\" \"Head gear?\" An indignant Sara asked, glaring at Macy. \"Hey! I take offence to lard ass!\" Chip complained. \"Aw shut up!\" Macy snarled. \"Well, I'm just glad I got some characterisation.\" Sara muttered. \"Yeah, no joke there, on forums, the sympathy list always goes, Rhonda, Me, Chip, Macy and then you…not because you're necessarily a bad person, just because you got less lines than the rest of us!\" Schrader broke in, earning him a glare from Sara. \"What? Schrader, shut the hell up! You tried to leave me back there, you asshole, why the hell are you the sympathetic one?\" Sara snapped. \"And they never know your name.\" Chip added, ignoring Sara's comment. \"Screw you guys.\" Sara muttered, as she turned and walked off the set \"And what the hell kind of name is Schrader anyway?\" \"Uh, well, I guess that's our cue to exit. Good night everybody!\" Schrader said, waving to the camera as he and Chip walked off, following Sara. Macy could only groan, before collapsing. \"Help…me…\" And end of the story. Well, I hope that everyone enjoyed that, as was my intention. But before my conclusion, no offence is intended to anyone who has autism, I in no way support that \"lesson\". Anyway, has anyone ever noticed how little Sara gets mentioned in forums whenever people mention the segment \"The School Bus Massacre Revisited\"? People always fawn over Rhonda and Schrader, they absolutely hate Macy (and with perfectly good reason, in my opinion) and Chip feeds off some of the sympathy scraps, people claiming that he was forced into the prank by Macy (probably true) whereas poor Sara barely gets a mention. Well, I felt sorry for her, so I expanded her role a bit in this story, where she's much more sane compared to her friends. Ahem, well, I hope that you enjoyed the following story, please remember to write a review, I do accept constructive criticism, and finally, thank you for reading. ","Summary":" Ahem, welcome to The School Bus Massacre Revisited: What Happened? First of all, I do not own Trick"},{"Movie":"Trick 'r Treat","Title":"Freaks Galore","Author":"Quincygirl93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6985760","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Freaks Galore Trick r Treat Summary: I wasn't expecting this to happen. I wasn't expecting my enemies dead body to show up on my doorstep either. I also wasn't expecting to see the little kid in orange pajamas and a flour sack over his head at the end of my driveway, giggling to no end. Halloween in the town of Richlands usually wasn't so bad. I mean, small town with a bunch of teenagers who just want to have some fun? Not much of a shocker when several are found in the morning, drunker than a hobo. Of course, here I was sitting in Pre-Calculus, waiting ever so patiently for the bell to ring. I sighed, twirling a lock of long auburn hair between my fingers. 'Just another thirty second and I'm home free.' I grinned, doodling on my notebook of a little kid in pajamas, flour sack with a face sewn in over his head and holding a dirty burlap sack in one hand, a lollipop in the other. I had seen this kid many times before, especially in Warren Valley. My grandmother used to live there before she passed away. Every chance I got to spend with her was always treasured, even her stories of Halloween and it's rules. 'And I always make sure I follow them.' I grinned again, jumping slightly as a paper-ball hit the back of my head. I turned and glared at the blonde behind me, giggling with her friends as though it was the funniest thing ever. She glanced over at me, flashing one of her infamous innocent looks. I turned back around, staring out the window at the empty parking lot. 'Ten seconds...' Another paper-ball hit me, tumbling to the floor and landing next to a boy with wide rimmed glasses. He looked over at me, then to the blonde and rolled his eyes. BRING! I grinned, grabbing my things and racing out to my locker. I was almost there when I was pulled down to the floor, yelping in pain as my bottom made contact with tile. The blonde smiled down at me before strutting away to her boyfriend, lip-locking with him as soon as she made contact with his body. I got up, flipped him the bird, then ran down to my locker before he could catch me. I quickly spun the combination, then smacked my locker twice. It opened without a hitch and I slammed my stuff inside, grabbing my keys from the rack on the door. I was grinning and humming 'This is Halloween' as I walked to my car, a bright orange punch buggy with removable top. In the passenger seat was a paper shopping bag filled with an assortment of sweets, each handmade with care. 'Boys and girls of every age, wouldn't you like to see something strange? Come with us and you will see, This, our town of Halloween.' I sang, glancing at the picture of my grandmother tucked above the radio. I sighed sadly, turning the radio on to the same song I had been singing. \"Damn whores, get the fuck out of the way!\" I shouted, slamming on the brakes just as I was about to hit the blonde. She glared at me, then strutted across to her friends. \"Keep that ass of yours off the road or I'll run it over!\" After flipping her the bird, I drove home. It doesn't take alot to spookify my house, since I live next to a cemetery. Though the house itself is old, it's still stable. Built in the 1800's, it's seen alot of things. And I don't mean normal things either. The front door has large claw marks, the walls were once covered in dry blood, and there was a rotten candy smell coming from the kitchen. Turned out that the smell wasn't rotten candy; I'm not going to go into detail either. But, I still call it home. I was just about to open my front door, when an egg hit one of the windows next to me. I turned and glared at the blonde and her friends, a large brown carton in hand. \"You harass me at school, now you torture me on my own property. You better get the fuck out of here or I'm calling the cops, Hayley.\" She didn't seem to take a hint, for she threw another one at me. This time, it hit the door just as I slipped inside. \"Fucking whore.\" I muttered, placing the bag of treats next to the door. I pulled a packet of cigarettes out of my pocket and lit one, inhaling the familiar scent of nicotine. The door creaked open and I could see a fake tanned hand reach into the bag of treats. \"Never learn, do ya?\" I muttered, pressing the door shut on the hand with my weight. I grinned as I got a shriek of pain for an answer, the hand dropping a caramel apple before slipping back out. Hayley glared at me through the window, then knocked on my door. \"Trick-r-Treat, freak.\" She said, holding out her hand as if expecting something. \"You're supposed to wear a costume, whore. Oh, wait, you're already wearing one. Sorry, I couldn't tell because you look like a mask every single day of the year.\" I handed her the caramel apple, \"Have a Happy Halloween.\" \"Screw you, FREAK !\" Hayley huffed before strutting down to her friends, nearly getting run over again by a silver volvo as it drove by. \"I hope she gets what's coming to her.\" I growled before walking into my house to change into my costume. What I didn't expect was that my wish was about to come true. \"TRICK-R-TREAT!\" A small bunch of kids shouted, holding out their bags for candy. I grinned, reaching into my bag and handing them a small treat bag each. \"Thanks Lady!\" One of the kids shouted, racing off to catch up with his parents. \"Happy Halloween!\" I waved to them, trying so hard not to reach into my pocket and pull out another cigarette. \"These kids are draining me of candy. Good thing I have plenty more.\" I was just about to shut the door when I spotted him. The kid from my drawing, walking up to my front door. He stood patiently as I pulled out another treat bag, snatching it as soon as I gave it to him. \"Happy Halloween.\" He turned back to me, then pointed to the welcome mat. I looked down and shouted in surprise. There sat the head of Hayley Barber, her face frozen in mid-scream. ","Summary":" Freaks Galore Trick r Treat Summary: I wasn't expecting this to happen. I wasn't expecting my enemi"},{"Movie":"Trick 'r Treat","Title":"The Guardian Of Halloween","Author":"DarkRose66","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5669663","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sam I'm am guardian, I'm am a protector of this sacred holiday, This sacred night, The one night when the traditions must be followed, The rules must be obeyed, Those who don't respect the traditions, Those who don't follow the rules, Shall meet a bloody end by me, Though recently more and more humans forget, Forget the traditions, Forget the rules, Leading me to kill more and more each year, It makes no difference to me, But, It makes me wonder, With humans forgetting about this night, Will it fade?, Fade into the past and just become a legend of sorts, Just a joke, Just a rumor, No more than a memory, No, It will never fade, Because I shall keep reminding them, Year after year, Till the end of time, Till the end of days. ","Summary":" Sam I'm am guardian, I'm am a protector of this sacred holiday, This sacred night, The one night wh"},{"Movie":"Trick 'r Treat","Title":"Traditions and Rules","Author":"helen the 2nd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8598504","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I DO NOT OWN TRICK R' TREAT OR THE WIZARD OF OZ OR ANYTHING ELSE YOU MIGHT RECOGNIZE. Also the angels mentioned are based off of the angels from SUPERNATURAL WHICH I ALSO DO NOT OWN. Azrael though is kind of my idea, he's the (back story, alter ego?) of another character from another series which I DO NOT OWN, but at the moment that's not all that important and telling you who would ruin the surprise in another story I'm witting so I'm not mentioning who Azrael is as well. There were traditions for Samhain, All Hallow's Eve, Halloween, whatever you wished to call it. Traditions made to protect. 1.) Always wear a costume. (To trick the supernatural into thinking you were one of them.) 2.) Always hand out treats. (To appease the dead who came back to have fun.) 3.) Never blow out Jack-o-lanterns. (To keep evil spirits away.) Sam was out on Halloween to make sure those traditions were followed. It was his job as the Guardian of Halloween. Those were traditions and traditions must ALWAYS be followed, and anyone who didn't follow tradition would pay the price. But of course as time moved on the reason behind traditions faded and other rules came into play. Sam looked up at the person whose hand he was holding. The teen was dressed up in a long dress of black and dark green, a small pouch whose straps wrapped around the waist and hung on one hip, a fake chest, a wide, black choker necklace, and low, comfortable, black heels. The teen also wore some glitter, green eye make-up, black lipstick, fake, dark red horns on their forehead, and a long brown wig. Azrael, the Angel of Death, was wearing his costume flawlessly except for the fact that he stumbled in the heels every so often. An angel dressed as a demon, Sam didn't know what to think. Many angels couldn't care less about the holiday so didn't bother to dress up, but the ones on Earth didn't look like themselves anyway so they were always in costume. That fact always irked Sam. They didn't care about the holiday or its traditions and yet carried one out without meaning to so they were safe from Sam and repercussions. Azrael had decided to live among the humans whose souls he would one day see to the other side and unlike most of his brothers and sisters he respected the other Gods and Guardians and their traditions. Maybe it was because one day he would see them off to their death like the humans he cared for. But why Azrael respected beings besides his family was not something Sam particularly cared about so he gave it little thought. The reason the angel was with Sam was because of something Sam didn't usually pay attention to, the safety rules of Trick 'r Treating: 1.) Always Trick 'r Treat with a group or a parent. 2.) Never go to a stranger's house. 3.) Carry a flashlight with you or some other source of light. 4.) Have a parent check your candy. 5.) Don't go to unlit houses. ... yada, yada, yada plus a bunch of other rules Sam didn't really care about. But Azrael insisted on going with him (to help Sam blend in he had said) and since he was going to have to move the souls on eventually Sam didn't see a problem with it. Azrael wasn't going to get in his way so might as well let him come along. So there they were walking down a random street, in a small town, on Halloween, a sack in one of Sam's hands and Azrael's hand in the other while the strap of a flashlight hung around one of Azrael's wrists with Sam's hand holding the other. Sam let go of the angel's hand as he walked up the walkway of the first house they approached. Azrael looked around. The house was all lit up and decorated, Jack-o-Laterners sat in the yard, three on one side of the walk, unlit, in a group, three on the other side, unlit, in a group, and one on the front porch that was lit. He watched as a woman dressed as the Wicked Witch of the West opened the door, heard her cackle, say a line from the movie, and when Sam didn't respond, shrug and drop something in Sam's bag before wishing him a safe and Happy Halloween as he walked back to the angel to take his hand and proceed on to the next house. They continued on in this way for a few more houses untill Sam walked up to a house, rung the doorbell but received no answer. After a few more tries Azrael came up to the door from his place on the sidewalk only to hear loud music coming from the house. Azrael looked down at Sam who looked back up at him and opened up his sack. The angel gave the door a few good pounds before a man, whose clothes were dirty and had a little fake blood dribbling from the corner of his mouth, opened the door and looked at him. \"Well hello there,\" the man slurred, leaning on one arm that was propped up on the door frame as the other hand held a beer bottle and most likely not his first. \"Wanna come in and join me in some spirits?\" he asked as he shook the bottle in his hand before taking a sip. Azrael didn't say a word but gestured to Sam who still had his sack open. The man stood up straight and his eyes widened just slightly at the sight of him. \"Spooky costume little man. Got stuck with trick or treatin' duty?\" Azrael again didn't say a word but nodded. \"Well come back after ya drop him off,\" the man said as he went to close the door but before he could Azrael knocked on the door frame. The guy turned back around confusion written on his face. Azrael smiled and gestured to Sam's bag, which Sam shook. \"Oh right, right almost forgot,\" the guy leaned to the right of the door frame out of sight and when he came back he held two candy bars, one in each hand. \"Here ya go little man,\" he said as he dropped one in Sam's sack, the other he handed to Azrael. \"Come back later and I'll show you a devilish time, my little devil,\" he said as he leaned real close to Azrael. Azrael gave a little smile, which he hid behind the tips of his fingers as he brought his hand up and accepted the candy. The man shut the door and went back to his party as Sam and Azrael went back to the sidewalk. As they were walking to the next house Azrael looked down at Sam. \"Do you think I should have told him I was a guy?\" he asked as he put the candy in the pouch on his hip. Sam looked up at him and shook his head 'no'. This may have a few more chapters which may get a little gorier or I could leave it here, I haven't completly decided yet. What are your thoughts. Posted 10/10/12[Chapter 2] I DO NOT OWN TRICK R' TREAT OR ANYTHING ELSE YOU MIGHT RECOGNIZE. Also the angels mentioned are based off of the angels from SUPERNATURAL WHICH I ALSO DO NOT OWN. Azrael though is kind of my idea, he's the (back story, alter ego?) of another character from another series which I DO NOT OWN, but at the moment that's not all that important and telling you who would ruin the surprise in another story I'm witting so I'm not mentioning who Azrael is as well. The next house wasn't decorated at all except for an unlit Jack-o-Lantern on the front porch just beside the left side of the door. Azrael frowned at this and could feel Sam's irk toward the occupants of the house. Azrael opened the gate to the house and let Sam through before following him to the door, the gate crashing shut behind them. Azrael could feel the change in atmosphere as they walked up to the door. He could feel it as soon as the gate shut. The warmth from the fun the little kids who were Trick-'r-Treating having gave way to the true cold of the October air. The winds, that had gone unnoticed until now, sounded more like moans of people in pain as they brought leaves onto the path to the door. The crunch of leaves sounded more like the steps of a killer approaching his next victim and if things didn't go right the person inside the ill-fated house would be the next victim of a killer. After what felt like ages the two finally reached the door. Azrael, even though he couldn't actually feel the cold, was rubbing his upper arms as if to rub some warmth back into them. He's teeth were chattering a little bit too. He went over to the Jack-o-Lantern and pulled the top off of it. He was hoping the candle had just gotten blown out by the wind. He reached his hand into the pumpkin to feel the wick of the candle. He closed his eyes and sent some of his Grace out to the candle to see its past. He breathed out shakily through his nose as he pulled his hand out and put the top back on. He opened his eyes and turned to see Sam staring up at him. \"Blown out,\" was all he said before Sam pounded on the door. Azrael held his hands together in front of him as he waited for the door to open. He was trying to keep his breathing calm. This street had been doing so well, but it only took one bad apple to ruin the bunch. He closed his eyes and took one deep breath in through his nose. He held it, then let it out through his nose slowly. His arms fell to his sides and when he opened his eyes back up they were dull. Time to get to work. A woman opened up the door. She had a cigaret between her lips that she took out and held between the finger tips of her right hand as she leaned her arm on the door frame. She looked to be in her 50's and had a few wrinkles. She was also quite frumpled looking. \"What,\" she said in a disgruntled voice. Azrael tilted his head toward Sam who held up his bag. The woman looked down at Sam then back up at Azrael. \"Sorry no more treats here,\" she said as she slammed the door in their faces. \"Now get the hell off my porch,\" she said through the door. Sam looked up at Azrael who had placed his hand on the door and like the pumpkin read the past events of the house. He looked at Sam when he was done. \"She hasn't handed out any candy or treats,\" he said in a dull voice. Azrael watched as Sam ran off to the right and around the corner of the house and out of sight. The woman inside had broken all the traditions that Sam protected, never blow out a Jack-o-Lantern, wear a costume, and hand out treats. The woman would pay and then it would Azrael's turn to take over and do his job. Azrael turned around and was about to step off the porch when he thought of something. He turned back around and opened the pouch on his hip. He dug around inside and pulled out a book of matches. He pulled one out, struck it, watch as it caught on fire, then lifted the top of the Jack-o'-Lantern, and pulled out the candle. He re-lit the candle, placed it back inside the Jack-o'-Lantern, and placed the top back on. A small smile lit up his face as the design lit up. He patted the Jack-o'-Lantern affectionately before stepping off the porch and retraced the path Sam had taken around the side of the house to find the way Sam had taken to get in. As he passed a window at the side of the house he heard a scream inside. Sam had already gotten to work and soon it would be his turn. Azrael made it a little past half way around the back of the house before he found a window that was open a crack. He pushed the window open, took a quick look around, and then pulled himself up and through the window and into the house. He found himself in the kitchen over a two basin sink. After getting about half way through the window he put his right hand on the counter and his left hand on the basin divider and pulled himself further into the house. He heard a crash come from the floor above him and decided to hurry up. When he had pulled himself in to his knees, he realized he had a problem. If he went any further he would most likely fall on to the floor, most likely face first, and he couldn't bring his legs in one at a time due to the dress. He heard another crash, looked up to the ceiling as much as he could, and made a decision. He leaned on his right arm and with his left hand let go of the sink basin divider and pulled his dress up so he could pull his legs in one leg at a time. With both legs in to the ankle he sat on the counter and swung both legs in, over the sink, and then pushed himself off the counter and onto the floor. He exited the kitchen and turned right to face the front of the house. In front of him was the front door and to the left was a dinning area separated from the living room in front of it by half of a wall. He walked toward the front door when a crashing met his ears and the owner of the house fell into the right side of the door, a few scratches here and there. He raised an eyebrow at her sudden appearance then he looked to his right to see the banister of a staircase going up stairs. Through the holes in the banister he could see that the stairs were covered in candy, gum balls, razor blades, nails, and other various items. He looked up the staircase as much as he was able and shouted up to Sam, \"Hurry up, we have other things to do you know,\" before turning around and going into the living room. In the living room there was a chair facing a coffee table and a fireplace and two couches facing each other on either side of the coffee table. He made his way between the coffee table and a couch toward the fireplace as he heard grunts of the woman trying to get back up. The fire was low so he threw a log on, took the poker from the stand, kneeled down, and started to the stroke the fire back to life. He heard a struggle going on behind him but didn't turn around to witness what exactly was going on. It wasn't his job to interfere after all. As he stroked the fire back to life he heard screams, grunts, and moans. Soon the fire had come back to life and was happily licking and consuming the new log. He stood up, returned the poker to its stand, turned, and walked back to the foyer only to see the woman sitting and leaning up against the door gasping for breath and Sam sprawled out at the bottom of the stairs. Azrael looked back over to the woman and noticed she had an umbrella, which he realised must have come from the now knocked over holder beside the door, and must have used it to knock out Sam. He also noticed she had a few more slashes, these deeper then the first few scratches he had seen her with. \"That wasn't very nice you know,\" Azrael said in a bored tone. The woman turned to look at him, a scared look in her eyes, and raised the umbrella. \"I'm not here to kill you that's Sam's job,\" he said in the same bored tone as he made a small motion with his head towards where Sam had fallen. The woman's eyes widened more but before she could do anything with this new information Sam stabbed her in the stomach with a razor blade that had been shoved into a candy bar. She looked shocked at the blade in her stomach, then at Sam, then back to Azrael, silently begging for his help with her eyes as garbled noises came from her mouth. \"Sam,\" Azrael said in disgruntled tone of voice, \"Hurry up and kill her, it's not easy moving on the souls of people who have died violently.\" That's why he was here after all, to move on the souls of the people Sam killed or the souls of the people nearby who would die tonight because they had ignored a warning or two. He wouldn't interfere with Sam's job but the least Sam could do was make Azrael's job a little easier. Sam looked up at Azrael and even though Sam didn't speak Azrael sensed the annoyance coming from him. The woman seeing her chance to strike because her attacker was distracted took this time to bring the umbrella down on Sam's head but before it connected Sam took the razor from the woman's stomach and slashed her across the throat with it. Surprised by the action the woman dropped her weapon and grabbed her throat in a feeble attempt to stop the bleeding. Sam stepped back from the bleeding woman and Azrael felt rage and frustration wash off him as he restrained himself from punishing the woman more while she was still alive. After a few gurgling breaths the woman breathed her last and her hands fell to her sides. Azrael moved closer to the corpse and hiked up his dress so he could kneel in-front of it without dragging his dress on the bloody floor. He held up his left hand with his fingers slightly spread a breath away from the corpse's mouth. He held his hand with his finger tips toward the body and his wrist was relaxed. Slowly the corpse started to glow from the inside-out, like putting your hand in-front of a very bright light. After a few seconds the body stopped getting brighter. It stayed that way for a second or two then the light drew in toward the center of the chest, where the heart was. Again the light stayed where it was for a second or two before heading up. As it reached the back of the throat, unhindered by the flesh, the light was brighter as it escaped the mouth. Azrael straightened his hand so it was ridged, his fingers were spread as far as they would go, and his palm faced the corpse. A ball of very, bright light escaped from the body's mouth and toward Azrael's hand. When it was a half an inch away from his palm he grabbed it and stood up. He shoved it into the pouch at his hip as he stepped away and let Sam pick up where he left off. He'd release the soul at the end of the night. He returned to the living room to sit on the couch until Sam was done or needed his help. A few minutes later Sam came to find him and Azrael could sence the need for help, not because he really needed it but more because he was annoyed with Azrael for making him end the woman's life quickly. They reapproached the body and as Azrael looked at it he knew what Sam wanted to do with it. As the gate clanged shut behind them a new decoration had joined the still lit Jack-o'-Lantern. Sam had cut open the stomach and removed the insides and Azrael had placed it outside on the porch, on the right side of the door, slouching on a fold out chair. While Azrael was doing that, Sam was inside looking for a big bowl which he brought out to Azrael when he found it. Using his Grace, Azrael filled the bowl with candy then placed it in the hole in the corpse. Now the house was ready for Trick-'r-Treaters. (A.N.) Two more days and it would have been a whole year since this story has been updated. That time of year, no? Fall, Halloween, horror movie specials airing on most channels and if I do continue this it will most likely be humor one chapter then horror the next, I like this pattern. So last chapter was humor, this one horror, next will be humor. If this wasn't good enough horror or gore for you, sorry but I don't write much horror but I'll try better next time. Posted 10/08/2013 ","Summary":" I DO NOT OWN TRICK R' TREAT OR THE WIZARD OF OZ OR ANYTHING ELSE YOU MIGHT RECOGNIZE. Also the ange"},{"Movie":"Boys Love ボーイズ ラブ","Title":"g o n e r y o o n s e o k","Author":"iamdeadxx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13170795","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kolejna nieudana próba samobójcza. Kolejny potok łez spływający po policzkach drżącego Yoongiego, wtulonego w Junga. Kolejne czułe słówka ze strony obejmującego go silnymi ramionami Hoseoka, kolejne czułe pocałunki, składane przez młodszego na całej twarzy Mina.Po trzydziestu minutach szloch zamienia się w zwykły płacz, a drżenie jego ciała nie ustaje. Hoseok co chwila ściera cieknące po policzkach starszego łzy. — Hyung— szepcze, wiedząc, że jego głos jest dla starszego kojący.— hyung. —stara się, aby jego głos był spokojny, choć jak ma zachować spokój, kiedy właśnie przed chwilą jego chłopak o mało ze sobą nie skończył?— hyung — tym razem jego głos lekko drży, a on sam znajduje się na cienkiej granicy załamania. Jego kochany chłopak. Wybranek jego serca. Najwspanialszy mężczyzna na tym wielkim, okrutnym, bezlitosnym świecie. Osoba, która nic nie robiąc potrafi wywołać na jego twarzy uśmiech. Osoba, która w mgnieniu oka sprawia, że jego dzień staje się lepszy. Osoba, która nie wysilając się potrafi wywołać u Junga śmiech. Osoba, bez której Hoseok nie wyobraża sobie życia. Min Yoongi ponownie chciał ze sobą skończyć. Hoseok wplątuje dłoń prawej ręki we włosy Mina. Lewą zaś wciąż obejmuje chłopaka w pasie. Starszy opiera głowę na ramieniu Junga, po czym wdycha zapach swojego w y b a w i c i e l a. Jednak czy on chciał wybawienia? To pytanie, które już wiele razy sobie zadawał i za każdym razem nie znał na nie odpowiedzi. Tak było i tam razem. Jego płacz staje się gwałtowniejszy, gdy po raz kolejny zdaje sobie sprawę, że o mały włos a zostawiłby Junga samego raz na zawsze. — Hyung — szepcze znów Hoseok, co sprawiło tylko, że płacz jeszcze bardziej przybrał na sile. Z jednej strony chłopak byłby już na tamtym świecie, niestety jednak bez Jung Hoseoka, ale z drugiej znów pozostał w tym przeklętym miejscu. Znów będzie musiał się męczyć, znów będzie musiał cierpieć. Min od dłuższego czasu zastanawia się, co byłoby lepsze: Tkwić w stanie beznadziejności, tej boleści, ale w zamian mieć przy sobie swojego własnego anioła stróża Junga? Czy Zaznać wiecznego szczęścia, aczkolwiek jakiś czas bez Hoseoka?Bez jego aniołka, bez jego słońca, bez miłości jego nędznego, znienawidzonego przez niego życia. A co jeśli jego aniołek nie wytrzyma jego straty i również zakończy swój żywot?Płacz Mina zmienia się w szloch. Tym razem jednak jest on gwałtowniejszy. A jego ręce zaciskają się na przesiąkniętej łzami bluzie Junga. N i e, Hoseok nie jest głupi. Nie zrobiłby sobie tak strasznej krzywdy. A co jeśli? Yoongi znów zaczyna się trząść. — Yoo-yoonie — głos Junga załamuje się, a on przerażony stanem swojego hyunga, pozwala, aby z jego oczu bezgłośnie spływały łzy. Hoseok wie, że zamiast płakać powinien być wsparciem dla Yoongiego. Jednak tyle razy wychodziło mu zachowanie względnego spokoju, że tym razem po prostu nie wytrzymał (względnego, gdyż pomimo, że na zewnątrz wydawał się jakoś trzymać, to wewnątrz wręcz oszalał ze zmartwienia, strachu o swojego ukochanego). ","Summary":" Kolejna nieudana próba samobójcza. Kolejny potok łez spływający po policzkach drżącego Yoongiego, w"},{"Movie":"Boys Love ボーイズ ラブ","Title":"Ember","Author":"Red Ranger Kei","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5980722","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authorly preamble or something : Written in 2007, not too long after I saw Boys Love for the first time. I recall being really creeped out by Chidori after writing this, but after several years and subsequent viewings I think he interests me the most. Contradictory? I guess not. Ember Noeru never knew, but Chidori drew too. Noeru had been drawing for very nearly time out of mind, granted, but one day Chidori decided that if Noeru could do it maybe he could as well, and it just seemed to stick. He'd never told Noeru, simply because he'd never thought to. No particular moment had ever seemed to scream 'now would be a good time to mention it', and it had never seemed important enough to bother creating a moment. He'd never drawn Noeru, though he'd often thought about it. He would trace the strong line of his jaw, his full lips, his dark eyes, the gentle wave of his hair with his eyes as he paused in whatever he was doing, hands hovering static in the air, until Noeru finally felt Chidori's gaze on him and Chidori returned to his stalled occupation, flustered and embarrassed. Every time he had some time to kill and sat down to draw, though, Chidori's memory failed him. The features he adored and studied so faithfully seemed vague and uncertain in his mind's eye, and he would invariably find himself outlining instead images he had unintentionally memorized in momentary dark glances, the same but different every time. He drew photographers, interviewers, models, men he'd only ever seen once, the men Noeru had slept with. Chidori placed the final dark lines on an impromptu portrait of Noeru's latest acquaintance – some interviewer Chidori had gotten a stolen glimpse of as he entered Noeru's apartment just as Chidori was leaving. He'd mentioned his name, but Chidori remembered only his cheap haircut, his high cheekbones, his piercing eyes. A glance at the glowing digits of his desk clock told Chidori that they were probably up to something by now; not that he knew from experience, but he could only assume that Noeru did not waste any time. As Chidori folded the drawing into quarters and raised a cheap lighter to one corner, small licking flames reflected in his dark eyes and the glasses that hid them, he reflected that perhaps there was another reason Noeru didn't know he drew. ","Summary":" Authorly preamble or something : Written in 2007, not too long after I saw Boys Love for the first "},{"Movie":"Boys Love ボーイズ ラブ","Title":"The Ring","Author":"Bubblegirl1220","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9951335","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author : Bubblegirl1220 Cast : Park Chanyeol, Kim Joon-myun (Su-Ho) Warning : YAOI a.k.a Boys love, Typo(s) bertebaran dimana-mana. Nb: Kata yang di Bold adalah flashback \"THE RING\" \"Chanie...kapan kau akan melamarku?\" \"Sebentar lagi hyung. Bersabarlah.\" \"Kau selalu bicara seperti itu, tapi sampai sekarang kau tidak juga melamarku.\" \"Bersabarlah sebentar lagi hyung. aku janji,aku akan segera melamarmu.\" \"Janji?\" \"Ne aku berjanji.\" Seoul, 24 Desember 2013 \"Annyeong hyung...\" Sapa seorang namja tinggi pada nisan didepannya. \"Kau tahu besok hari apa?\" Lanjutnya. \"Besok natal hyung. bukankah kau sangat menyukai hari natal?\" TES~ Setetes airmata jatuh dari pelupuk mata namja tinggi tersebut. Bahunya mulai bergetar menahan isak tangis yang mendesak ingin keluar dari bibirnya. \"Hyung, kau masih ingat janjiku kan?\" Lanjutnya ditengah tangisnya. \"Aku ingin menepati janjiku sekarang hyung.\" namja tampan itu berlutut didepan nisan tersebut. mengeluarkan sebuah kotak merah dari saku jaketnya dengan tangan bergetar. \"Hyung, aku mencintaimu. aku sangat ingin memakaikan cincin ini dijari manismu hyung. aku tahu aku terlambat. maafkan aku hyung. maafkan aku yang pergi tanpa memberitahumu terlebih dahulu. maafkan aku yang tidak pernah memberikanmu kabar selama aku pergi.\" airmata terus membasahi pipi namja tinggi itu. dadanya terasa sesak mengingat senyum namja manis yang ia cintai itu. \"Hyung kau ingat, dulu kau pernah meminta cincin ini padaku saat kita kencan dulu?\" \"Chanyeol, kau lihat cincin itu?\" \"Hmm aku melihatnya hyung. sangat cantik.\" \"Benarkah? Aku sejak dulu sangat menginginkan cincin itu yeol.\" \"Jinjja? Aku akan memberikannya untukmu hyung.\" \"Tapi harganya sangat mahal yeol.\" \"Aku akan mengumpulkan uang untuk membelinya hyung.\" \"Benarkah?\" \"Tentusaja. apa yang tidak untukmu hyung. kau harus bersabar hyung. aku akan memberikan cincin itu untukmu suatu saat nanti.\" \"Kau selalu menyuruhku bersabar yeol. sampai kapan aku harus bersabar? bahkan aku tidak yakin aku bisa terus bersabar sampai saat itu tiba.\" \"Saat itu tiba? maksudmu apa hyung? saat aku melamarmu?\" \"Ahh...Ani...Lupakan kata-kataku tadi. Kajja kita beli es krim disana.\" \"Sekarang aku sudah mendapatkan cukup uang untuk membelinya hyung. tapi...\" airmata itu semakin deras membasahi pipi namja tinggi tersebut. \"Kenapa kau pergi sebelum aku sempat memberikannya...\" \"Kenapa kau menyembunyikan penyakitmu dariku hyung.\" isakan kecil mulai keluar dari bibis namja itu. matanya menatap lurus nisan dihadapannya. nisan namja yang ia cintai. SuHo. R.I.P Kim Joon Myun RIP : 24 Oktober 2013 BIRTH : 22 Mei 1991 Ya, namja tinggi itu adalah Chanyeol. namja yang sangat mencintai Suho. Suho adalah salah satu dari sekian banyak orang yang mengidap kanker otak. dan ia tidak pernah memberitahu chanyeol,kekasihnya. Apa chanyeol tidak berarti apa-apa bagi SuHo? Jawabanya TIDAK. Chanyeol sangat berarti bagi Suho. Chanyeol adalah setengah dari nyawanya. ia tidak bisa hidup tanpa Chanyeol. ia merahasiakan penyakitnya ini karena tidak ingin membuat chanyeol khawatir. yang lebih parahnya lagi ia takut Chanyeol meninggalkannya saat tahu bahwa ia mengidap penyakit kanker. Ia tidak mau hal itu terjadi. \"Hyung...Hiks...kanapa kau tega meninggalkanku? maafkan aku yang terlambat menemuimu hyung... jika aku tau hal ini akan terjadi, aku memilih menolak ajakan Kris Hyung untuk bekerja di Canada saat itu.\" Bahu Chanyeol bergetar hebat. isakan itu tak bisa ia tahan lagi. Hening~ hanya terdengar isakan pilu dari namja tampan tersebut. ia meluapkan semua kesedihannya didepan makan Suho. meminta maaf berulang kali sambil mencoba menenangkan dirinya. \"Chanyeol...Kurasa Suho hyung tidak akan suka melihatmu menangis didepan makamnya.\" seru seseorang yang entah sejak kapan berdiri dibelakang chanyeol dengan membawa sebuket bunga ditangannya. Chanyeo mengenal suara ini. ia segera menolehkan kepalanya. matanya sembab karena terus menerus menangis. \"Sehun?\" namja yang dipanggil Sehun itu hanya memandang Chanyeol datar dan meletakkan buket bunga yang ia bawa tadi di atas makam Suho. \"Suho hyung berpesan padaku, jika suatu saat kau datang ke makamnya, aku juga harus ada disana bersamamu hyung. entah karena kebetulan atu apa, sekarang kita berada disini bersama-sama.\" \"Kenapa kau tidak memberitahuku?\" Dahi sehun mengernyit mendengar pertanyaan chanyeol. \"Kenapa kau tidak memberitahuku tentang penyakit suho hyung?\" lanjut chanyeol. Sehun menghela nafas pelan. \"Kau tahu? Suho hyung melarang semua orang memberitahumu tentang penyakitnya.\" Chanyeol hanya diam sambil tetap menatap kosong nisan Suho. \"dia tidak mau kau khawatir hyung.\" lanjut sehun. \"Hyung, sebaiknya kita pulang sekarang. kurasa sebentar lagi ada badai salju. aku yakin Suho hyung tidak mau kau sakit.\" ajak Sehun lalu melangkah pergi meninggalkan chanyeol yang masih berlutut didepan makam Suho. \"Hyung...Sekali lagi maafkan aku.\" Ucap chanyeol sambil meletakan kotak yang berisi 2 cincin itu diatas makam suho. \"Aku pergi dulu hyung. istirahatlah dengan tenang. aku mencintaimu dan Selamat natal hyung.\" lanjutnya lalu berdiri dari posisinya dan berjalan menyusul sehun yang sudah terlihat jauh dari penglihatannya. \"Aku juga mencintaimu Chanyeol.\" suara bisikan itu terdengar seiring angin yang berhembus. Chanyeol tahu siapa pemilik suara lembut itu. Suho. Ia tersenyum dan mulai berlari menyusul Sehun seolah-olah ia tidak pernah menangis tadi. \"SUHO akan selalu mencintai PARK CHANYEOL.\" bisikan itu terdengar lagi bersamaan dengan angin yang berhembus melewati tubuh tinggi Sehun dan Chanyeol yang asik mengobrol disepanjang jalan menuju mobil mereka masing-masing. END note : Ahh...akhirnya FF kedua saya selesai juga :D Big thanks untuk hunhanminute dan Maknae ku tercinta Silvia yang udah mau meriview FF abal-abal saya \"Memories of december\" Sekali lagi Thanks banget ^^ Oh iya FF ini saya dedikasikan untuk maknae yang kadang nyebelin \"Silvia\" Moga lu suka sama FF ini maknae ^^ Sekali lagi thanks banget /bow/ Review juseyo ^^ ","Summary":" Author : Bubblegirl1220 Cast : Park Chanyeol, Kim Joon-myun (Su-Ho) Warning : YAOI a.k.a Boys love,"},{"Movie":"Boys Love ボーイズ ラブ","Title":"Fiance","Author":"rosdianahhartonoputri","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13068907","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Zitao berjalan riang menyusuri koridor. Bibir curvenya bersenandung kecil dengan senyuman manis yang tak pernah lepas. Mata pandanya memandangi kotak bekal yang sudah disipkannya. Sudah rutinitas harian Zitao menyiapkan kotak bekal untuk sang pujaan hati. Semua siswa di koridor terpesona dengan senyuman manis sang primadona sekolah. Zitao yang memiliki fitur wajah yang tampan, cantik dan manis secara bersamaan membuatnya menjadi incaran para yeoja bahkan namja yang berstatus seme di sekolah. Siapa yang tak akan jatuh pada seorang Huang Zitao? Walaupun dirinya adalah namja tapi dia bertutur kata begitu lembut dan sopan, kepintarannya di atas rata_rata juga salah satu faktor dan jangan lupakan latar belakangnya yang berasal dari keluarga kaya raya semakin menyempurnakan profile sang primadona. Tapi semua pengagum Zitao harus menelan pil pahit karena sang namja sudah memiliki kekasih. Mungkin lebih tepatnya tunangan. Tunangan Zitao sangat sepadan dengan dirinya, jika Zitao adalah Primadona maka pasangannya adalah seorang Pangeran. Bukankah memang sudah seharusnya seperti itu? Mereka adalah pasang terfamous di XOXO High School. Zitao berhenti di depan sebuah kelas lalu menyembulkan kepalanya. Mencari sang kekasih untuk mengajaknya makan siang bersama seperti biasanya. \"Kau mencari, Kris?\" Zitao menengok ke belakang saat mendengar suara Sehun. \"Ku lihat tadi dia ke taman belakang sekolah bersama Jessica.\" Zitao mengerutkan keningnya, ada urusan apa Kris bersama Jessica? \"Terima kasih atas infonya, ge. Kalau begitu aku akan menyusul kesana.\" Sehun hanya mengangguk. Zitao segera menuju tempat yang Sehun katakan tadi. Zitao terdiam, senyuman yang tadi terpatri di bibir curvenya perlahan memudar. 5 meter di depan sana dia melihat sang tunangan sedang bersama dengan seorang yang dikenal sebagai Queenka sekaligus mantan kekasih Kris, Jessica. Zitao memilih membalikkan tubuhnya dan meninggalkan taman itu dengan rasa sakit di hatinya. Perlahan tetesan airmata turun dari mata indahnya. Dia menyeret langkahnya yang terasa memberat. Lututnya seakan lemas hingga dirinya kini jatuh terduduk di atas lantai dingin yang berada di koridor. Dia menggigit bibirnya dengan kuat untuk meredam isakannya. Tangannya memukul_mukul dadanya yang terasa begitu sesak. Untung koridor belakang itu tampak sepi sehingga Zitao tak perlu khawatir ada yang melihatnya dalam keadaan semenyedihkan ini. Selama ini tak ada yang tahu dan melihat tangisan Zitao. Karena Zitao selalu berhasil menutupinya dengan senyuman manis di wajah cantiknya. Bahkan kedua orang tuanya tak pernah tahu bahwa anaknya yang ceria nyatanya menangisi seseorang yang begitu dicintainya. Bukan hal baru, Zitao disakiti oleh Kris. Kris selalu memperlakukannya dengan dingin selama ini, tak pernah sekalipun Kris bersikap manis padanya. Nyatanya pertunangan mereka hanya status, karena dibalik itu semua hanya Zitao yang mencinta. Hanya Zitao yang berusaha. Pertunangan mereka yang terjalin hampir setahun belakangan memang diawali dengan perjodohan bisnis. Perusahaan keluarga ayah Kris yang berada diambang kehancuran dibantu oleh ayah Zitao, sehingga perekonomian Wu Corp kembali stabil seperti semula. Jika dalam drama yang membantu yang menawarkan perjodohan, nyatanya dalam kisah mereka justru keluarga Krislah yang menawarkan perjodohan itu. Saat itu ibu Kris yang mengetahui bahwa Zitao menyukai anaknya, langsung memberi tahu sang suami. Nyonya Wu berniat menjodohkan Zitao dengan Kris sebagai bentuk balas budi, dan lagi ibu Kris memang telah jatuh cinta pada sikap Zitao yang begitu anggun, sopan dan berkelas. Membuatnya berkeinginan menjadikan Zitao sebagai menantunya yang ternyata disambut tak kalah antusias oleh sang suami. Berbeda dengan kedua orantuanya, Kris menolak mentah_mentah perjodohan itu. Dirinya bukanlah penyuka sesama jenis, dirinya masih normal dan berkeinginan menikah dengan seorang wanita. Tapi ancaman sang ayah dan derai airmata sang ibu membuatnya tak mampu menolak perjodohan konyol ini. Dan inilah alasan kenapa Kris membenci Zitao karena menurutnya Zitaolah yang membuatnya terjebak dalam keadaan rumit seperti ini. Zitao menangis pilu dalam diam, tersenyum miris melihat kotak bekal yang tergeletak di lantai bersamanya. Bayangan tautan bibir Kris dengan Jessica beberapa menit lalu terus berputar di kepalanya. Bagaimana mesranya Kris memeluk pinggang Jessica dengan bibir tebalnya yang melumat sang yeoja. Bahkan dirinya tak pernah merasakan bagaimana bibir tebal itu. Jangankan menciumnya, melakukan skinship dengannya saja Kris sangat enggan. Karena Kris adalah seorang homophobic dan Zitao tau itu. Selama ini Zitao bertahan karena dia yakin suatu saat nanti Kris akan mencintainya jika dirinya terus berusaha. Tapi nyatanya? Waktu saja enggan berpihak padanya. Greeeeppp . Sebuah pelukan didapatkan Zitao. Zitao menyandarkan dirinya pada dada bidang kesukaannya itu. Tanpa melihat, Zitao tahu siapa yang mendekapnya kini. Seseorang yang selalu ada disaat dirinya terpuruk. Mengelus punggungnya yang bergetar dan terus membisikkan kata penenang di telinga seperti sekarang ini. \"Menangislah jika itu membuatmu lebih baik.\" Isakan yang tadinya coba Zitao tahan kini telah lolos. Mengeratkan pelukannya pada sang namja yang sudah dianggapnya sebagai kakak. Sedangkan sang namja terus mencoba menenangkan Zitao, mengecup puncak kepala sang Primadona dengan sayang. Tak memperdulikan lagi seragamnya yang basah karena airmata dan cairan yang keluar dari hidung Zitao. \"Terima kasih, Sehun ge. \" cicit Zitao setelah tangisnya reda. Sehun hanya mengangguk dan kembali mengecup puncak kepala Zitao. Menumpukan dagunya di atas kepala sang adik kesayangannya. Hati Sehun berdenyut sakit melihat keadaan Zitao yang sangat menyedihkan. Ada salah satu sisi hatinya yang seolah ingin menghancurkan namja sialan yang membuat kesayangannya menitikkan airmata. Tapi Sehun hanyalah Sehun yang dianggap kakak oleh sang Primadona. Dia tak punya kuasa untuk membalaskan rasa sakit Zitao karena Zitao selalu mencegahnya dan mengatakan dirinya baik_baik saja. Tapi nyatanya keadaannya kini jauh dari kata baik. \"Menyerahlah jika kau sudah tak sanggup. Kau tau, ada seseorang yang selalu menunggumu kan?\" Zitao hanya terdiam dalam pelukan Sehun. Menikmati hangatnya pelukan Sehun yang selalu berhasil membuatnya tenang. Sejenak dirinya hanya ingin seperti ini tanpa memikirkan Kris. Kris berjalan menuju bangkunya, dahinya mengernyit melihat sebuah kotak bekal di atas mejanya. Kris meraih kotak bekal itu, diatasnya terdapat stick note yang tertempel. \"Maaf aku tak bisa menemanimu makan siang, ge. Aku sibuk dengan tugas. Selamat makan. \" Dahi Kris mengkerut, bukan karena tak tahu siapa pemilik kotak bekal itu. Dirinya bahkan sudah sangat hafal seseorang yang mempunyai kebiasaan membawakannya makanan tanpa diminta setahun belakangan ini. Yang membuat Kris heran tak biasanya Zitao hanya menyimpan kotak bekalnya begitu saja tanpa menemaninya makan. Zitao selalu memastikan dirinya menghabiskan makanannya, tak pernah sekali pun dirinya membiarkan makan sendiri dengan alasan apapun. Sibuk dengan tugas? Alasan macam apa itu? Hei, Zitao bahkan pernah sakit dan diharuskan beristirahat di rumah tapi saat jam makan siang tiba, Zitao muncul di kelas Kris dengan kotak bekalnya. Zitao berkata dia tak ingin Kris makan sembarangan, dan berakhir sakit. Jadilah Zitao mengantar makanan untuk sang tunangan walaupun tubuhnya sendiri begitu lemah saat itu. Padahal dia bisa saja menyuruh salah satu pelayannya untuk mengantar makanan itu nyata Zitao tetap berkeras melakukannya sendiri. Berbagai pertanyaan muncul di kepala Kris, tapi dia tak mau ambil pusing. Dia membuka kotak bekal itu dan mulai melahap kimbab yang disediakan oleh Zitao. Soal rasa? Tak perlu dipertanyakan, masakan Zitao selalu lezat walau Kris terlalu enggan memuji masakan sang tunangan. Suasana di dalam mobil Kris terasa begitu berbeda. Terasa begitu sunyi, tak seperti biasanya yang dipenuhi dengan suara cempreng Zitao yang bercerita ini itu dengan riang walau Kris tak pernah menanggapinya. Hanya suara radio mobil yang memutar lagu Adele yang memenuhi mobilnya. Kris melirik ke arah Zitao yang duduk di sampingnya. Anak itu tampak menatap kosong keluar jendela mobil. Tak ada sepatah kata pun yang keluar dari bibirnya sejak pertama kali dirinya menaiki mobil itu sampai kini dia yang hampir tiba di rumah Zitao. Harusnya Kris merasa senang karena telinga tak perlu mendengar celotehan Zitao, tapi nyatanya telinga yang terbiasa dengan suara Zitao itu kini merasa aneh, seperti ingin bibir curve itu kembali bersuara seperti biasanya. Kris berhenti di depan sebuah mansion megah milik sang tunangan. Zitao melepaskan seatbeltnya dan bersiap turun tapi Kris menarik tangannya. Zitao hanya menatap Kris sambil memiringkan kepalanya dan berkedip polos. \"Ii... Itu kotak bekalmu. Kau melupakannya.\" Kris merutuki mulutnya yang tergugup saat melihat tampang polos sang tunangan. Zitao hanya ber oh ria tanpa suara. Kris mengambil kotak makanan di kursi belakang lalu menyerahkannya pada Zitao. \"Kau tak perlu repot menyiapkan makanan untukku. Aku masih memiliki uang hanya untuk sekedar membeli makanan, dan lagi aku bukan anak kecil. \" Zitao menunduk sambil memperhatikan kotak bekalnya dengan pandangan sendu. \"Baiklah jika itu yang kau mau.\" \"Kau bilang apa?\" Kris bertanya karena suara Zitao yang terlampau kecil. Zitao menggeleng lalu tersenyum sendu. \"Tak apa, ge. Terima kasih mengantarkanku pulang.\" Zitao turun dari mobil, meninggalkan Kris yang tatapan herannya. Tak biasanya Zitao tak mengomel, biasanya anak itu akan menyebutkan seribu satu alasan kenapa dirinya harus membuat makanan untuk Kris saat Kris melarangnya menyiapkan kotak bekal. \"ZITAO.\" Zitao berbalik saat mendengar Kris memanggil namanya. Tampak kaca mobil Kris turun dan menatap ke arahnya \"Malam ini kau dinner dengan keluargaku kan? Kau ingin ku jemput jam berapa?\" Zitao menggeleng, Kris mengernyit. \"Aku akan pergi sendiri. Aku akan meminta paman Jung mengantarku.\" Kris menatap pagar yang tertutup itu dengan tatapan heran. Satu lagi kebiasaan Zitao yang berubah, anak itu tak merengek ingin dijemput padahal biasanya dia meminta Kris menjemputnya walau begitu banyak supir di rumahnya. Zitao benar_benar aneh hari ini, itulah yang dipikirkan Kris. Zitao masuk ke dalam mansion megah keluarga Wu, dirinya disambut pelukan hangat sang nyonya dan kecupan di pipi kiri dan kanannya. Zitao membalas dengan senyuman manis membuat nyonya Wu memekik dan mencubit pipi Zitao gemas. Tuan Wu hanya menggeleng melihat kelakuan istrinya. Dia mendekati Zitao dengan merentangkan tangannya, Zitao melangkah ke arahnya lalu memeluknya. Inilah salah satu alasan kenapa Zitao tak pernah menyerah mengejar Kris, karena kedua orangtua Kris sangat menyayanginya seperti anaknya sendiri. Bahkan mereka berdua sering kali lebih memanjakan dirinya dibandingkan Kris. \"Kenapa kau tak dijemput Kris, sayang?\" \"Aku hanya tak ingin merepotkan Kris ge, eomma. Lagi pula paman Jung hanya akan makan gaji buta jika terus berdiam diri di rumah.\" Tuan dan nyonya Wu hanya terkekeh mendengar gurauan Zitao. \"Yah sudah, kau susul saja Kris. Dia ada di taman belakang. Appa harus menyelesaikan pekerjaan dulu dan eommamu harus menyelesaikan masakannya.\" \"Kalau begitu, biarkan aku membantu eomma, appa.\" \"No, no, no. Pergilah ke taman belakang sayang. Eomma akan memanggilmu ketika semuanya selesai. Okeh?\" Zitao akhirnya pasrah, mengikuti perintah nyonya Wu untuk menemui Kris. Hening. Suasana di taman belakang keluarga Wu terlampau hening hanya ada suara jangkrik. Sedangkan kedua manusia itu memilih diam dengan kesibukan masing_masing. Kris sibuk dengan ponselnya sedangkan Zitao hanya mendongak menatap bulan dan bintang di langit. \"Apa kau membenciku, ge?\" Pertanyaan Zitao memecah keheningan. Pergerakan tangan Kris di atas ponselnya terhenti lalu menatap ke sampingnya dimana Zitao duduk. Dapat dilihatnya wajah Zitao yang cantik di bawah sinar rembulan. Kris akhirnya mengakui memang Zitao pahatan yang sangat indah bila dilihat sedekat ini. Matanya bahkan tak berkedip memperhatikan tiap inci wajah sang tunangan. \"Apa kau membenciku, ge?\" ulang Zitao. \"Kenapa kau bertanya begitu?\" Zitao mengangkat bahunya acuh, pandangan beralih ke arah Kris menatap sepasang mata elang di hadapannya. \"Aku hanya ingin tau dan mendengar langsung dari mulutmu.\" \"Aku memang tidak menyukaimu tapi bukan berarti aku membencimu.\" Zitao menyelami mata elang itu mencari secerca cinta untuknya, nyatanya hanya tatapan biasa saja yang di dapatkannya. \"Kenapa kau tak menyukaiku? Apa kurangnya aku sampai kau tak pernah membuka hati untukku?\" Kris terdiam, pertanyaan Zitao berputar di kepalanya. Harusnya ini pertanyaan yang mudah, bukannya memang banyak hal yang tak disukainya dari namja itu? Tapi ntah kenapa bibirnya tak berucap apapun seolah suaranya tak mampu keluar. \"Tak perlu menjawabnya jika kau tak tau jawabannya, karena aku sudah mengetahuinya sebelum kau menjelaskannya.\" Alis Kris bertaut tanda heran, Zitao hanya tersenyum tulus. Tangan Zitao menyentuh pipi Kris, melihat tak ada penolakan Zitao mulai mengelus pipi itu perlahan. Ini adalah skinship pertama mereka tanpa penolakan dari Kris. Kris tak bergeming, matanya menatap lurus sepasang manik panda di depannya. Bahkan ketika Zitao memajukan wajahnya dia tak bergerak sama sekali. Zitao memejamkan matanya dan mempertemukan bibirnya dengan bibir tebal yang selalu ingin di sentuhnya itu. Hanya sebuah kecupan yang tak sampai semenit tapi memberi efek yang memabukkan baginya. \"Anggap ini permintaan terakhirku. Aku berharap kau bahagia selamanya, ge.\" Zitao tersenyum sangat tulus lalu berdiri meninggalkan Kris yang masih diam mematung karena tindakan tiba_tiba Zitao. Sepersekian detik kemudian Kris tersadar dan langsung menarik tangan Zitao yang hendak beranjak dari sana. Zitao jatuh di pangkuannya, Kris menubruk bibir Zitao dengan bibirnya. Satu tangannya menarik tengkuk Zitao sedangkan yang satunya memeluk pinggang ramping itu agar tidak terjatuh. Zitao yang awalnya kaget akhirnya tersenyum dan membalas lumatan Kris dibibirnya, tangannya dia kalungkan di leher sang dominan. Zitao tersenyum dibalik ciuman mereka. Impiannya selama ini untuk merasakan bibir tebal itu akhirnya terpenuhi. Zitao menunduk malu sambil menyuapkan sedikit demi sedikit makanan ke dalam mulutnya. Bagaimana tidak, dirinya kedapatan berciuman oleh nyonya Wu saat sang tuan rumah ingin memanggil mereka makan. Bukannya marah, nyonya Wu malah terpekik senang dan menceritakan semuanya pada sang suami. Dan kini mereka menjadikan ciuman Zitao dan Kris sebagai bahan gosip di meja makan. \"Berhenti menggodanya, eomma. Zitao bahkan tak bisa menelan makanannya dengan baik karena kalian tak berhenti tertawa.\" Nyonya Wu mendengus mendengar ucapan Kris, Kris hanya memutar bolamatanya malas melihat kelakuan sang eomma. Nyonya Wu menatap lembut ke arah Zitao. \"Makan yang banyak sayang. Eomma takkan menggodamu lagi.\" Zitao mengangguk dan tersenyum menerima daging yang diletakkan sang nyonya di atas piringnya. Akhirnya makan malam mereka telah selesai. Tak ada ejekan untuk kedua sejoli itu. Hanya dentingan sendok dan garpu yang beradu dengan piring. \"Eomma, appa.\" Zitao membuka pembicaraan setelah menyelesaikan makannya. Tuan dan nyonya Wu menatap Zitao yang tampak menunduk sambil memainkan jarinya di bawah meja. Zitao tampak gugup, tak tau harus berkata apa. Matanya bergerak gelisah seolah mencari pelarian. Kris yang melihat gelagat Zitao menjadi heran ada apa dengannya. Kris merasa ada sesuatu yang coba dikatakan oleh sang tunangan dan sepertinya ini bukanlah hal yang baik. Zitao mengangkat kepalanya, menatap satu per satu orang yang berada di meja makan. \"Aku ingin membatalkan pertunangan ini.\" Akhirnya Zitao mengucapkan keinginannya. Semua orang mencoba mencerna perkataan Zitao, semua tampak kaget dengan pernyataan Zitao. \"Jangan bercanda seperti ini, sayang. Ini tidak lucu.\" Tuan Wu yang pertama menguasai dirinya dan membalas perkataan Zitao dengan tertawa pelan. Menganggap perkataan Zitao sebuah lelucon. \"Aku serius, Appa. Ini bukan candaan.\" \"Tapi kenapa, sayang? Apa alasannya?\"3 \"Aku hanya tak ingin Kris gege semakin terluka. Aku tau Kris ge tak menyukaiku dan seberapa pun aku berusaha untuk mendapatkannya dia takkan pernah menatap ke arahku.\" \"Tapi Eomma yakin nanti Kris pasti mencintaimu sayang.\" \"Tidak, Eomma. Kris ge takkan pernah menyukaiku. Ku rasa waktu setahun sudah cukup untukku memperjuangkannya. Lagipula Kris ge itu menyukai wanita bukan lelaki sepertiku.\" \"Darimana kau tau Kris menyukai wanita? Setahuku setelah bertunangan denganmu dia tak berhubungan dengan siapapun.\" \"Aku melihatnya, appa. Aku melihatnya mencium wanita lain dengan mata kepalaku sendiri.\" Tuan dan nyonya Wu menatap tajam ke arah Kris yang tampak membeku dengan perkataan Zitao. Tak menyangka sang tunangan melihat kejadian siang tadi. \"Eomma, appa tak perlu marah pada Kris ge. Disini akulah yang salah karena menghambat kebahagiaan mereka. Aku yakin Kris ge akan bahagia dengan wanita itu. Dia wanita yang baik dan cantik. Dia cocok menjadi menantu keluarga Wu.\" \"Tidak. Hanya kau yang cocok menjadi menantu keluarga Wu. Takkan ada yang mengganti posisimu. Eomma menentang siapapun yang mencoba menggantikanmu.\" Zitao tersenyum tulus lalu berjalan menghampiri nyonya Wu. Memeluk wanita paruh baya yang tengah menitikkan airmata dengan sayang. Kris melihat setiap pergerakan Zitao dalam diam. \"Eomma pernah berjanji padaku untuk mengabulkan apapun permintaanku kan? Aku mohon biarkan aku membatalkan semua ini.\" \"Tapi, Zi...\" \"Baiklah, Zi. Jika itu adalah keputusanmu. Appa mendukung apapun itu karena appa yakin kau sudah memikirkannya dengan baik.\" \"Yeoboooo..\" Tuan Wu menggenggam jemari istrinya yang tampak ingin melayangkan protes. \"Sudahlah sayang, jangan memaksakan Zitao. Selama ini mungkin Zitao terluka dengan semua ini. Jangan membuatnya semakin tersakiti dengan terus bertahan.\" Nyonya Wu masih kekeuh dengan prinsipnya dia ingin mempertahankan Zitao. Zitao berlutut di samping kursi ibu Kris, menghapus airmata itu dengan pelan. Tanpa sadar dirinya juga telah menitikkan airmata. \"Eomma jangan menangis. Aku merasa menjadi orang jahat melihat eomma seperti ini.\" Nyonya Wu menggeleng lalu memeluk Zitao dengan erat. Zitao membalasnya tak kalah erat. \"Aku masih tetap anakmu eomma. Apapun yang terjadi aku tetap anak kesayangan tuan dan nyonya Wu. Takkan ada yang berubah meskipun pertunangan ini batal.\" \"Aku tetap anak eomma yang manja dan anak appa yang manis. Aku akan tetap datang kesini saat kalian merindukanku. Karena kalian terlalu berarti untukku.\" Nyonya Wu semakin terisak di pelukan Zitao. Mereka berdua saling berpelukan dengan lelehan airmata. Tuan Wu hanya bisa mengelus punggung sang istri agar bisa tenang. \"Kau berjanji takkan melupakan eomma kan?\" \"Aku berjanji eomma. Aku menyayangimu.\" Nyonya Wu akhirnya mengangguk walau sedikit tak rela. Zitao tersenyum di sela tangisnya. Zitao dan nyonya Wu saling menghapus airmata satu sama lain. Nyonya Wu bahakan menciumi seluruh wajah Zitao dengan sayang. Zitao memeluk tuan Wu setelah melihat nyonya Wu tenang. Dengan langkah gontai Zitao mendekati Kris, melepaskan cincin emas putih yang berada di jari manisnya, meraih tangan Kris dan meletakkannya disana. Kris masih setia dengan sikap diamnya. Tak ada kata atau pergerakan yang dilakukannya. Menatap Zitao dengan tatapan yang sulit diartikan. \"Sematkanlah cincin itu di jari yang seharusnya. Kau pantas bahagia bersama pilihanmu. Wo ai ni, ge. \" Setelah mengucapkan kalimat itu Zitao berjalan mundur lalu membungkuk sopan kepada sang tuan rumah. Membalikkan badannya untuk meninggalkan mansion megah itu. Zitao sudah bertekad untuk menghapus masa lalunya bersama Kris dan memulai hidup yang baru. Benar kata Sehun dia harus menyerah saat sudah tak sanggup lagi. Dan ini adalah batas kekuatannya untuk berjuang. Langkah Zitao meninggalkan mansion itu diiringi tangisan nyonya Wu dan bentakan tuan Wu menyalahkan anaknya yang tak bisa menjaga dan menghargai Zitao. Zitao berlari ke arah namja yang menunggunya di depan mansion sambil merentangkan tangannya itu. Menghambur ke pelukannya menumpahkan tangis yang tadinya sudah berhenti kini lolos kembali. \"Kau sudah melakukan hal yang benar. Ayo kita pulang.\" Zitao mengangguk, lalu masuk ke dalam mobil saat sang namja membuka pintu penumpang untuknya. \"Terima kasih, ge.\" \"Apapun untukmu, sayang.\" Namja itu yang tak lain adalah Sehun mengelus kepala Zitao lembut sebelum menjalankan mobilnya keluar pekarangan mansion Wu. Zitao hanya menatap mansion megah itu melalui spion. Berharap keputusannya kali ini benar. Walaupun terasa begitu menyakitkan tapi setidaknya ada perasaan lega di hatinya. Walaupun berat untuk melepaskan tapi akan terasa lebih percuma untuk mempertahankan sesuatu yang sia_sia. Biarkan ini menjadi kenangan, bahwa dirinya pernah menjadi tunangan seseorang di masa lalu. Tunangan seorang Kris Wu. END or TBC? ","Summary":" Zitao berjalan riang menyusuri koridor. Bibir curvenya bersenandung kecil dengan senyuman manis yan"},{"Movie":"Boys Love ボーイズ ラブ","Title":"I'm Not a Girl","Author":"Chimmy15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13191026","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Di sebuah rumah yang besar dan mewah, terdapat tiga manusia yang sedang beradu argumen. \"Kau harus melakukannya, Yuan!\" Seorang wanita paruh baya berucap dengan lantang. Sedikit berteriak. \"Tidak bu. Aku tidak mau. Aku ini laki-laki. Apa Ibu lupa?\" Seorang lelaki muda yang di panggil Yuan itu sedikit berteriak. \"Yuan, Ayah mohon.. Sekali ini saja kau menuruti kemauan Ayah dan Ibu.\" Ucap seorang pria berkacamata, yang ternyata adalah Ayah dari anak bernama Yuan dengan sedikit memohon. \"Tapi Ayah, bagaimana mungkin aku melakukannya? Aku ini laki-laki. Selamanya akan begitu. Lalu bagaimana jika semua orang mengetahuinya?\" Ayah dan Ibu terdiam mendengar jawaban sang putra. \"Ibu tak mau tahu Yuan, kau harus melakukannya. Kau harus pergi ke pesta itu dengan menggunakan ini. Jika tidak, Ibu akan menjual mobil sportmu.\" Ibu meletakan sebuah kotak persegi diatas meja. Setelahnya segera bangun dari duduknya, berjalan menaiki tangga. Meninggalkan anak dan suaminya. Bahu Yuan naik turun, pertanda ia sedang marah. Kenapa semua ini harus terjadi padanya?Dosa apa yang telah dilakukannya? Mengapa Tuhan begitu tega menghukumnya seperti ini? 'Sial..' Batinnya. Sebenarnya ia tak masalah jika harus pergi ke sebuah pesta. Yang jadi masalahnya adalah ia harus menggunakan dress. Ingat dress. Garis bawahi Dress. Hell.. Yuan itu laki-laki bukan perempuan. Dan ia jantan jika kalian ingin tau. Ia di lahirkan sebagai seorang laki-laki, tapi kenapa kedua orang tuanya malah menyuruhnya menghadiri pesta sebagai seorang perempuan? Sungguh, malang sekali nasib seorang Wang Yuan.. \"Ikutilah kemauan Ibumu, ini yang terbaik untuk kita Yuan, Ayah tahu ini berat bagimu. Tapi mau bagaimana lagi. Jika kau tak melakukannya, maka perusahaan kita akan berakhir. Kau tak ingin bukan jika perusahaan kita berakhir? Kau tak akan mendapatkan lagi apa yang kau inginkan. Kau tidak ingin bukan jika kita hidup di jalanan?\" Ujar Ayah Yuan panjang lebar, penuh permohonan. Yuan terdiam mencerna perkataan Ayahnya. Memang ada benarnya apa yang dikatakan Ayahnya, jika perusahaan keluarganya bangkrut, tentu saja semuanya akan hancur. Ia tak akan mendapatkan apa yang diinginkannya, ia tak bisa melanjutkan sekolahnya, ia juga tak bisa membeli mobil-mobil sport keluaran terbaru lagi. Dan apakah ia juga akan tidur di jalanan? Memikirkannya saja membuatnya bergidik ngeri. \"Baiklah Ayah aku akan melakukannya, tapi ingat hanya kali ini saja. Aku tak ingin melakukan hal bodoh lagi setelah ini.\" Ujarnya dengan nada ketus. Yaa.. Lebih baik menjadi wanita sehari, daripada harus hidup di jalanan setiap harinya. Begitulah-kira kira pemikiran Yuan. Seketika wajah Ayah Yuan mendadak berubah menjadi ceria, Ayahnya tersenyum senang. Ayahnya memang selalu bisa membujuk Yuan. Ia begitu menyayangi anak satu satunya itu. Tentu saja Ibunya juga menyayangi Yuan, hanya saja perlakuan mereka berbeda terhadap Yuan. Ayahnya selalu bisa membujuk Yuan dengan cara yang lembut, halus dan tak lupa juga Ayah selalu sabar. Berbeda dengan Ibunya yang tak sabaran. \"Benarkan itu Yuan? Kau tak bohong pada ayah 'kan?\" Tanya Ayah Yuan antusias. Kaget bercampur senang. \"Tentu saja Ayah, aku tidak berbohong..\" Ujar Yuan malas. Ayah mendekat kearah Yuan, lalu memeluk anak semata wayangnya. \"Terima kasih Nak..\" Ujar sang Ayah disela pelukannya. Yuan lalu membalas pelukan ayah. \"Sama sama Ayah..\" Yuan berujar. Menarik sudut bibirnya untuk tersenyum. Tanpa sepengetahuan Yuan, Ayah tersenyum pada Ibu yang ternyata tidak benar-benar pergi meninggalkan keduanya. Ibu mengangkat jempol pada Ayah, Ayah membalasnya dengan senyuman remeh pada Ibu. Membuat Ibu Yuan kesal. \"Yuan, kau sudah memakai bajunya?\" Tanya Ibu saat sudah masuk ke dalam kamar Yuan. \"Astagaa Yuan.. Kau belum memakai apapun?\" Ny.Wang kaget bukan main. Yuan belum memakai satu pakaian pun yang telah disiapkan sang Ibu. Ia masih mengenakan pakaian santai, kaos lengan pendek berwarna putih dan celana hitam selutut. \"Ibu aku tak ingin memakai ini..\" Rengek Yuan. Tangannya ia angkat untuk memperlihatkan sebuah benda berbentuk kacamata (?) pada Ibu. Ibu terkekeh. \"Kenapa tak ingin hmm?\" \"Tentu saja aku tak mau, aku tidak akan nyaman memakainya bu. Jadi tak apa ya bu, jika aku tak memakainya?\" Ujar Yuan manja, ada nada memohon saat ia berbicara. Ia berharap sang Ibu akan berbaik hati padanya. \"Yuan, dengarkan Ibu. Jika kau tak memakai ini, kau akan ketahuan. Dan kau tau, Nak? Seorang perempuan cantik harus memiliki dada yang besar. Dan lihatlah punyamu rata sayang.\" Ujar sang Ibu dengan santainya. Yuan? Ia melotot mendengar penuturan Ibunya. Yuan memegang kedua dadanya yang memang rata. Tentu saja rata, Ia kan seorang laki laki. \"Ibuuu~ Ayolah bu.. Sungguh, aku tak ingin memakainya.\" \"Dilarang membantah. Cepatlah pakai..\" Yuan hanya terdiam. Ia terus menatap benda berbentuk kacamata itu, Ibu Yuan yang melihat anaknya hanya terdiam mematung pun tampak kesal. \"Yuan. Kenapa kau malah diam? Cepatlah Nak, kita tidak punya waktu.\" Ujar Ibunya. \"Ibu aku tak tau cara memakainya\" Ujar Yuan sambil mengayun-ayunkan benda pelindung gunung kembar yang tak akan pernah meletus itu (?) di udara. Lagi-lagi sang Ibu dibuat terkekeh, ia baru sadar jika anaknya ini seorang laki-laki. \"Kau ini. Sini Ibu pakaikan.\" Dengan cepat Ibu Yuan memakaikan benda berbentuk kacamata itu. \"Pakailah pakaianmu di kamar mandi secepat mungkin, sebentar lagi Bibi Elizabeth akan datang.\"Titah Ibunya. \"Siapa Bibi Elizabeth itu bu?\" Tanya Yuan penasaran sebelum memasuki kamar mandi di kamarnya. \"Ah iya, Ibu lupa memberitahumu. Bibi Elizabeth yang akan merias wajahmu.\" Ujar Ibu Yuan sambil membereskan kamar anaknya yang sedikit berantakan. \"Oh merias wajahku..\" Yuan membeo. Ia berjalan menuju kamar mandi. Namun seketika ia mematung, memikirkan perkataan sang Ibu. Tunggu, merias? merias wajahnya? Seketika matanya melotot menatap sang Ibu dengan tatapan horror. \"APAA? MERIAS?\" Yuan berteriak keras. Seketika menghentikan langkahnya untuk ke kamar mandi. Berbalik badan dan berlari pada Ibunya. Rasanya Yuan akan mati saat ini juga. Kenapa dunia ini begitu kejam padanya? Yuan yang malang.. \"Yak!! Kau jangan berteriak pada Ibumu. Ibu bisa tuli mendengar teriakanmu.\" Ibu mengusap kedua telinganya. \"hehe maafkan aku bu.. Aku hanya tak ingin merias wajah tampanku bu.. Aku sudah cukup manis kok..\" Ujar Yuan sambil mengedipkan matanya. \"Tidak Yuan, wajahmu harus dirias, jika tidak kau akan terlihat seperti seorang banci.\" Ujar Ibunya. Banci? Bukankah jika wajahnya di make up, ia akan terlihat seperti seorang banci? Pikirnya. \"Oh ya Yuan, jangan lupa masukkan beberapa kaos kaki ke dalam itu, agar terlihat lebih berisi.\" Lanjut Ibunya, telunjuknya menunjuk pada dada Yuan yang rata. \"MWO??\" \"Apa Ibu bercanda?\" \"Tentu saja tidak. Cepatlah pakai bajumu.\" Ucap Ibunya tegas. \"Tapi-- Ya ya baiklah.\" Yuan pasrah, Ibu menatapnya dengan tatapan mematikan. Sungguh, Dewa keberuntungan sedang tak berpihak padanya.. Sungguh, pakaian ini sangat tidak nyaman sekali, terlalu ketat dan terlalu pendek. Ia melihat bayangannya di cermin. Sangat menjijikan pikirnya. Ia seperti seorang banci saja. Tapi jika di lihat lihat, wajahnya yang mengenakan make up membuatnya terlihat cantik dan manis. Aish tidak, tidak. Ia tampan dan juga manly. \"Yuan pakailah ini.\" Uajr Ibunya yang tiba-tiba sudah berada di belakangnya. Yuan membalikkan badannya dan. \"Apaa??\" Lagi-lagi Yuan berteriak dan membulatkan matanya. \"Ibu aku tak bisa memakainya, bagaimana jika aku terjatuh?.\" Protes Yuan. \"Kau tidak akan terjatuh jika kau duduk manis. Dan tidak berlarian kesana kemari.\" Ujar Ibunya dan segera keluar dari kamarnya. Lagi, Yuan hanya bisa pasrah. Ia menyesal telah mengikuti kemauan orang tuanya. \"Arrgghh.. Cobaan apa lagi ini?\" Teriak Yuan frustasi. Bagaimana tidak, ia disuruh menyamar jadi seorang perempuan, mengenakan dress berwarna coklat diatas lutut, memakai rambut palsu, wajahnya pun dirias menggunakan make up. Dan jangan lupa, ia juga memakai sebuah bra yang diisi dengan kaos kaki. Entah itu kaos kaki baru/bekas. Dan sekarang ia harus memakai high heels? 'Kenapa kesialan begitu mencintaiku?' Batin Yuan. Sungguh, sangat malang nasibnya. Yuan turun dari mobil mewahnya bersama kedua ornag tuanya. \"Tersenyumlah yang manis Yuan, dan bersikaplah anggun layaknya seorang perempuan. Ahh.. Ingat namamu Yura.\" Ibu Yuan mengingtkan. Membuat Yuan mendengus sebal, berkali-kali Ibu mengatakan hal yang sama. Namun ia tetap menuruti perintah Ibunya. 'Demi tidak tidur di jalanan, dan demi mobil sport baru.' Ujarnya dalam hati menenangkan dirinya sendiri. Iapun tersenyum semanis mungkin pada Ibunya yang terus menatapnya tajam. Sedangkan Ayahnya hanya terkekeh. \"Apakah ini putri anda Ny.Wang?\" Tanya seorang kerabat Ibu Yuan. \"Ah Iya benar Ny.Lee, Yura beri salam pada Ny.Lee.\" \"I-i-iya, se-selamat malam Bibi Lee, Namaku Wang Yura.\" Yuan gugup. \"Nama yang cantik, seperti orangnya.\" Ujar seorang laki-laki tampan yang tiba-tiba muncul dihadapan Yuan. \"Lee Junkai. Kau dari mana saja nak? Dari tadi Ibu mencarimu.\" Ternyata lelaki tampan itu bernama Lee Junkai. Junkai adalah putra tunggal Ny.Lee. \"Dari tadi aku di depan pintu bu, aku memperhatikan perempuan manis ini.\" Junkai jujur. Tak berhenti menatap perempuan cantik di hadapannya, sesekali ia mengedipkan mata pada perempuan cantik yang dikethui namanya Yura. Membuat perempuan bernama Yuar kesal dan menatap tajam pada Junkai. 'Sialan kau.. Aku ini laki laki, bodoh' Kesalnya. \"Haha.. Kau ini nak.\" Ujar Ny.Lee. Sedangkan Ny.Wang hanya tersenyum. Memang benar anaknya sangat manis. \"Bibi.. Bolehkah aku meminjam anak Bibi sebentar?\" Tanya Junkai pada orang tua Yuan dengan sopan. \"Tentu saja boleh.\" Ny.Wang tersenyum pada Junkai. Yuan menatap Ibunya tajam, yang tentu saja diabaikan oleh Sang Ibu. \"Baiklah.. Mari tuan Putri.\" Ujar Junkai membungkukkan badan, dan tak lupa ia mengulurkan tangan kanannya. Yuan hanya mematung. Ia bersumpah, rasanya ingin sekali ia menendang laki laki dihadapannya ini. Tiba tiba saja ia teringat pada Jackson dan Zhihong sahabat karibnya. Jika mereka tau tentang dirinya yang menyamar jadu seorang perempuan, ia yakin dua sahabatnya akan menertawakan dirinya. Berdoalah semoga mereka tak tau. Setelah beberapa lama ia terdiam, akhirnya Yuan menerima uluran tangan Junkai. Ia akui Junkai memang tampan, tapi tentu saja lebih tampan dirinya jika ia tak memakai pakaian bodoh dan memoles wajahnya dengan make up. Sungguh, menyedihkan sekaki nasib seorang Wang Yuan.. Junkai membawa Yuan ke taman belakang. Suasananya berbeda dengan suasana di dalam mansion mewah itu. Suasana di dalam begitu berisik, berbeda dengan di taman yang sepi dan tentu saja tenang. Yuan menghela nafas, sungguh disini damai sekali. Yuan merasa seseorang tengah menatapnya, ia menoleh ke samping. Dan benar saja, Junkai terus menatapnya tanpa berkedip sambil tersenyum manis padanya. Yuan lupa bahwa yang mengajaknya kemari adalah Junkai. \"Apa liat liat?\" Tanyanya judes. Ada nada kesal dari bicaranya. Sungguh, ia tak suka ditatap seperti itu. Jantungnya berdebar tak karuan. 'Jantung bodoh, berhentilah berdebar.' Batinnya. \"Aku hanya senang melihatmu, kau cantik dan begitu manis.\" Ujar Junkai masih mempertahankan senyumnya. 'Sialan kau, aku ini tampan, bodoh' Batin Yuan kesal. Ingin sekali Yuan menampar, tidak, meninju laki laki disebelahnya ini. \"Yaa.. Lalu kenapa jika aku cantik dan manis?\" Tanya Yuan cuek. Junkai tak menjawab pertanyaan Yuan, ia malah mendekatkan wajah tampannya pada wajah manis Yuan. \"Yakk.. Berhenti. Apa yang kau lakukan bodoh.\" Yuan berteriak. Jantungnya berdebar lebih kencang dari sebelumnya. Tak ada jawaban dari Junkai, Yuan hanya mematung. Jantungnya malah berdetak kencang. 'Sial.. Apa yang akan dilakukannya padaku?' Tanyanya dalam hati. Dan.. Yuan merasakan sebuah benda basah dan kenyal menempel pada bibirnya, ia terdiam. 'Shit.. Ia menciumku? Ibuuu dia mencuri first kiss ku..' Batinnya berteriak. Ia berusaha menjauhkan tubuh Junkai darinya, tapi nihil Yuan mendadak tak bisa bergerak. 'Sial.. kenapa malah tak bisa bergerak?' Setelah dirasa ia sdh bisa bergerak, dengan cepat ia mendorong tubuh Junkai agar menjauh darinya. \"Sialan kau..\" Ujarnya. Lalu segera meninggalkan Junkai yang terdiam, dan tak percaya dengan apa yang dilakukannya. 'Hell.. Apa yang sudah aku lakukan?' Batin Junkai. Ia segera berlari menyusul Yuan, ia harus meminta maaf. Junkai terus mencari sosok perempan manis yang tak sengaja diciumnya, tapi nihil ia tak menemukan perempuan itu. Junkai melihat Tuan dan Ny.Wang masih ada di dalam mansion, meminum teh sambil mengobrol dengan orang tuanya. Junkai yakin, Yura (Yuan) masih ada disini. Ia segera berlari keluar dari mansion, hatinya berkata bahwa Yura, perempuan manis itu ada diluar. Dan benar saja, Yura berada diluar mansion, berdiri seorang diri menatap langit malam. \"Mau apa kau?\" Junkai benar benar terkejut, mengapa gadis itu bisa tau dia ada di belakangnya, padahal ia berjalan dengan pelan tanpa mengeluarkan suara. Junkai berusaha tenang. \"Maaf..\" Itu kata yang keluar dari mulut Junkai. \"Maaf.. Yura, aku minta maaf karena menciummu, aku sungguh tak sengaja.\" Ujar Junkai penuh penyesalan. \"Kau tau itu adalah ciuman pertamaku? Aku belum pernah berciuman dengan siapapun, dan sekarang kau mencurinya?\" Teriak Yuan, tanpa dikomando satu tetes air bening telah keluar dari mata indahnya. Junkai merasa suara Yura berubah, lebih terdengar seperti seorang laki laki? Tapi Junkai tak memperdulikan itu. Yuan sangat sedih ciuman pertamanya telah dicuri oleh seorang lelaki yang baru dikenalnya beberapa jam yang lalu. Dan jangan lupakan seseorang itu adalah laki laki, sama sepertinya. Ingat Yuan juga laki laki, ia hanya sedang menyamar jadi seorang perempuan. Junkai? Ia tak tau hal itu. 'Aku ini laki laki.' Batin Yuan sedih. \"Yura.. Kumohon maafkan aku, aku mohon jangan membenciku, jangan marah padaku, tolong jangan menangis.. Aku mencintaimu Yura..\" Ujar Junkai menunduk, lalu berlutut pada Yura (Yuan). Hati Yuan tersentuh ketika melihat Junkai yang berlutut padanya dan meminta maaf dengan tulus. Hatinya berdebar ketika mendengar perkataan Junkai yang terakhir. Yuan menatap lelaki itu dengan tatapan sedih. 'Andai kau tau, aku ini seorang laki laki.' Batinnya. Yuan memegang kedua bahu Junkai. \"Bangunlah..\" Ujarnya dengan suara yang sedikit bergetar. Ia menangis. Dengan ragu Junkai mengangkat tangannya, lalu menghapus air mata yang mengalir dipipi mulus Yuan. \"Maafkan aku, aku tak akan mengulanginya lagi.\" Ujar Junkai lembut, lalu memeluk tubuh Yuan dan mengusap kepala Yuan dengan sayang. \"Aku sudah memaafkanmu.\" Ujar Yuan disela pelukannya. \"Terima kasih.\" Ujar Junkai dan semakin mempererat pelukannya. Hati Yuan menghangat saat Junkai memeluknya. Ada perasaan nyaman menyelimutinya. Yuanpun segera membalas pelukan Junkai. Setelah sekitar tiga menit mereka berpelukan, akhirnya Junkai melepas pelukannya. \"Yura, Aku mencintaimu.\" Ujar Junkai menatap mata Yuan dalam. Yuan hanya terdiam, ia menunduk. Yuan seorang laki laki, bagaimana jika ia tau? Ahh, tapi lebih baik jika ia berkata jujur pada Junkai, Yuan tak ingin membohongi laki laki dihadapannya, Yuan yakin Junkai adalah orang yang baik. \"Maafkan aku Junkai, aku tidak bisa.\" Ujar Yuan masih menunduk dan menggigit bibir bawahnya. \" Kenapa? Apa kau tak menyukaiku? Atau mungkin kau sudah punya kekasih?\" Tanya Junkai sedikit kecewa. Yuan hanya menggelengkan kepalanya. \"Lalu?\" Tany Junkai. \"A..a..a..aku aku se.. seorang laki laki, sama sepertimu.\" Ujar Yuan membuang muka ke samping, ia tak ingin melihat wajah Junkai, pipi Yuan memerah karena malu, mungkin setelah ini Junkai akan membencinya, karena merasa dibohongi olehnya. Tanpa Yuan sadari, Junkai tersenyum manis padanya. \"Memang kenapa jika kau laki laki hmm? Aku tak peduli jika kau laki laki atau perempuan, aku mencintaimu. Siapapun kau, aku akan tetap mencintaimu.\" Ungkap Junkai tersenyum manis pada Yuan sambil menangkup kedua pipi mulus Yuan. \"Dan aku sudah tau jika kau laki laki.\" Tambahnya. Yuan melotot tak percaya. \"Ba..ba..bagaimana kau tau?\" Tanya Yuan. \"Dari caramu berjalan, kau terlihat risih memakai high heels, dan saat kau berteriak tadi padaku, suaramu jadi berbeda. Dan sekarang kau menangis, make up mu luntur.\" Ujar Junkai sambil tersenyum. \"Aku mencintaimu.\" Ujar Junkai membuat Yuan menangis lagi. \"Te..terima kasih.\" Ujar Yuan terisak. \"Untuk apa hmm?\" Tanya Junkai. \"Karena telah menerimaku apa adanya.\" Ujar Yuan menunduk. Junkai segera memeluk tubuh mungil Yuan, mengusap kepalanya sayang. Tak lupa ia juga mencium kening Yuan. \"Wo ai ni.\" Ujar Junkai. \"Wo ye ai ni.\" Balas Yuan. Kedua insan itupun kembali berpelukan. Langit malam, yang penuh dengan bintang menjadi saksi cinta mereka. END Makasih buat yang udah baca, maafkan typo yang bertebaran. Dan maafkan ceritanya yang ga jelas. Aku tak jago dalam membuat cerita.. Jangan lupa Voment yaa.. ","Summary":" Di sebuah rumah yang besar dan mewah, terdapat tiga manusia yang sedang beradu argumen. \"Kau harus"},{"Movie":"Boys Love ボーイズ ラブ","Title":"Slave","Author":"SweetieAlien","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12561306","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ,Minseoku,\" hlas mé mámy se ozval z kuchyně. Vylezl jsem z postele a vydal se za ní, abych zjistil co potřebuje. Seběhl jsem schody do přízemí a zamířil si to do kuchyně. ,Co potře-...\" zarazil jsem se uprostřed slova. Zůstal jsem stát na prahu, když jsem si všiml obálky v její ruce. ,Přišel ti dopis ze školy. Píše se tam,\" odmlčela se a sklopila pohled na obálku. ,Komu budeš patřit,\" nasucho jsem polkl a po vratkých nohách se vydal za mámou. Posadil jsem se na židli vedle ní a pohledem hypnotizoval bělostnou obálku a mým jménem. Podala mi ji a já ji uchopil roztřesenými prsty. Pomalu jsem ji začal otevírat. Vytáhl jsem z ní papír a očima přelétával řádky, hledajíc ono důležité jméno, které bylo napsáno až na konci. Bylo tam napsané mě velmi známé jméno i s adresou. ,Tak co zlatíčko. Kdo to je?\" zeptala se mě máma nedočkavě, když jsem několik vteřin zíral na papír. ,P-pamatuješ na.. na Jongdaeho?\" polkl jsem a podíval se na ni očima, které se začínaly zalívat slzami. ,Samozřejmě. Na Jongdaeho se nedá zapomenout,\" usmála se při vzpomínce na mého starého kamaráda. ,Proč se ptáš?\" občas jí některé věci docházely trochu později. ,To... Přiřadili mě k němu... Mami... Jongdae je... Je můj silnější partner,\" chtělo se mi brečet. Ano, znali jsme se, ale... Určitě už to nebude ten starý a milující Jongdae, který na mě nedal dopustit. Nevím, jak ho ve škole změnili. Nemohli jsme se s nimi stýkat. Ani ve škole, ani po škole. Jako studenti jsme byli přísně střeženi. ,Vždyť je to Jongdae. Znáte se,\" usmála se a dlaň položila na mou ruku, ve snaze mě aspoň trochu uklidnit. ,Nikdy by ti neublížil,\" darovala mi povzbudivý úsměv. ,Určitě se změnil. Změnili mě, změnili i jej,\" sklopil jsem pohled k zemi a snažil se zahnat slzy. ,Mám být u něj už dneska,\" podíval jsem se na adresu a vybavila se mi velká spousta vzpomínek. ,Měl by ses jít sbalit,\" odpověděl jsem pouhým kývnutím a pokusil jsem se o úsměv. ,Chceš pomoct?\" ,Ne. To... To zvládnu,\" sklopil jsem pohled a bez dalších zbytečných slov se vydal do pokoje, abych si mohl sbalit věci. Vytáhl jsem si velký kufr, do kterého jsem naházel všechno oblečení. Zabalil jsem si i kartáček na zuby, nabíječku na mobil a tři páry bot. Celkem jsem se i divil, že se mi tam všechno vlezlo. Oblékl jsem si na sebe mikinu a vzal do ruky kufr. Opustil jsem můj pokoj a šel dolů za mámou, abych se s ní mohl rozloučit. Nejdříve jsem šel do předsíně, kde jsem si nechal kufr a potom šel za mámou zpět do kuchyně. Seděla na židli u stolu s propletenými prsty a pohledem hypnotizovala desku stolu. ,Mami?\" špitl jsem a rukávy mikiny si přetáhl přes dlaně. ,Už půjdu,\" pousmál jsem se a přešel k ní, abych se mohl rozloučit a pořádně jí obejmout. Vyskočila ze židle a přiskočila ke mě. ,Odvezu tě tam zlatíčko,\" ,Ale... Vždy já tam zvládnu dojít sám,\" nechápavě jsem ji pozoroval, ale i tak jsem měl na tváři přihlouplý úsměv. ,Já vím že ano, ale chci s tebou být dokud budu moct,\" pohladila mě po tváři, popadla za ruku a táhla do předsíně. Popadl jsem svůj kufr a spolu s ní se vydal k autu. Odemkla ho a já svůj kufr hodil na zadní sedadla. Sedl jsem si na sedadlo spolujezdce, upásal se a hlavou se opřel o okno. ,Bojím se,\" zamumlal jsem a zavřel oči. Chtěl jsem usnout a nejlépe se už nikdy neprobudit. Ano, je pravda, že Jongdae je můj starý kamarád, ale neviděli jsme se několik let a je mi na 100% jasné, že jej ve škole změnili stejně jako mě. Pamatuju si na to, jak jsem na základní škole rád rval s ostatními a tím jsem dával najevo, že si se mnou nemá jen tak někdo zahrávat. No... Přišel jsem na střední, kde mě tohle všechno odnaučili a já teď na takové věci nemám ani pomyšlení. ,Neboj. Je to jen Jongdae. Ten by ti neublížil,\" povzdychl jsem si. Je celkem marné ji vysvětlovat, že na střední každého změní k nepoznání. Nebo je tady druhá možnost a to je ta, že se nedokáže smířit s tím, že by byl j její syn bit svým starým kamarádem. A myslím, že číslo dva je správně. ,I tak se bojím. Nikdy nevíš kdy mu přeskočí a čeho bude schopný,\" svíral se mi žaludek, když jsem si uvědomil, že se každou chvílí blížíme k mému novému domovu. Sotva jsme vyjeli do oné ulice, začaly se mi třást ruce a já měl pocit, jako bych měl každou chvílí omdlít. ,Jsme tady Minnie,\" jednou rukou mi přejížděla po paži ve snaze mě uklidnit. ,Kdykoli budeš moct, zavolej mi,\" políbila mě na spánek a povzbudivě se usmála. ,Zvládneš to sám, že ano?\" jen jsem kývl hlavou a chystal se vystoupit. ,Někdy vás i s tátou přijdeme navštívit,\" ,Dobře. Jen mi to ohlašte dopředu,\" vystoupil jsem z auta a vytáhl si kufr. Zavřel jsem dveře a mámě ještě jednou zamával, než mě tady nechala stát samotného před domem mého starého přítele a nynějšího partnera. ","Summary":" ,Minseoku,\" hlas mé mámy se ozval z kuchyně. Vylezl jsem z postele a vydal se za ní, abych zjistil"},{"Movie":"Boys Love ボーイズ ラブ","Title":"Insomnia and Schizophrenia YoonMin","Author":"KilluaSad","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13058301","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 【 障害の依存愛 】 Min Yoon Gi y Park Ji Min son rechazados por la sociedad, puesto a que ambos sufren de trastornos graves. Park de Insomnio, Min de Esquizofrenia. Ambos defectuosos, y serán el único consuelo para el otro. ","Summary":" 【 障害の依存愛 】 Min Yoon Gi y Park Ji Min son rechazados por la sociedad, puesto a que ambos sufren de t"},{"Movie":"Boys Love ボーイズ ラブ","Title":"Memories of Christmas","Author":"Bubblegirl1220","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9948934","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author : Bubbletea1220 Cast : Oh Sehun, Xi Luhan Warning : YAOI a.k.a Boys love, Typo(s) bertebaran dimana-mana. Seoul,24 Desember 2013 23:00 KST Tap... Tap... Tap... Tepat sekitar 1 jam lagi adalah hari natal. Seorang namja tampan terlihat berjalan disebuah taman yang diselimuti salju. Ia melangkahkan kakinya menuju salah satu bangku taman. Senyum miris terpatri di wajah tampannya ketika bayangan masa lalu itu kembali menghampirinya. Tanpa sadar ia menggenggam erat sebuket bunga yang ia bawa. Airmata mulai membasahi pipi tirusnya. Kenangan masalalu itu membuat dadanya sesak. Ia merindukan 'Rusa'nya. Ia merindukan 'Rusa' yang pergi meninggalkannya untuk selamanya. Tepat disaat semua orang merasakan kebahagiaan natal, 'Rusa'nya itu malah pergi meninggalkannya untuk selamanya. Seoul, 24 Desember 2011 23:00 KST Seorang namja manis dan Seorang namja tampan terlihat sedang duduk berdua disebuah bangku taman. sang namja manis terlihat begitu pucat. tangan mereka saling mengait satu sama lain. \"Sehun...\" panggil namja manis itu pada sang namja tampan disebelahnya, Oh Sehun. \"Apa Lu?\" sanggah Sehun pada namja manis disebelahnya, Xi Luhan. yang tidak lain adalah kekasihnya. Kekasih? Bukankah mereka berdua namja? Ya. mereka adalah salah satu dari sekian banyak pasangan Gay di Korea. Mereka tahu bahwa hubungan mereka ini salah. Mereka tak seharusnya saling mencintai seperti ini. Tapi apa yang bisa mereka lakukan? Jika takdir mengharuskan mereka saling mencintai, apakah mereka bisa menolak? \"Jika aku pergi apa yang akan kau lakukan?\" tanya Luhan. Sehun mengalihkan pandangannya pada Sang Rusa disampingnya. \"Aku akan mencarimu deer...\" jawab Sehun dengan eyesmile andalannya. Luhan sempat terpaku untuk beberapa detik. \"Lalu jika Tuhan memanggilku malam ini juga apa yang akan kau lakukan?\" pertanyaan luhan kali ini membuat sehun tersentak. ia menatap wajah pucat kekasihnya. \"Kenapa kau bertanya seperti itu deer?\" \"Aniyo... aku hanya bertanya cepat jawab pertanyaanku.\" \"Aku akan merelakanmu Lu. Aku akan selalu menyimpan namamu dihatiku. Aku tidak akan melupakanmu. Aku akan hidup dengan membawa cintaku ini untukmu selamanya Lu.\" jawab Sehun dengan menangkup wajah pucat luhan dengan tangannya. \"Lu... Kau harus meyakinkan dirimu bahwa kau bisa sembuh dari penyakitmu ini.\" lanjut sehun. Luhan hanya menatapnya sendu. \"Tapi dokter bilang waktuku sudah tak-\" \"Dokter bukan Tuhan Xi Luhan! Dia bukan tuhan yang berhak menentukan hidup dan mati seseorang.\" Potong sehun dengan nada suara yang ia naikan. \"Aku tahu...\" jawab Luhan lalu menunduk dalam. Hening~ Tidak ada percakapan lagi diantara sepasang kekasih itu. Sehun melirik jam tangannya. Pukul 23:30, setengah jam lagi menuju hari natal. Keheningan itu terus berlanjut hingga akhirnya Luhan memecahkan keheningan diantara mereka. \"Sehun... Aku lelah... aku ingin istirahat...\" \"Tidurlah Lu. Aku akan membangunkanmu nanti.\" Luhanpun menyandarkan kepalanya pada bahu sehun. Sedangkan sehun merangkul bahu luhan dan sesekali mengelus lembut rambut Luhan. Pukul 23:45 \"Hunnie...\" Panggil Luhan. \"Hmm...\" sehun hanya menggumam untuk membalas panggilan Luhan. \"Aku melihat Eomma mengulurkan tangannya padaku...\" Sehun tersentak. ia mengalihkan pandangannya pada Luhan yang telah menutup matanya. \"Lu... Jangan bicara macam-macam...\" \"Aku serius sehun.\" Hening lagi~ \"Sehun...Eomma mengajakku pergi... Jaga dirimu baik-baik... carilah orang yang lebih baik dariku... hiduplah dengan bahagia tanpa aku disisimu...Saranghae...\" Pukul 00:00 Teng...Teng...Teng~ Tepat ketika Natal tiba, Luhan pergi. Luhan pergi meninggalkan Sehun untuk selamanya. \"Lu...Jangan bercanda Lu... Ireona...XI LUHAN IREONA!\" ucap Sehun dengan mengguncangkan jasad Luhan. \"Hiks...Lu ireona... Jangan tinggalkan aku lu...Kau berjanji akan sembuh kan lu? Jadi bangunlah jangan tinggalkan aku...hiks...Nado saranghae deer...hiks...XI LUHAN!\" sehun terus menangis dengan menyerukan nama Luhan tanpa memperdulikan tatapan pilu dari beberapa orang yang kebetulan merayakan natal di taman itu juga. \"Hiks...Luhannie...ireona...\" lirih sehun Disaat semua orang merasakan kebahagiaan natal. Oh sehun harus menelan kepahitan. orang yang ia cintai pergi meninggalkannya untuk SELAMANYA. Seoul,23 Desember 2013 23:55 KST \"Annyeong Deer...\" ucap Sehun entah pada siapa. \"Kau tahu selama 2 tahun ini aku tidak bisa melupakanmu. maafkan aku tidak bisa memenuhi permintaan terakhirmu untuk mencari pengganti yang lebih baik darimu. karena bagiku kau adalah yang terbaik lu.\" lanjutnya dan meletakkan buket bunga yang ia bawa diatas bangku taman tersebut. bangku taman yang menjadi saksi atas kejadian pahit dalam hidupnya itu. \"1 bulan lagi aku akan menikah dengan orang yang dipilihkan eomma. dan kau tahu siapa orang itu? dia Kim Jongin. seperti yang kau dengar, eomma telah mengetahui perbedaanku ini. ia mencarikan seorang namja untu menikah denganku. bukankah eomma sangat baik? ia bahkan rela dipukuli oleh appa karena mencarikan seorang namja untukku bukannya seorang yeoja.\" airmata itu terus mengalir membasahi pipi tirusnya. \"Demi apapun Lu...aku tidak mencintainya...aku hanya mencintaimu...\" Tepat saat Sehun mengucapkan kata-kata itu, Lonceng pertanda natal berbunyi dengan nyari. Beberapa orang yang berada ditaman itu bersorak gembira dan saling mengucapkan selamat natal pada orang yang mereka cintai. tapi tidak dengan Sehun, tangisnya pecah saat itu juga. ia tidak memperdulikan orang-orang yang menatapnya aneh. Ia hanya ingin menangis sekencang-kencangnya saat ini juga. menumpahkan rasa sesak yang mendadak memenuhi dadanya. \"Selamat Natal Lu... Saranghae...\" Ucap sehun ketika tangisnya mulai reda, ia segera melangkahkan kakinya pergi, menghapus buliran airmata yang tersisa di sudut mata elangnya. Beberapa menit setelah kepergian Sehun, terlihat bayangan seseorang tengah duduk di bangku taman tersebut. memandangi sebuket bunga lili yang sehun letakan tadi. \"Nado Saranghaeyo Sehun... Berbahagialah dengan namja beruntung itu...dan segeralah lupakan aku...\" lirih namja itu dan perlahan bayangannya mulai memudar seiring dengan angin yang berhembus. \"Xi Luhan menyayangi Oh Sehun...\" Itulah kata terakhir yang namja itu atau sebut saja arwah Luhan ucapkan sebelum bayangannya benar-benar hilang terbawa angin malam natal yang dingin. Sedingin Hati Sehun yang telah kehilangan pelitanya, Luhan. END Note : Aigoo...Akhirnya selesai juga nih cerita. Annyeong Author baru here. kkk~ Review Juseyo... Masih butuh masukan untuk FF ini. Gamsahamnida... /Bow/ ","Summary":" Author : Bubbletea1220 Cast : Oh Sehun, Xi Luhan Warning : YAOI a.k.a Boys love, Typo(s) bertebaran"},{"Movie":"Boys Love ボーイズ ラブ","Title":"Damn, You're So Sexy!","Author":"gregoriuskevin3264","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12503683","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NOTE - This story was made by my own imagination. it will be write in Indonesia language, and it's about boyxboy story... so, hope you enjoy the story INTRODUCING MAIN CAST A. Andre Seorang remaja laki-laki, yang memiliki hobi bermain futsal. setiap harinya, dia selalu pergi ke suatu tempat, dimana dia bisa melatih dan mengembangkan bakatnya itu. Andre ini ramah dengan orang yang dia kenal doang. selain itu, dia akan berlaku sangat dingin, sehingga orang hampir tidak bisa menyadari kehadirannya. Andre memiliki pacar yang sungguh sangat cantik, seorang wanita yang sungguh anggun dan berkharisma. sungguh indah kehidupannya itu. memiliki badan yang atletis, kehidupan yang mencukupi, punya pacar cantik lagi. namun, sepertinya semua itu telah berubah. karena kehadiran seseorang, yang memutar balikan hidupnya secara penuh 180. seorang lelaki yang dapat merubah pola pikir dan kehidupan sosial kesehariannya. B. Audrey Seorang remaja cantik yang sedang berjuang membangun pondasi untuk masa depannya nanti. dia memang sangat cantik, wajahnya seperti artist terkenal, Christina Aguilera. namun, di balik kecantikannya itu, seseorang sudah memiliki hatinya yang tulus itu. seseorang yang selalu bermain bola setiap harinya. meski begitu, hubungan mereka tetap berjalan dengan baik. mereka saling mengerti satu sama lain, saling membantu, hingga saat itu pun datang. dimana seseorang akan datang untuk mengakhiri kisah cinta mereka berdua. seseorang yang mendatangkan cobaan besar dalam hidupnya. siapakah dia? C. Kevin Murid biasa yang pinter tapi selalu menjadi korban dalam suatu permasalahan. untung ada kata \"pintar\" dalam kamus kehidupannya, sehingga dia bisa cepat mengatasi masalah tsb. Kevin ini termasuk kelompok 3 sekawan, bersama dengan Bagas dan Reza. akan tetapi, ada suatu takdir yang berat yang harus dipikulnya seorang diri. yaitu takdir yang memberikan fakta bahwa dia terlahir sebagai seorang lelaki yang menyukai sesama jenis, bukan tentang dia yang merupakan anak yatim piatu. yah.. memang tidak sepenuhnya sih dia suka laki-laki, perbandingannya kira-kira sekitar 60% for boys, and 40% for girls. jadi, dia bisa sembuh kapan aja dia mau... tapi, suatu ketika, dia tertimpa oleh suatu bencana yang tidak pernah ia alami sebelumnya. ia hampir ditinggalkan oleh kedua sahabatnya. dan permasalahan yang satu ini, adalah satu-satunya permasalahan yang membuat resah hatinya. D. Bagas dan Reza mereka berdua ini sahabat baiknya Kepin. mereka berdua selalu senantiasa bersama dengan Kepin. kalau ada masalah, mereka bertiga selalu bekerja sama dengan kompak untuk menyelesaikan masalah tersebut. namun, ada satu masalah besar yang mereka hadapi saat ini. ini adalah tentang Kevin. ada suatu hal yang tidak dapat mereka percaya tentang diri Kevin. mereka membutuhkan waktu untuk menemukan solusi dari permasalahan ini. dan untungnya, mereka berhasil menemukan solusinya. yaitu bersabar. Oke teman-teman, kurang lebih itulah tokoh-tokoh utama dari cerita pertama saya ini.. semoga kalian menyukai jalan ceritanya.[Chapter 2] PROLOG Wussshhh... Angin bertiup dengan kencang. siang ini udara terasa sejuk. jarang sekali, kota yang dikenal sebagai kota pahlawan ini, memiliki hawa yang sejuk di siang hari terkecuali di musim hujan. itu mungkin tidak perlu dipertanyakan lagi oke. Sampai mana kita tadi? oh ya. udara yang sangat sejuk ini memang cocok digunakan anak-anak untuk bermain. ya, permainan tradisional asal Indonesia yang tetap harus dijaga kelestariannya. layang-layang. mulai dari anak-anak, para remaja, bahkan orang dewasa pun ikut bermain layang-layang. layang-layang memiliki berbagai macam bentuk. ada yang bentuknya seperti layang-layang pada umumnya, ada yang berbentuk seperti burung, bulan, kapal, dlsb. dapat disimpulkan, bermain layang-layang dihawa yang sejuk ini, dapat membantu meringankan beban pikiran anda dalam pekerjaan keseharian anda. Namun, berbeda dengan mereka, seorang remaja laki-laki, memilih untuk tetap diam di dalam rumah, dan tidak pergi keluar untuk bermain dengan anak-anak lain. ia akan pergi keluar jika ada seseorang yang mengajaknya untuk pergi bermain layang-layang juga. selama itu tidak terjadi, dia tidak akan pernah keluar rumah selagi ia bisa melakukannya. terkecuali jika paman dan bibinya meminta tolong untuk membelikan suatu barang. \"Kevin, apa kau tidak ingin bermain layang-layang dengan anak-anak lain di luar? tampaknya mereka sungguh bersenang-senang.\" \"Tidak, terima kasih bi. aku ingin sekali bermain dengan mereka. tapi, nggak tau kenapa aku lebih milih duduk santai di sini aja bi.\" \"Hmm... ada apa?? kenapa kau merasa sedih?\" \"Sedih? aku tidak sedih, bi.\" \"Halah, jangan bohong. bibi tau kamu sedang sedih.\" \"Enggak bi, Kevin nggak sedih. Kevin hanya ngerasa kayak, kesepian gitu bi...\" \"Ngg?? kesepian? kalau kamu kesepian, yasudah kamuㅡ\" Tingg tongg... Tante.. oh tante.. Kevinnya ada kah, te??? \"Nah.. kebetulan. pergi sana, kasihan temen kamu udah nungguin tuh.\" \"Hmm.. baiklah bi. aku main dulu ya bi.\" \"Iya, vin. hati-hati ya! kalo ada apa-apa, segera telfon bibi atau paman ya.\" \"Oke bi, aku mengerti.\" Kevin berjalan menuju ruang tamu sambil mengenakan jaket merah kesayangannya itu. jaket itu adalah pemberian terakhir dari almarhum ibunya yang sangat ia cintai. dia tidak ingin jaket itu kotor, apalagi rusak. dia menjaga jaket itu dengan sepenuh hati. karena dia tau, hanya jaket itulah yang mengingatkannya pada ibunya. \"Ada apa rekk??\" \"Oh, hai Vin. ikut pergi ke Cito gak???\" \"Cito? ngapain?\" \"Emm.. coba kita lihat. kita bisa makan-makan di sana, jalan-jalan, oh aku tahu. ayo kita coba game di sana!\" \"Oh, oke. apa cuman kita bertiga, Ran??\" \"Enggak kok, anak-anak langsung otw(on the way) ke sana. aku sama Rico kebetulan lewat dekat rumahmu. jadi, kami memutuskan untuk mengajakmu juga.\" \"Iya, Pin. kamu ikut kan? ayo buruan, sebelum hujan deras nih.\" \"Iya, aku mau ikut. tapi kan kita ga punya sim???\" \"Halah... nggak ada satu orang pun di antara kita semua yang ikut yang punya sim.. jadi tatak(labrak) aja. hehehe..\" \"Hmm.. okelah. tunggu, aku pamit bibiku dulu ya.. jangan ditinggal.. -3-\" \"Ho'oh. siap kapten!\" * \"Yankk.. ayo kita ke mall yank... anak-anak juga pada ke sana..\" \"Ngapain sih yank?? aku lagi males ngeluarin uang.. aku mau nabung untuk beli sepeda motor sendiri..\" \"Ah.. ayolah yankk..\" \"Nggak say.\" \"Alahh... ayolah yank. yaudah, kita muter-muter(keliling-keliling) aja deh. gausah beli-beli.\" \"Hngg... yodah. tapi kalo sampe beli-beli, kamu yang bayar yah??\" \"Siapp... ihh gantengnya pacarku... *\" \"Oh iya dong, itu pasti. Andre gituloh..\" mereka berdua keluar bersama. dengan menggunakan sepeda motor, mereka pergi mencari tempat yang bisa menghilangkan bosan. dan murah. jangan lupakan itu. hehehe. mereka melihat-lihat indahnya kota pahlawan di malam hari. namun, mereka tetap waspada karena kejahatan tidak pernah tidur. mereka selalu mengintai di mana-mana. tapi untungnya mereka baik-baik saja. mereka tak perlu khawatir. \"Yank.. aku laper.. mau Mc D??\" \"Boleh. aku juga udah laper nih.\" Singkat cerita, mereka tancap gas dan segera makan malam di restoran asal Amerika tsb. hari ini hari minggu, klub futsal sedang libur. jadi Andre bisa meluangkan waktu untuk perempuan kesayangannya itu. kesayangan kedua sih. kok bisa kedua?? anak mana yang tidak menomorsatukan ibu mereka di dalam hati ha? apa aku benar? Hmm.. Oke, fokus. Andre dan Audrey menyuap makanan ke dalam mulut mereka satu sama lain. Mmm.. sungguh romantis. dengan segelas smoothie yang hanya menggunakan 2 buah sedotan dalam satu gelas... Mm mmm... kalau ada lilin, pasti lebih romantis lagi.. Author aja ngiri. ehehehe.. selesai makan, mereka mencuci tangan, dan membayar, lalu memutuskan untuk kembali pulang. dalam perjalanan, mereka mengabdikan momen mesra mereka dengan kamera hp milik Audrey. ahh... momen yang indah. Andre mengantar Audrey pulang ke rumah, dan ia langsung pamit untuk segera pulang. di rumah, Andre menggosok gigi lalu beranjak ke tempat tidurnya. dia mengambil handphonenya dan menelpon putri tidur kesayangannya itu. \"Hai yank...\" \"Apa yank.. kangen ya??\" \"Hooh.. lagi apa yank??\" \"Ahh dasar. baru sebentar ditinggal, udah kangen. lagi nuntasin pr nih, nanggung tinggal dikit. kalo kamu, yank??\" \"lagii... kangen yank.. muah..\" \"Ihh... bau. belum sikat gigi ya??? hayo sikat gigi sana..\" \"Ih.. pacarku sok tau... :v aku baru aja selesai sikat gigi yank..\" \"oalah... hahaha yaudah tidur sana, aku udah selesai nih, mau tidur. kamu ga tidur tah?? prmu sudah kan??\" \"Mmm.. nunggu kamu tidur yank. males ah. besok pagi aja, kalau udah fresh..\" \"Hmm.. yaudah, tidur sono yank.. aku mau tidur. Paii paii my baby Andre... Muahh.\" \"Bye bye sweety honey... Muahh.\" dan itulah perbincangan terakhir mereka, sebelum mereka terlelap, dan sampai di pulau kapuk. pulau dimana semua impian menjadi nyata. pulau dimana semua rasa bisa dirasakan lagi. bagi para readers, apa kalian nggak tidur?? udah malem nih.. * \"Eh Ran, Co, Man.. gua(aku) pulang dulu ya. udah kemaleman nih...\" \"Oh iya Pin, hati-hati ya.\" \"Oke. kalian juga. jangan lupa kerjain pr!\" \"Elah Vin.. elu ngerusak suasana aja. ahahaha...\" \"Ahahahaha... iya iya gw pulang dulu ya. byee..\" \"Byee...\" ","Summary":" NOTE - This story was made by my own imagination. it will be write in Indonesia language, and it's "},{"Movie":"Trick 'r Treat","Title":"The Eve of All Hallows","Author":"HanaImakura","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10104871","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Prologue Once upon a time, there was a little spirit named Samhain. His mother was Victorian, his father was Christian, his grandmother was Celtic, and his grandfather was Greece. For several years, he was raised by his grandmother because his parents had been too poor to take him themselves. He loved her dearly- she taught him how to build a fire, how to speak to the dead, and how to carve things. But one day, grandmother Celtic could no longer care for him. At the age of four, he was passed into the hands of his grandfather Greece. Grandfather Greece enjoyed the boy, but thought his ways needed some tweaking. So the boy was taught how to converse with the gods, navigate the Underworld, and how to prepare a proper harvest feast. Soon, his real father came into money and Samhain was taken under his wing. Samhain was amazed at how different his father perceived the world- evil lurked everywhere that Samhain had been taught to venture before. So his father taught him how to pray, how to properly honor the dead, and how to pleasingly arrange a feast. When this was done, Samhain was sent for by his mother Victorian. Mother Victorian was very kind and proper- she had much less care for want of prayer, and she did not particularly like the dead. But she loved the feasts that Samhain could create. So, together with her son, she taught him how to create extravagant parties and costumes. Samhain particularly liked the clothes of the scarecrow, because his grandmother had once shown him how having a scarecrow around ensured more plentiful crops for harvest. His mother Victorian thought this was rather droll and often dressed up as a scarecrow herself. By the time Samhain was ten years old in human years, his mother and father had long passed away. He missed them dearly and promised that he would keep doing the things they taught him to do in life. Eventually, he was found curled up alone in a pumpkin patch by a friendly but very industrial man in a suit and was taken home with him to meet his family. All was fine until October 31st. Samhain had carved out a set of special jack-o-lanterns for his lost family and left them out to run all night. When he returned from collecting candy, he found each pumpkin smashed to pieces. He was infuriated. He was disappointed in humanity. Didn't they know terrible things would happen after this? Unfortunately, something caught him by surprise. Another spirit- a pitch black, hulking entity had engulfed him. He wrestled and fought in vain. A sharp pain descended upon his head that seemed to last forever. In an instant, the thing dissipated and he found himself all alone on the sidewalk. As leaves skittered and whirled on the winds betwixt his feet, he proceeded, filled with anger and dismay, down the darkened street, eyes glowing with the new-lit embers of a great big jack-o-lantern. People were slowly forgetting him, now. He was fading away. But he was not going to give up so easily…[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Late August Rhonda stood still, dark hair tossing about in the wind, clutching a thick stack of books of various sizes to her chest. She took a deep breath to calm her nerves, picked up her backpack, and tried to walk confidently up to the steps of the school. Rhonda likened herself to thinking that she looked impressive, but she knew that was not true. It would never be true. In reality, several scraggly groups of kids were outwardly giggling at her and pointing, burning her with their leering glances. It was the first day; she knew she would have to cope with the mockery the rest of the school year so that she would not have to face the wrath of her mother. She adjusted her glasses on the bridge of her nose before getting down on one awkward knee to reach her locker. As she was going to turn the lock so she could see where to fit the key in her other hand, a mighty force bowled her to the ground. \"Ow!\" she shouted as her backpack and stack of books toppled over like dominos, \"Who did that?!\". A large group of young boys scattered, leaving the echoes of torment to bounce about on the walls. Rhonda pulled in her arms and began to sit up so that she could reorganize her stuff, saying \"Ugh… Boys. When will it ever stop?\". But then, Rhonda heard a sort of rustling- the kind of sound that fabric makes when it is unfolding and being rubbed against a hard surface, coming from behind her. Thinking it was another kid ready to pounce on her, she whirled around to face her attacker. What she saw before her though made her forget to even breathe for a moment. It was a kid about her own age, dressed in an orange jumpsuit, black fingerless gloves on his hands, and covering his head was a stitched together burlap sack with buttons for eyes. He had also just gotten back up and was searching around the floor frantically. When Rhonda finally remembered speech, she asked, \"Did you drop something, too? What are you looking for?\". He stopped his searching and slowly fixed his gaze on her. For a moment, he did not move at all. Something seemed to go through his head at that point- Rhonda could sense it somehow. Then, as if he had forgotten about the search for whatever-it-was, he gestured towards a pen that had dropped on the ground just behind Rhonda. \"Oh! Were you looking for a pen?\" she produced a small gasp of surprise as she picked it up and handed it to him. \"You can use this one till you find yours or you can get a new one, okay?\" she tried to smile. It wasn't a very good one, she knew that. But her mother would sometimes scold her for not smiling at people. It was not that Rhonda was often unhappy that she didn't smile, just that she would always forget to. But this time, she remembered. The boy stopped his motions to listen to her offer, but as he could not speak, he started to make motions with the pen on the palm of one of his hands as if he were writing on paper. Every so often for the next few seconds, he would look up at her to try and see if she had understood his request, but it was to no avail. So he got to his feet, walked past a perplexed Rhonda, retrieved a scattered piece of paper from where her books had fallen, sat back down with it in front of her, and began to scribble something. \"O-oh! I-I'm sorry… I had no idea you wanted paper…\", she stuttered, feeling guilty for not having understood him. He stopped scrawling and handed her the paper. On it, she read the name, \"Sam\". \"Sam..\" she said aloud as she took the paper from his hands. \"Is that your name?\" she inquired, observing to see his reply. Sam simply nodded his head yes and then cocked it to one side as if asking a question in return. Rhonda seemed to understand this much. \"My name's Rhonda… I'm really weird… But then again, I guess you are, too. I mean,\" she shrugged,\" not many other kids come to school in their costumes before or after Halloween…\". Sam nodded once more, this time in agreement. He then appeared to have a realization and pointed to the watch Rhonda was wearing. \"Oh—\" she glanced at it, \"Oh! We should get going or we'll be late for class! Come on!\". Rhonda sprang up and began collecting her materials so she could put them away in her locker. Sam resolved to pick himself up and assisted her by holding her books for her while she turned the key in the lock. When the locker squeaked open, the two of them shoveled the items she would not be needing into the cubby inside, and locked it back again. After this, Sam proceeded to help her pick up her needed materials. \"Alright. Thank you, Sam! You got everything you need, too?\" she smiled at him brightly. He simply shrugged and looked around the hall for the second time since the previous events, as if he were still missing something. \"Oh, well, that's okay. I'll let you borrow some of my supplies instead.\" Rhonda said as she took Sam by the hand and began leading him to their classroom.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: An Apple for Teacher Rhonda quickly seated herself in the desk closest to the teacher's. Sam took a seat several desks closer to the back of the classroom, hoping to conceal himself among the children. He was thousands of years old- what did he need this class for, anyway? Today, he was going to be teaching the lesson instead, and Rhonda, he hoped, would learn something from it. Before long, a short, slightly obese, balding man came in wearing a pin-striped business suit and tie. \"Good morning, class!\" he grinned somewhat slyly. \"My name is Mr. Greenfield. As you all know, I will be your English teacher for the rest of the year.\" he announced as he scrawled his name out on the chalk board. As he began to open up on the subject of introductions, Sam prodded his neighbor and offered a bright red apple, gesturing towards the teacher. \"Oh! Thanks! This'll really help me out, man!\" the boy whispered with a grin as he accepted the gift. \"Mr. Greenfield?\" the boy said as he stood up, \"I have something for you.\". Mr. Greenfield approached the student and with a slightly more than distrustful glance, took the apple and replied with a low \"Thank you\". The boy sat down smiling to himself, thinking this would help improve his grades in the long run even if he goofed around, as the teacher returned to his place before the class to resume the lesson. In between some of his words, Mr. Greenfield nearly brought the apple to his mouth for the first bite. Sam observed with great suspense, waiting, hoping, almost lusting for the moment that this man would be dispatched to arrive soon. Mr. Greenfield had a second thought, and decided to put the apple away until lunch time, safe within his desk. Sam sulked low into his seat. He had hoped that the class could be together in the room for this, just so he could make them all suffer. He half-hoped any time that he disturbed or killed someone, that some of the pain from his memories would be alleviated. But regrettably, it never seemed to work. The next few hours were fairly boring and quiet. Sam made several attempts to write notes to Rhonda to pass the time, but she was a good kid and seemed to be putting all of them on hold until class was over. Once, the kid behind Sam started poking him repeatedly in the back of the head with a sharpened pencil. Sam continued to ignore it. Finally, there was a sickening vegetable-like crunch, and Sam could somehow hear the boy trying to stifle a terrified scream. He slightly turned to see the child's face stricken with fear and felt a satisfying smirk creep across his own face as he realized the boy was distraught because the fact that Sam was a pumpkin had spooked him. Good. This would hold him over until that disgusting man would end his own life. Sam settled himself comfortably, facing the front of the room once more. A girl sitting in the desk behind Rhonda wrote something down on a paper and stuck it with a piece of tape onto Rhonda's back without alerting her. The girl giggled, which made Sam wonder what was so funny. He tried looking over her shoulder from his vantage point, but could read nothing. Oh well. Must be a silly childish game. He dismissed the memory of having seen what he saw and fixed his eyes back on the teacher. More minutes passed and Mr. Greenfield announced that it was time for lunch and let the kids out to go to the cafeteria. Sam hung back, anticipating something. Rhonda assumed this was the case just after having left the room and resolved to rejoin him and eat her lunch in the classroom. But as soon as she had turned to begin walking back to the room, a crowd of children slowly surrounded her, laughing, bellowing her shame. \"Oh!\" Rhonda frantically looked around for the reason they were laughing at her as they backed her up against a locker. She braced herself, books held tight before some girls stepped forward and began shoving her around, boasting about how retarded they thought she was. Sam heard the racket in the hall; heard Rhonda's sobbing getting louder and louder with each time she smacked into the lockers. It finally began to annoy him just as Mr. Greenfield was finishing a sandwich and reaching for the apple. Sam was torn. Rescue Rhonda and save his holiday's future, or exact revenge on this human slime? He might wrench his own heart out if he didn't get to witness the bloodshed, and he did not trust leaving the scene. But on the other hand, his duty was to make sure Samhain survived, and in the future, Rhonda could become a key in keeping it alive if kids stopped picking on her for it. Sam finally became infuriated by the incessant noise in the hall, stood up and raced out into the hall. He shoved his way into the crowd and stood there, watching and waiting impatiently. The two bullies slowed down and turned their attention to him. \"What do YOU want?\" they snapped, \"You wanna rescue her? Pathetic!\". They advanced on him, but before they were half way to him, Sam lifted a hand and they began to levitate with it. He suspended them in mid-air, in his spiritual grasp, and began extending negative energy to them which made them feel as if they were choking. Rhonda stared in amazement at her friend's ability. This was something she had only seen in books or movies. She remembered that in one of them, there was a girl very similar to herself that had similar powers. Just then, the silence was shattered as a scream echoed forth from the classroom, followed by a very heavy thud against the linoleum floor. Sam dropped the girls to the floor, breaking the leg of one and bruising the other, and high-tailed it back to the classroom. Inside, the floor was sopping wet with a thick, slippery, expanding pool of blood. He sulked a tiny bit, but tramped through the mess to retrieve his sack from inside his desk so that he could collect the body. But before he was back again at the teacher's desk, the other students, as well as several teachers had gathered and were making a fuss. Some teachers were trying to cover student's eyes and shoo them away, while others were whipping out their cellphones to call an ambulance or contact the school administrators and nurse. The children were chattering wildly, asking questions about what had occurred, and others were either in dumbfounded shock at the sight or weeping heavily. Mr. Greenfield lay sprawled, propped up a little by his chair, tongue hanging out, eyes rolled up, blood trickling in streams from the edges of his mouth. His belly was further distended, was swelling, and it had burst open, blood and gore hanging out, with the end of one intestine snaking down to the floor, seeming to point to the blood-covered razor that was laying there alone. Alarmed by the sudden attention to the room, Sam took his empty sack and stole away through a darkened window in the back of the room before anyone could notice that he had been in there. Rhonda picked herself up, and with books in hand, rushed to go see what all the new fuss was about. As she stood up, though, the sign from her back drifted to the floor. It read, \"I'm a witch\". What Rhonda saw made her gasp, her heart skipped a beat. \"Oh, my…\" she said to herself under her breath as a sick feeling welled up inside of her. She tore herself away from the crowd and began a half-run half-walk to leave the school. Outside, she saw Sam walking all alone down the street, but thought nothing of it, and decided to go on her way home.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Where For Art Thou Rhonda proceeded silently up the pathway to the front door of her house and stopped half way. A rat was sprawled across the welcome mat, belly sliced open, innards spilling out. \"Ugh…\" she scoffed as she leaned forward and shoved it aside with her foot, leaving rust colored skid marks on the white cement. Rhonda reached out and pulled the door open to make her way inside. The house was mostly cast in shadow- her mother seemed to like living in a dungeon. It was cold and unwelcoming, and even worse when Rhonda heard the sound of her mother's voice almost booming from the kitchen. She was currently in the middle of a very important phone call to a friend about how her day was, how her relationship was, so on and so forth. Something much more important to Rhonda's mother than even her own daughter's first day experiences at school. Rhonda stole past the kitchen, up the stairs, and into her room where she unloaded her backpack, stretched out across her bed and stared at the ceiling to think things over. Who would be insane enough to cause a murder at the school? Why? Were the other children going to suspect her of the awful deed? She hoped not. Rhonda reached for a nearby shelf and took off a photo of herself dressed in her witch costume. She turned it over in her hands, holding it up in the dim light that came through her window. Halloween was her favorite time of the year. The one night when no one dared pick on her for being different. The one night when she could show off her true self and be accepted. She began thinking of some of her fondest memories- when her father would teach her how to carve jack-o-lanterns, or when her cousins dressed up with her as a dragon and fooled some people into thinking they saw something strange out in the woods. Fun times, she thought. When the light coming through the window changed to a deep orange, Rhonda's mother roughly called her down to dinner. Rhonda reluctantly joined her mother at the dinner table, and keeping her head down, ate the disgusting food in silence. Her mother hardly even bothered to cook- it was only a plate of canned refried beans that had only been half prepared. The beans hadn't even been poured from the can. Rhonda shortly began simply squishing the substance around with her spoon, to which her mother responded with a frightening glare and a roughness in her voice. \"Rhonda, eat your dinner!\" she demanded, startling Rhonda into dropping the spoon to the floor. \"Look at you! You can't even eat without fucking up!\" she screamed as Rhonda bent over and tried to retrieve the utensil. She was shaking uncontrollably. By now, she should be used to this from her mother, but the fear never seems to leave. A harsh blow to the back of her head and Rhonda found herself scrabbling around on the floor at her mother's mercy. \"Pick that damn spoon up and finish your fucking dinner, you lazy ass!\" her mother screeched, gaining more insanity by the second. Terrified, with rivers of tears streaming down her cheeks, Rhonda got back up, downed the can in one go and rushed off back to her room where she slammed the door behind her, sulked against her bed, covered her face and began to sob. Her mother was terrible, as always. Rhonda had had no idea what had caused her to become this way; all she knew was that her mother had been acting strangely ever since her father had disappeared. She must have done something to him, because before that, their lives were very happy as far as she knew. Rhonda began to sob heavier and louder as her mind clouded with memories of her father again. When Rhonda finally looked back up, tears were still leaking from her eyes and moonlight sparkled throughout the room. Several times, she had nearly fallen asleep while crying, but was once again awakened by the sharp emotional pain in her heart. She needed a real friend, but she could not think of anyone at the moment who would really care about her. Until she remembered the events of the earlier day in which Sam had rescued her from those two girls. Unfortunately, Rhonda had to give up on trying to contact Sam right now, one, because she did not know his number, and two, because she might wake her mother if she tried to creep down to the kitchen and call someone. So she remained there, almost feeling lifeless, but whole-heartedly hopeless and broken. Just then, she heard a dull scratching noise against the glass of her window. Rhonda picked herself up, not without some trouble, and ventured to see what was going on. She was appalled to see that Sam had hoisted himself up to her window somehow and was scratching his nails against the glass to get her attention. He seemed to be writing something. Rhonda looked closer and read, \"Open the window\". So she quietly lifted it and helped Sam climb over the sill and onto the floor in front of her bed. \"How did you get up here, Sam?\" she whispered excitedly. Sam mimed a climbing motion in response and half-shrugged. \"I find that hard to believe… But, why did you do it?\" Rhonda questioned him again. Sam only stared at her without making a single sound until she realized that he needed to write his answer this time. So Rhonda retrieved a pen and a notepad from her nightstand and handed it to him. When he gave it back to her, the page read \"I don't have a place to stay. Can I stay with you?\". Rhonda forced a little smile, remembering that she should show him that this has made her feel better. She laughed a little and replied, \"Sure, Sam… But we gotta stay out of my mom's way. She'll kill me if she knows I have a friend over.\". Sam appeared relieved by this and shrugged to say that avoiding her mom wouldn't be a problem. Rhonda took Sam by the hand and led him over to one side of the bed. \"It's getting late,\" she remarked, \"We should get going to sleep. Here. You can sleep with me.\". He trembled for an instant, shocked with the slight intimacy, before crawling up under the covers and pulling the blanket up over his head. Rhonda uttered a goodnight on reaching her side of the bed, turned out the lamp on her night stand, and crept under the covers. Little did she know, Sam hardly ever slept. So it was on this night. He laid awake while she slumbered, dwelling on how his painful memories would never leave him be, and how agonizing it is to be slowly decaying. He was spooked awake from his stupor when he felt something warm and comforting nudging against his backside. He looked over his shoulder and saw Rhonda, happily dreaming and cuddling him from behind. He reached over and placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder. Don't worry, kid. They'll all soon be forced to accept both of us. One way or another.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Lollipop Later that night, Sam began to dream. It began as if morning had already arrived, with the pale rays of light cascading through Rhonda's bedroom curtains. He gingerly pushed himself out of the bed, taking care not to disturb Rhonda on the other side. There was an immense feeling that he was expected to meet someone or something at the school only a few blocks away. Why? Why do you want me to go back there? he thought to himself as he silently pulled back the curtains only enough to let in just a sprinkle of light. He pressed his face and hands to the window as he scanned the street below to see if maybe the feeling was nothing more than an obligation to go with the other children to classes and search for his weapon. What he saw made him uneasy. No children were making their way to the school. The street was completely deserted, leaving him to wonder how he could make it into the school now without being suspected of foul play. His gut clenched, pulling him in the direction of the school. Sam knew he had to go, but he had no idea exactly what was pulling him there. Creeping silently across the floor, he made his way across Rhonda's bedroom. But before he laid a hand on the doorknob, he froze. He turned to have a look at Rhonda's sleeping face. The morning light flowing around her seemed peaceful and heavenly, bringing forth a sense of pure beauty. It had been thousands of years since he had last seen light like this. Long ago, when he had had more power, people would light monstrous bonfires in his name during October, and on one night, he had glimpsed the face of a young woman with light skin, long black hair, dark eyes and a stunning smile on her lips as she danced around one of his bonfires. Rhonda was an exact twin for this woman. But he had to shake himself out of his reminiscing and keep moving; the feeling in his gut told him so. So he quietly opened the door and stepped out onto the landing in the dimmed hallway. So far so good, not a living soul in sight and it seemed that Rhonda's mother was still sound asleep. He tiptoed briskly down the flight of stairs at the end of the hall, through the first floor of the house and out into the morning light and fresh air. The first thing he noticed on arriving outside was that there was no wind- not even a slight breeze. The air around him felt oppressive, and it stunk of Winter greenery even though it appeared to be early Autumn. He recalled catching a whiff of this same scent long ago, when he was still only a young spirit. Something awful was waiting for him at the school, and he wanted it gone. He raced from street to street until he reached the school yard. As he had expected, it was deserted. He made his way, without much effort, through the front doors of the building. Sam was a bit surprised to find that they were not locked. Inside the school grounds, the scent began to get stronger, and it started to exhibit other traits. It started to stink of cinnamon, basil, pork, and mistletoe, which only made him angrier and angrier the longer he smelled it. The smell was something that had been stolen from him on the night that humanity slowly began to forget him. What he would be facing in the school was that same oppressive, all-consuming entity that had been eating away at his life force since he was much younger, around the 1400's in earthly history. As he tramped through the halls, surveying every room for the elusive presence, his foot kicked something under a locker with a small clink. Sam bent down to take a look at what it was he had kicked, and he noticed a long, black and orange, candy striped stick protruding out from underneath the locker. On further examination, he discovered that it was the weapon that he had lost! His favorite lollipop, always sharper than a razor blade. But he was largely disappointed when he found that the lollipop would not leave the hallway in his hand. Something repeatedly kept pulling it right from his hand and placing it back where it had been found, and Sam began to figure that the cause of it was the thing that had beckoned him there. So he resolved to leave it be and keep hunting for his target. An especially oppressive essence emanated from the principal's office, pulsating through the air like a frightened heart beat. Sam stood before the looming doorway, taking a moment to collect himself. I am older than you are , he thought aloud. He had not attempted to speak physically, but his words echoed through the halls as if they had been spoken. I know this for a fact, O Samhain , a deep, chilling voice reverberated from beyond the locked door. But know this- I am your downfall. I am your Achilles Heel. Challenge me, O Great Samhain, and you shall perish. All shall know my name, and I shall be celebrated for far longer than you. , it bellowed, its nasty words making Sam's head feel as if it were about to explode. He ignored the feeling, anchored a foot forward and replied angrily, That you may be, Young Yule . He paused a moment, as great pain spread across his back. He continued through gritted teeth as large, lengthening vines made their way through the flesh on his back and burst forth in anger, But there is one thing I possess that you do not- an iron fist. He sent forth images to Yule, detailing his own memories of how he had been able to frighten people into popularizing his holiday in the past. A man went missing at midnight after coming to a cross-roads, a spirit had been summoned to make contact with the living, or a young maiden had peeled an apple and seen no initial on the floor behind her when it had been tossed. These were the kinds of things he would cause to occur, and the kinds of things which led people to believe that they should abide by his holiday and it's rules. Yule only laughed a hardy, ground shaking laugh and replied, Did you forget that fear can also drive them away? Have you forgotten that those people view holidays as ancient security rites? Maybe, then, you are your own Achilles Heel . This left Sam to wonder a little at how he was supposed to regain his ground in the yearly cycle. He made people feel safe if he threatened them and provided them with ways to escape those threats… For instance, keeping a jack-o-lantern lit all night on October 31st prevented his ghoulish friends from being able to prey upon the living. It slowly dawned on him that he had to find more avenues to make people feel this way again about him. But doing so would be tough. After all, more people now than ever were more accepting of the paranormal, and no one would want to celebrate any individualistic fears. Maybe he could find a way to turn the tables on… Yes! That was it! But before Sam could muster the strength to challenge Yule, everything went black and he was whisked away by a strong wind. He started awake, shaken by the power of the throw in the dream world. He sat bolt upright, pushing the covers off, and trying not to shake. The morning light was glittering into the room just the same as in the dream, only it felt a little lighter- a little less dark. As he glanced around the room, Rhonda sleepily stirred awake. With a great yawn, she stretched out her entire body, rubbed her eyes and rolled over to face Sam. \"Morning, Sam…\" she attempted to fight a yawn, \"Did you sleep well?\". At first, Sam seemed to be staring off into space. But he slowly turned his head to look her in the eyes. He said not a word, as most humans were not receptive to speech via thought, and he could not move his mouth to physically imitate human sound. The buttons on his burlap mask shimmered a tiny bit in the morning light. \"You seem like you're excited for something today.\" she grinned meekly before rolling out from under the covers. There was nothing to write within quick reach, so Sam attempted something he had never done before- thought contact with a human. … Dream… Frightening… School… Something… There… Sam's inner voice eerily whispered through the air, sending chills down Rhonda's spine. She slowly turned to face him, with a scared look on her face. \"Sam… I'm scared. I just heard something really creepy!\" she whined, sitting herself down gently on the side of the bed. She recognized it as the voice she had heard in her head on that one Halloween where something possessed her to leave her friends behind with the undead in the old quarry. Sam nodded his head to show that he had heard her, and pointed at himself. \"That… That… Th-That was YOU?!\" she stuttered, jumped and almost fell to the floor. Sam sent another word towards her, Yes , as he nodded the same. He hoped that if she came to accept this way of communication, that he would be able to soon send her complete sentences instead of these little snippets. They made him feel quite dumb. But he had to admit, he was somewhat elated that she could hear even just a single word. He just did not know why he felt that way yet. \"Oh my God!\" Rhonda exclaimed, putting a hand on her forehead and falling on her back, onto the bed. \"You nearly gave me a heart attack! Are you the thing that made me leave my friends behind?!\" she stressed rather loudly and threw her hands up in the air, letting them flop down onto the bed. Yes , came the creeping answer. \"Why?! Why did you do it?!\" she spazzed. Sam made a psychological sigh and attempted further communication. Had… To…, was his only answer. He wished he could explain further, but the communication was already draining him. He wished he could tell her what was going to happen if they had stayed by her. Her heart would someday have been broken by the boy who was flirting with her, and it would have been the fault of that blonde girl and her minions who were working to help her. But he had not the power, nor the energy to send her that message. Not right now, anyway. Instead, he reached over, grabbed one of her hands, and stopped her from using it to cover her face. Don't… Cry… , came the broken, fuzzy message. Rhonda sniffled and replied with \"But you don't know how guilty I've felt…\". He knew, but he had hoped that she would come to understand that he had left them, not her. Some time elapsed, and as Rhonda's mother could be heard pulling the car out of the driveway, Rhonda looked Sam in the eyes and said, \"I know now that you did it. I don't know why, but you did. Maybe I'll know someday. But for now… For now, I just can't seem to stop feeling bad that it happened.\". Sam nodded his head slowly, with understanding, as Rhonda rose to go to the restroom. Her problems, to him, made his appear so small and insignificant. In a way, he felt vulnerable for her.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: We're A Couple of Misfits So there's a killer in my house… thought Rhonda as she rushed to the restroom. The thought was seriously stressing her out. She had to get away, she had to think about this. But it seems he was never and still is not after me! the thought struck her swiftly and without much warning, stopping her in her tracks in the middle of the hall. If he's not after me, she thought, then who or what is he really after? . Now she felt she really wanted to know, but she was not sure how he would react if she asked him. Would he get angry? Would he ignore her? Would he run away? Would he kill her? She suddenly felt weighed down with anxiety. But she had to keep going. Maybe a shower before school would- Oh, that's right! , she realized, School's probably not on today because of the incident… . She mulled this over for a moment, tried to put it out of her thoughts and resolved to continue with taking a shower, since she needed to clear her mind, anyway. Meanwhile, Sam was sitting there on the bed, feeling like he had done something. Rhonda had reacted with fear. Was this the kind of fuel that he needed? He certainly did not feel any more powerful than he had felt for the last two hundred years. Quite possibly, his fear fuel might have to come from somewhere else. The only problem now was where to find it. Sam scooted solemnly off the edge of the bed, and went to take a look at the street through Rhonda's window. A loud noise like a hiss tumbled into his ears, but he had put aside the situation at hand enough to put all of his momentary focus on finding a way to save his life. Rhonda took up a bottle of shampoo, squirted some into one hand, and began scrubbing through her hair with her fingers. The massage, surprisingly, was actually helping her to finally relax a little, and the warm water beating down on her backside really helped for effect. She still was a little unnerved by her newfound situation, but at least now she could attempt to clear her mind. Okay. So, theres this thing with really frightening power living with me now… It doesn't seem like he's going to hurt me. Actually, I think he may be pretty protective of me. Why, I don't know. Guess I'll add that to my growing list of why's. She grabbed a washcloth, rubbed a bar of soap into it, and began to scrub. What's he doing here, I wonder? I don't think I've seen him before… perplexed Rhonda. Or have I? I think I've seen that mask before… Oh yes! When he possessed me, he was right there just staring at me! a shudder ran down her spine, despite the boiling water. So many ideas and solutions were running about in Sam's little pumpkin head. Should he call upon the Tuatha de Denaan? They had been there for him as his loyal servants and best friends when he was just a sprout, maybe they could help him back on his feet. Should he make a call on his undead friends? Maybe. There were still some people out there afraid of the undead. Or could there be an entirely different approach to this? He was not entirely sure just what to do. But then, a nearly original idea popped into his head. What if I show my face to someone? he mused. That was sure to create a stir of fear in any human heart, and maybe he could convince them that keeping up with these traditions would prevent them from seeing his face. Finally, Rhonda was so relaxed that she found herself humming away with cheer inside the heated, protective, even somewhat lonesome shower. This was probably one of those things for which other people would consider her to be an oddball. When other people might run to the nearest phone and call the police, Rhonda had actually calmed down, thought things through and realized that there was no actual danger. He was not going to hurt her, and she promised herself she was not going to let him hurt anyone else. But just as things seemed most silent, Rhonda heard the loud clatter of the curtain being practically torn open, and she whirled round with horrifying curiosity. Her mouth dropped open, and out of it came a scream sharp enough to cut the silence, and piercing enough to draw blood. There stood Sam, somewhat shadowed by the light source, beady little black eyes fixed on her. He still wore his orange footies, his little hands still wore their torn, fingerless gloves. But his mask was gone. She could see an orange, pumpkin-like head, with carved-out black triangles around his beady little eyes, a carved-out black triangular nose, and a grin, cut with a blade from one side of his face to the other and held together on the cheeks by large stitching. For a moment, it terrified her and she backed into a corner, almost slipping and falling onto her tail bone several times. \"S-Sam?! I-Is that you?!\" she cried out, almost on the verge of tears. Yes… Me… came the eerie little whisper once more. Only this time, it sounded a little defeated. \"Wh… What's wrong with your head?\" replied Rhonda, in between gasps for breath, as she tried to pick herself up and reach for a towel. Sam tilted his head in a questioning matter. Wrong? he asked, confused. \"Well, most people don't look at all like you…\" Rhonda tried to explain without hurting him. Ugly? Scary? he pleaded somewhat, trying to get good feedback. Rhonda looked at him with some small measure of shock. \"Oh! No, Sam…\" she coughed, \"What I mean is… You look like a jack-o- lantern!\". Oh… came an unexpected dejected reply as Sam's shoulders dropped. Those little guys were not at all frightening. Sam dropped his head a little and began to look extremely deflated and lost. Rhonda shuffled toward him, holding up a towel by one hand, and almost put her face nose to nose with his. \"Sam, jack-o-lanterns aren't ugly.\" She remarked, attempting to cheer him up. Something clicked. Deep, deep down somewhere inside him, something clicked just then. She's trying to cheer me up! Stupid kid, you should know that that's not what I- Holy shit! What is this feeling? I feel… sick. I need to get out of here, fast! a light pink color began to bloom across Sam's face. Feeling ashamed that Rhonda might see it, he pushed her away and bolted out of the restroom. Mission to scare Rhonda failed. Miserably. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Prologue Once upon a time, there was a little spirit named Samhain. His mother was Victo"},{"Movie":"Trick 'r Treat","Title":"The School Bus Deal","Author":"TheYoungestCrazySister","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8367487","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello everyone! This is a fic dedicated to my new epic friend Sam (BackgroundRobot- 11), who is a fan of Trick 'r Treat, much like myself. Hope you enjoy! Chapter 1: All Hallow's Morning \"Right, class. Today, a certain term paper was due. Anybody remember what it was?\" Ms. Bollocks, a tall teacher with bleach-blonde hair asked, a brow arched. A girl in the front row raised her hand, a small smirk on her perfect pink lips. \"Yes, Macy?\" \"We were supposed to write a report on decomposition.\" Macy replied, flipping some silvery-blonde hair over her shoulder. Most of the class looked at ease, but a couple of teens looked troubled. It was clear that they had forgotten completely about the assignment. It was understandable; it was Halloween morning, after all. The local school didn't allow students to change into costumes until after lunch, but many people had been so excited, they'd forgotten all about the assignment. Besides, who looks forward to writing three pages on decomposition and the stages of rotting? \"Exactly. Kids, please pass your homework to the person in front of you. People in the front-\" She held her hands out like an eagle reaching for a rodent, \"If you please.\" Silence ruled the classroom, cracked only by the sounds of paper against skin. No one dared disobey Ms. Bollocks; she was known for keeping kids in detention until 9 p.m. As her teal eyes searched for the students' names on the front pages, she frowned. Everyone held their breath. Not a good sign. \"Some people are missing papers.\" She said in a soft voice that boomed through the room. The woman placed the assignments on her desk before consulting a clipboard with everyone's names on it. \"Let's see...we are missing the homework of...\" She looked up, her eyes flashing dangerously, \"Cornelia Daniels?\" \"Um...\" A short, stocky girl with a mop of curly black hair shrank in her seat, \"See ma'am, it went like this. My brother forgot to feed my dog Spike and-\" \"F.\" The class gaped at the teacher's bluntness. Cornelia's eyes threatened to pop out of their sockets, \"F?\" \"F.\" Ms. Bollocks repeated, \"Get it in your skulls: vacations are over, people! Way over!\" Cornelia groaned and slammed her head against her desk. The person sitting next to her patted her shoulder sympathetically while the teacher continued, \"Next...Simon Boggs?\" A freckle-faced boy sighed, \"Just flunk me already.\" \"Very well. F.\" Simon grimaced and studied his pencil-case while several kids snickered. \"And finally...\" Ms. Bollocks sighed, dropping the clipboard, \"Regan Bates.\" The door swung open, \"Present!\" Despite the heavy atmosphere that had hovered in the air seconds earlier, the teenagers broke into a chorus of laughter. Regan grinned (which clashed somewhat with her black-rimmed eyes, Maleficent T-shirt, combat boots, and shredded black skirt) and strolled inside, \"Happy Halloween, everyone!\" \"Regan!\" Ms. Bollocks snapped, \"Class started eight minutes ago.\" \"Sorry.\" Regan held up her green-manicured hands in surrender, \"My dad's car crashed. Again.\" \"Well,\" Ms. Bollocks straightened so much, it looked like a ruler had been taped to her spine, \"That car is always breaking down. But that is still no excuse to arrive late.\" She sighed, \"I'm going to have to give you a note. Do you have your term paper?\" \"Which?\" Regan frowned, then brightened, \"Oh! The one about rotting? Sure, right here.\" She dumped her coffin-shaped handbag right on top of Macy's textbook, making the girl lean backwards in disgust. Several kids chuckled silently as the punk girl dumped a Blackberry, mascara, a half-eaten Pop Tart, and a troll doll on Macy's desk. The blonde girl's pale face was steadily going redder, but Regan took no notice. She smiled and pulled out a perfect, flawless, five-page report. She handed it to Ms. Bollocks, \"Here you go.\" \"Thank you.\" The teacher took it, staring at the teenager. In all honesty, she'd expected Regan to forget all about it. Of all the high-schoolers, she and her friend Rhonda Wiggins loved Halloween the most. Every day of October, they always made it painfully clear that All Hallow's Eve was arriving. They hardly seemed to pay attention half the time in class, and more than once, they'd missed school to carve pumpkins or design their costumes. Regan beamed and collected her things. Ms. Bollocks handed her a note, \"This is your last warning, Bates. If you're tardy one more time, I'll have to call your father in.\" \"If he's not too drunk to attend.\" Macy whispered to Sara. The two girls giggled, as did a couple of other kids. Regan's cheeks flushed, and the note in her hand crumpled, \"Alright.\" She stiffly walked to her desk, dumping her handbag in the corner. Rhonda glanced at her through a curtain of brown hair, \"You okay?\" \"Sure.\" Regan nodded, giving her friend a weak smile. The morning dragged on. Regan tried not to let Macy's words bother her, but she couldn't help it. True, her father was an alcoholic, but he wasn't violent or aggressive. He was just drowsy and sensitive. Sure, she had to do all the housework and make sure he didn't go too far, but he had a good reason. Regan's mother had fallen for another man; one who owned three-quarters of Indianapolis. Regan shoved these thoughts as far away as she could from her mind as the bell rang, announcing lunch. She sighed in relief and ran a hand through her short, dark brown hair. Smiling at Rhonda to assure her that she was alright, she linked her arm with her friend's and led her to the noisy lunchroom. Once there, the two girls collected their corndogs, apples, and milk cartons. They sat at their table: the one near the doorway, where no one ever sat. As they ate, they discussed their costumes, of course. \"How's your witch costume coming along?\" Regan asked, slurping from her carton. Rhonda looked at her with speckled jade eyes and smiled shyly, \"Done.\" Regan smiled, \"Good. Mine's almost done.\" She rolled her cloudy-gray eyes, \"Who'd think a priest costume would be so hard?\" Rhonda shrugged and sipped some milk. Regan gently bumped her shoulder against her friend's before reaching for her corndog. As she prepared to take a bite, though, she caught sight of Macy and her horde of followers, both male and female. She looked perfect: slim, blonde, and beautiful. Regan was the opposite: robust, olive-skinned, and plain. Remembering Macy's words made anger bubble in the punk's chest. \"Wait here.\" She instructed Rhonda. Then, she took her carton and tossed the straw aside. She marched towards Macy, who immediately smirked at her unexpected guest. \"Hey, Bates.\" Macy held up an empty soda can, \"Want to fill this with brandy and take it home to Dad?\" Schrader, one of the nicer boys in school, gave her a look, \"Macy, come on. That's enough.\" \"No, no. No problem, Schrader. Hey, Macy?\" She splashed her unfinished milk in the girl's face, \"Got milk?\" Macy breathed deeply. Regan crushed the empty carton with her hands and tossed it away, \"That's for my father.\" She added, \"And quit calling Rhonda an idiot savant.\" Without waiting for an answer, she walked back to her table.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: All Hallow's Tale \"And...done!\" Regan grinned that evening, examining her reflection in Rhonda's mirror. After failing to pull off the priest costume, she'd decided to go for something simpler. Now, she was dressed like a maniac: her dark brown hair had been gelled and spiked in every direction, and she'd found an extra-large white sweater and sewn the holes for her hands closed. Rhonda smiled, \"You're pretty.\" \"Aww, thanks.\" Regan beamed. She crashed in her favorite armchair, \"So, witch, what do we do now? It's Samhain. The world's our oyster.\" Rhonda shrugged and opened her mouth to speak. But something caught her eyes. Frowning slightly, she walked to her window. Regan arched a brow and rose, craning her neck to get a look. Nothing could've surprised her more: four kids were standing in front of Rhonda's house. She immediately recognized Macy, Sara, and Schrader. The fourth child was a short, chubby boy dressed like a pirate. Regan chewed her lip, as she always did when she was in thought. Why had they come? Had Schrader dragged Macy here to apologize for her behavior? Or did he want to scold Regan for her own behavior? Whatever the case, Rhonda stepped outside, closing the door behind her. Regan watched worriedly as her friend waved at the intruders. The fat boy, Sara, and Macy left at the sight of Rhonda. As they did, Regan saw Macy turn to Schrader and smirk before pulling her mask over her face. It was only then that Regan noticed the blonde's costume: an angel. She laughed to herself. How lame can you get? Rhonda and Schrader spoke for a minute, Regan watching intently. Finally, Rhonda turned around and gestured for Regan to leave the house. When the punk girl tilted her head, Rhonda repeated the action, more urgently this time. The teen sighed and yanked the door open, \"What's up?\" \"Schrader invited us to a journey, but he doesn't know where.\" Rhonda explained, her pale hands clutching a jack-o-lantern, \"They need five of our pumpkins.\" Regan blinked, then exploded, \"No. No way. We are not hanging out with them.\" \"But-\" \"Rhonda, Macy teased my dad this morning. Do you really think I wanna spend Samhain with her?\" \"But Schrader's nice.\" Rhonda said, like that solved everything. Regan stared at her friend, searching her expression. Rhonda was so innocent, it touched her heart. The brunette never asked for anything; how could she say no to the one request Rhonda have ever made her? But Macy was involved. It couldn't be good. She sighed and held her hands up, \"Fine. But,\" Regan said quickly before her friend could celebrate, \"But if anything happens, we're leaving.\" \"Okay.\" Rhonda nodded. The six kids trudged away from the safety of their town, venturing deeper and deeper into the night. They marched through the pumpkin patch like ghosts, then into a small wood. Macy took the lead, her angel costume glowing softly in the darkness. Schrader followed, pushing a trolley with eight jack-o-lanterns inside. Regan and Sara walked side by side, refusing to speak to each other. Rhonda and the chubby boy (who'd introduced himself as Chip) lagged at end. Rhonda pulled a little red wagon behind her. Chip grinned at her, \"You must really like Halloween.\" \"You mean Samhain?\" Rhonda spoke, not looking at him. \"W-what?\" \"Samhain, also known as All Hallow's Eve, also known as Halloween. The Celtic holiday predating Christianity was celebrated on the one night between autumn and winter when the barrier between the living and dead was thinnest and often involved rituals of human sacrifice.\" Rhonda explained patiently, never missing a beat. Regan beamed in pride and glanced over her shoulder. Chip looked ready to wet himself. For the first time since they'd left the house, Rhonda looked at him, \"I like your eye-patch.\" Regan bit back a chortle as the group reached the end of the wood, the night sky opening in front of them. They walked a few more feet, the fog clinging to their ankles like wool. Regan looked around and realized that they were standing in... \"Great. A rock quarry.\" Schrader spoke, \"Nice way to celebrate Halloween, Macy.\" \"What're we doing here?\" Chip asked. \"To pay our respects to the dead.\" Macy replied, turning to the five kids. \"What happened?\" Chip inquired, \"Did somebody die here?\" Sara spoke up, \"Wait.\" She took off the 'head' of her alien costume, \"Is this where...?\" She grinned, \"It is, isn't it? That's where that bus-\" \"Shut up, Sara.\" Macy snapped. \"The Halloween School Bus Massacre.\" Chip breathed, looking over the rocky edge. \"Just don't call it that.\" Macy ordered. \"What's she talkin' about?\" Schrader asked, sounding weary. \"It's this awesome town legend.\" Sara replied, sounding exciting, \"There's this bus full of crazy-\" \"Jesus! Will you just shut up and let me tell the damn story?\" Macy yelled, her voice echoing through the quarry. Sara looked ticked off. Regan couldn't blame her. Macy was unbearable. \"...You said a bad word.\" Rhonda muttered, sounding like a child. Macy rolled her eyes. Then, she straightened and began to tell the tragic tale: \"It happened 30 years ago, on a late Halloween afternoon. The school bus was on its usual route. But this wasn't your typical school bus, and these weren't your typical kids. There were eight of them, and they were different. Troubled. Disturbed. Every day, parents put their dirty secrets on this bus, to be driven to a school miles outside of town. But that day, the driver took a different route.\" Regan wasn't normally the emotional type, but this story was making her heart lurch. She imagined eight kids sitting in their seats, all dressed up for Halloween, oblivious to their fates. She didn't know what would happen yet, but she was sure it wouldn't be a happy ending. \"And instead of taking the students home, he drove the bus to an abandoned rock quarry.\" Oh, God. \" This rock quarry.\" Regan closed her eyes. What the kids didn't know was that over the years, their parents had become exhausted. Embarrassed. And they were willing to do anything to ease their burden. So one day, the parents approached the bus driver and made him an offer. With the money they collected together, they asked him to do the unthinkable. It almost worked perfectly.\" Macy didn't get into the details, but there was no need to. A school bus had been parked here. Now, there wasn't. And the students definitely weren't brought back home. There was only one other way out. \"The driver was never heard from again. As for the bus, some say it sank so deep that it couldn't be found. Others say the town just didn't want it to be found. For all we know, it's still down there, and so are those kids.\" Silence swallowed the teens for a few minutes. Macy's words echoed through the night air. Regan felt that corndog from lunch threatened to come out. Finally, Sara broke the silence, \"You are so full of shit.\" Regan cracked a smile. Someone had to say that, she was just sad it hadn't been her. \"Really?\" Macy smirked, \"Then I guess you won't mind being first.\" \"First what?\" Sara asked, looking annoyed. Macy grinned, \"Eight victims, eight jack-o-lanterns.\" She walked towards the trolley, \"Each one representing a lost soul. So,\" She turned to her comrades, \"We're gonna leave them by the side of the lake as an offering to those who died.\" \"...Oh.\" Sara said. \"That's nice.\" Regan spoke for the first time since they left the house. Macy shrugged, \"So?\" \"You don't do 'nice'.\" Regan reported bluntly. \"Nice is one thing. Respect is another.\" Macy retorted calmly, \"If you don't want to pay your respects to poor unfortunate children who drowned in mud, go ahead and leave.\" Regan did consider taking her leave...for a minute. Then, Macy's words sunk in. She'd heard bits and pieces of the legend, but she'd never heard the full story before. What if Macy was actually telling the truth? If she was, Regan would be doing something disrespectful and just plain cruel. She didn't even want to imagine what it must be like, being a water-logged cadaver, forgotten and alone, no one caring about your premature death. Besides, she couldn't leave Rhonda. Without Regan present to keep her in line, Macy would take out her revenge on the milk incident on the 'witch'. Regan would never forgive herself if she walked out on her friend now. The punk girl sighed and rolled her eyes, \"Fine. I'll stay.\" Rhonda beamed, and that kind of made up for it.[Chapter 3] Chapter All Hallow's Swap \"Where the hell are they?\" Regan angrily asked to no one in particular. The elevator that had brought them to lake could only take three at a time, so Schrader, Macy, and Sara had gone first. Chip, Regan, and Rhonda had followed. But after Rhonda had warned the boy not to blow out a jack-o-lantern, he'd simply disappeared. A portion of Regan hoped that he'd finally wet himself and go home, but they would've heard the elevator ascend; that thing creaked louder than an Egyptian tomb. Rhonda shrugged, sitting cross-legged in the dirt with a pumpkin on her lap. Regan glanced at her before sighing, \"I guess I should go look for them. Their parents will shoot me if I show up without their kids. Wait here.\" Rhonda nodded. The punk girl only hoped she'd listened and walked away. \"Wait.\" Regan turned around, and a small carved pumpkin was shoved in her hands. She shared a small smile with Rhonda before nodding in thanks and walked into the fog. She was relieved Rhonda had given her the pumpkin: now, not only did she have protection, but she could use it as a lantern as well. It was comforting to know that she had a tool against the shadows. The place was downright creepy, Regan had to admit that. It was freezing, for one thing, and the air was thick with the stench of rotting vegetation and mud. The girl coughed and slid the collar of her 'straight-jacket' over her mouth and nose, \"Schrader!\" No reply. Regan sighed and yelled a second time, \"Chip! Sara! Where the hell are you?\" Again, nothing. Regan her cloudy-gray eyes and prepared to return to Rhonda. A shriek made her jolt and nearly drop her jack-o-lantern. The holler echoed through the chasm, leaving behind a sense of despair. Just like that, Regan knew whose scream it was. Clutching the pumpkin to her chest, Regan raced back the way she'd come. Another wail prompted her to speed up, \"I'M COMING!\" By the time she skidded to a stop, the screaming had stopped and been replaced with a chain of whimpers. She noticed three figures and bit back a yelp. They looked like zombies: torn, dark clothes, chains, and disturbing visages. Rhonda was crawling away from them on all fours, her witch hat gone. \"Rhonda!\" Regan knelt down, wrapping an arm around her friend. She tried to hush her, but it was no use; Rhonda was terrified. \"Guys!\" A familiar male voice called. Both girls turned around. Regan did this out of fear, but Regan was ready to spring into action. One of the zombies took off its face, revealing... \"Schrader?\" Regan gawked. The two other zombies followed his example, though they did it grudgingly. Unsurprisingly, it was Sara and Macy. Chip got to his feet; his shirt and face had been painted crimson, and some kind of sausage was wrapped around his shoulders. That's when it hit Regan: this had all been a prank. Her hands curled into bitter fists. \"Are...ARE YOU ALL DEAD?\" Rhonda shrieked. \"Rhonda,\" Schrader said gently, \"Calm down. It was all just a trick.\" He held up his mask as he edged closer to her, \"Look, none of this is real. It was all just a trick.\" He sat down next to Rhonda, whose whimpered had raised in volume. \"A bad joke.\" He finished, looking at the brunette apologetically. \"I'd say it was a pretty good one.\" Macy remarked. Regan bared her teeth at her while Schrader did the glaring. For a pretty boy, he wasn't bad at it. \"Shut up.\" He demanded tiredly, like nothing would give him greater pleasure than her losing her voice. He turned back to Rhonda, whose hands were rubbing the back of her head. \"Here, here, here. Let me see.\" He eyed the injury while Chip, looking bashful, began to walk up to them. Macy stopped him and pushed him back, looking very pissed off. \"Does it hurt?\" Schrader asked. Rhonda nodded and buried her face in his chest, weeping in fright. The boy obviously hadn't expected it, but after a second, he lay his hand on her back. Just like that, Regan forgave him. He turned to the trio standing, \"Go pack everything up. We're leaving.\" \"Says who?\" Macy asked, arching an eyebrow. Regan jumped to her feet and tried to lunge at her. Chip and Macy grabbed her arms, just barely holding her back. \"Macy!\" Schrader snapped, clearly exasperated, \"She's scared out of her mind. What else do you want?\" Macy clearly didn't like the idea, but after a pause, she turned to Sara and Chip, \"Let's go.\" \"I'm coming along.\" Regan said, \"The faster all the stuff's packed, the sooner we can leave.\" She shot Schrader a small smile, flashing a Thank you . He nodded and continued to comfort Rhonda. Moments later, Regan stuffed Macy's angel costume in a bag while Sara did the same with hers and Schrader's. Chip noticed something at the shore, \"This one's still lit.\" Regan turned around, puzzled. Indeed, there was one of Rhonda's jack-o-lanterns resting on the dirty sand. Macy stepped forward and kicked it in the water. Regan froze, her jaw dropping. Immediately, weird creaking noises set her at unease. The others took no notice. Chip asked, \"If this was all a trick, how did the school bus get here?\" Regan glanced at the half of the filthy school bus sitting on the surface as Macy responded, \"That part's true.\" \"What happened to the bus driver?\" \"I don't know , Chip!\" Macy rolled her eyes, then stopped, \"What?\" \"I didn't say anything.\" Chip murmured. Just like that, Regan knew they were in trouble. Macy looked almost scared for a second, then resumed grabbing her things, \"I'm not in the mood.\" \"It wasn't me.\" Chip replied. \"It's true.\" Regan piped up, \"He didn't say a word.\" \"Well, then, who did?\" Macy snapped, turning to face the punk girl. Regan opened her mouth to retort when weird giggling met her ears. Everyone started looking around, looking for the source of the laughter. The voices continued, growing steadily louder. Schrader and Rhonda sat near the elevator, waiting for the other to return. A chorus of screams made Rhonda sit up, her eyes wide. She thought of Regan and felt her body go stiff with solicitude. \"Not again,\" Schrader sighed, thinking it was another prank. As the screams continued, though, he wasn't so sure. He echoed Regan's command from earlier, \"Wait here.\" He rose and jogged towards the noises. Schrader ran through the mist, looking for his comrades when a body toppled on his, yelping. He landed on his back as a high-pitched voice said his name. He looked at Macy's fear-stricken face as she helped him up. \"We have to go, we have to get out of here.\" She urged, trying to push him along. \"Hey, calm down-\" \"We have to GO!\" \"Look, Macy-\" \"LISTEN TO ME!\" Macy cried, tears trickling down her cheeks, \"We heard voices. There are other people here.\" As if to back her story up, the ghostly voices resumed. Everyone looked around, their hearts pounding with fear. Finally, they all turned to the source: the lake. The five kids watched in horror as figures crawled out of the water, never stopping their taunting. Before they knew it, they were face to face with the eight undead children, all coated in mud and dead leaves. The five screamed as loudly as banshees and raced in the opposite direction. The ghoulish giggling and speaking never stopped, which meant that the undead children were in close pursuit. The chains on Sara's costume suddenly went tight, sending her sprawling on the ground. Macy turned to her friend. For the first time since she'd known her, Regan thought she saw something genuine in the blonde's eyes: concern and fear. More chortling, and something dragged Sara back at a frightening speed, \" Help me! Help me! \" Macy screamed. \" Noooo! \" Sara shrieked, disappearing in the fog. Macy bolted to her aid, but Schrader knew it was a lost cause. He gripped her arm and yanked her away, \"No, come on!\" Chip, Macy, and Schrader ran for their lives, not looking back. Regan ran in the opposite direction. Towards the zombies. She arrived just in time to the creatures looming over Sara, leaning in for the kill- \"DON'T,\" She yelled, \"Touch her!\" Sara looked up in disbelief while the zombies stopped and looked at her. Even though their eyes were gone (the research on decomposition had clearly said that the eyes were the first things to go), Regan had the uncanny sensation of being watched. For a few seconds, silence dominated the place. Then, a kid dressed like Dracula stepped forward, eying Regan with interest. Then it said in a quiet, creaky (yet masculine) voice, \"Go away.\" Regan didn't know what had brought her here. She wasn't really this brave. Maybe it was just the adrenaline. Or maybe she just didn't want to feel guilty about running away from someone with a chance. Whatever the reason, she found herself saying, \"We will. Sorry for bothering you.\" She turned to the girl lying on her back, \"Sara, come on.\" Sara tried to move, but a kid with a paper bag on his/her head gripping her shoulder with a bone-cracking grip. Regan sighed, \"Let her go.\" \"Are you her friend?\" Dracula asked. Regan couldn't help pick up the trace of envy when he said the word 'friend'. \"No,\" She admitted, seeing no point in lying, \"I don't really like her all that much.\" \"Then leave.\" Dracula ordered, \"You don't look like you disrespected Samhain, so we're letting you off the hook. But the rest of them die.\" \"No,\" Regan repeated, more angrily this time, \"Look, I'm not particularly fond of these kids, but they don't deserve to die.\" The kids looked appalled. They looked at each other in shock, then back at her. Dracula seemed to ponder over this statement before turning to his friends. They seemed to know what he was thinking and muttered in agreement. He turned back to Regan, \"Alright. We'll give you a deal.\" Oh, boy. Regan had seen enough horror movies to know that it wouldn't be good. Still, she braced herself, \"Okay. What?\" \"We'll let this one go,\" Dracula said as two of the undead kids helped Sara to her feet, \"And your friends can walk away unharmed.\" Regan arched a dark brow, \"Yeah, sure.\" She was seventeen for crying out loud. She'd never fall for a sappy happy ending. \"You have our word,\" Dracula assured her, sounding slightly offended that she didn't believe them, \"And the dead can't lie.\" Regan folded her arms, \"And what do you want in exchange? My first-born kid?\" That idea actually amused the zombies. They chuckled hollowly and shaking their head. Dracula wiped his eyes under his mask and replied, \"No, nothing like that.\" Regan guessed he was grinning, \"You take their place.\" Regan blinked, \"Excuse me?\" \"You heard me.\" Dracula retorted, \"If you take this girl's place and allow us to kill you in her stead, then her and the rest of those hooligans can walk away.\" \"Swap.\" A tall kid chimed in. \"Swap!\" The kid with the paper back yelled. Dracula smirked, \"Make your decision.\" Regan stood there, still as a statue.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: All Hallow's Friend What should I do? What should I do? What in the hell should I do? The words whirled in Regan's mind as her eyes bulged. She'd never felt so frightened. This was like a very dangerous game of chess: if you lose the game, you lose your life. Surely, the noble decision would've been to agree. Allow the zombies to rip her limb from limb and dump her mutilated corpse somewhere to rot. That would assure the safety of her comrades. If this was a movie, Regan would've courageously accepted and allowed the kids to pounce on her and tear her organs out. But this wasn't a movie. Regan had never lost a limb, but she'd been bitten by a variety of pets, and once, the entire nail of her pinky came off. That had been painful, but being ripped apart? Who would ever want to die like that? It was probably one of the worst ways to go: messy, horribly painful, and long. She thought about the people she'd be leaving behind: her father, for one. Oh, God. Harry Bates was already sensitive enough as it was. If his daughter went missing, he'd probably pull the plug on himself. And Rhonda, who'd never had a friend before her. Friend. Regan remembered how the vampire boy had had an undertone of envy when he said that word. Just like that, a new door opened for her. Compared to these kids, she, Rhonda, and the others lived in Paradise. These children had nothing except death, each other, their own decomposing bodies, and this quarry. Did they know why they'd almost been murdered? They must have; it explained why no search parties had ever been held. They'd been viewed upon as mistakes, and best left for dead. Maybe that explained their apparently-violent tendencies. Regan wouldn't have been surprised if their families had never shown them affection or grown attached to them. Plus, they'd been lying in the mud for thirty years, forgotten by everyone. Regan knew what to do. It was risky, but it was better than the deal she'd been offered. \"No.\" The word echoed through the foggy night like a siren. Even though she couldn't see their eyes (which royally freaked her out), she got the feeling of eight pairs of eyes blinking at the same time. Finally, a kid dressed like a skeleton croaked, \"...What?\" \"I won't swap.\" Sara clearly didn't like her answer. That meant she wasn't saved, and the zombies were going to cut them up like California rolls. She collapsed in a heap on the floor, but no one noticed. \"But-but you have to!\" A boy in a rabbit costume rasped, shocked, \"We'll kill you all if you don't!\" \"I have something better to offer you.\" The kids groaned in excitement, looking at each other anxiously. Dracula voice their thoughts, \"More deaths? You'll go back and trick more people into coming here?\" \"Uh, no.\" Though Regan had to admit, it was tempting to do that to Ms. Bollocks. \"Then, what?\" The tall kid whined. \"If you let us all go, I promise I'll come back three times a week...and spend time with you.\" The kids stared at the robust girl like she'd just claimed to be Marie Antoinette. Dracula spoke, \"Is this some kind of joke?\" \"Nope.\" Regan shook her head. \"You think we want to spend time with you?\" Dracula snarled, \"We're waterlogged cadavers! We exist to terrorize anyone who enters here!\" \"No. You don't.\" Regan folded her arms, \"You exist because you don't have any other choice, just like anyone else. I'll bet some of you have tried to rest in peace and failed. Am I right?\" A couple of the kids tucked their hands behind their backs or in their pockets. They didn't reply, but Regan could tell that her words had plunged in deep. \"You're lonely and bored.\" Regan's tone softened; she usually saved that tone for Rhonda, \"You've been stuck here for thirty years, with no connection to the outside world. I'm sure you're curious about your town, how it's changed, who've left, who's moved in. But there's no way you can know because no one ever comes down here. \"Well, that'll change. I'll come. I'll come over three nights every week, like I said. When I have vacations, I'll be able to visit more often. I'll bring you candy, toys, books, anything you want. I'll tell you everything I can learn about recent events, and if there are people you want to know about, I'll do my best to dig up some dirt on them. I can bring in some clothes, if you're interested in fashion. Hell, I'll even bring you some fresh clothes if you want a change in wardrobe! I'll sing songs and dance, though I must warn you, I can't twirl to save my life. If you want, I'll just sit down and listen to whatever you have to say. If I can, I'll help you out. \"I'll be your friend.\" Regan concluded simply, taking a breath. She met the gaze of each and every undead child, waiting for their answer.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: All Hallow's Departure Schrader, Macy, and Chip reached the elevator door, clinging to the bars like their lives depended on it. In a way, it did. Chip whimpered while Schrader tried the handle; the door was locked. He looked down at the long-haired girl, who was sitting cross-legged on the elevator floor, staring at a jack-o-lantern like it contained all the answers she needed. \"Rhonda, open the gate!\" \"Let us in, please!\" Chip cried, trying to open the door in vain. \"Open the gate!\" Macy chimed in. Slowly, Rhonda looked up blankly at the three terrified teens. \"Open the gate, please .\" Schrader begged. A few meters away, eight figures trudged through the fog, making terrifying squawking noises every step of the way. Rhonda seemed to understand, despite her blank expression. Calmly, she put down the jack-o-lantern and reached for the key. Chip stared at the approaching figures with quick breaths as Rhonda rose. For a second, it looked like she would open the door and save them...when she realized that Regan wasn't with them. They'd left her behind to save themselves. The only person who'd ever shown her kindness was gone, thanks to these cowards. She pressed the 'UP' button. \"No!\" Schrader yelled, \"Rhonda, look at me.\" \"What're you doing?\" Macy screamed. \"It's not a trick,\" The tall boy said desperately, \"It's real!\" She continued to stare coldly at the three as the elevator began its ascend. Schrader and Macy looked ready to cry while Chip just looked panicked, \"Where's she going?\" \"Please...\" Macy whimpered. \" RHONDA !\" They screamed as Rhonda waved goodbye. Schrader kept yelling at her to come back, but it was no use. They turned around to face the zombies, who were so close now, they could smell their rotting flesh. Macy shrieked while the three got ready for the worst... \"Guys!\" The screaming stopped abruptly. The kids didn't know these things could talk. Then, they realized the voice was somehow familiar. Schrader, Macy, and Chip stood rooted to the spot as the corpses parted, making way for a ninth figure. They recognized her spiky hair in a second. \" Regan? \" Chip breathed, his eyes as wide as a lemur's. \"They're not gonna hurt us.\" Regan said bluntly, rubbing her sore neck. The trio were astounded at how casual she was acting. They didn't know who scared her most: Rhonda, or Regan. Probably Rhonda, because the teens were sure that the zombies would've attacked them if it weren't for the punk girl. \"Regan, what's going on?\" Schrader asked, his voice shaky. \"Relax, dude.\" She replied, \"I made a deal with them. Nobody's dying tonight.\" Her statement was met with generally positive mutterings. \"Where's Sara?\" Macy cried to the zombies, \"What've you done to her?\" \"Oh.\" Dracula spoke, \"Her. Yes, she's right here.\" He and Regan turned to the tall kid dressed like a demon, who stepped forward. The trio were horrified and relieved at seeing an unconscious Sara in his withering arms. \"Drop her now!\" Macy snapped. He did. She fell like a sack of potatoes on the ground. Regan face-palmed. \"So...we're free to go?\" Chip asked nervously. \"Yes,\" Dracula nodded, \"You should be extremely grateful . If it weren't for Regan, you'd all be dead by now.\" \"You didn't...\" Schrader stepped forward, \"Regan, you're not taking our place. It's all or nothing-\" \"I know!\" Regan sounded slightly annoyed now, \"Didn't I just say nobody's gonna die?\" \"...Alright.\" Schrader nodded, looking relieved. \"Now the big question is,\" Regan pondered, \"Is how do we get out of here?\" She pointed, \"The elevator's gone.\" \"There's another way.\" Dracula said. He pointed a filthy hand. They all looked in that direction and saw a very rocky road leading back to town. \"Well,\" Schrader, still the gentlemen, turned to the zombies, \"Thank you again for...you know, not killing us. And thanks for bringing back Sara.\" \"Don't thank us.\" A kid dressed like Raggedy Anne snapped, tilting her head at the only breather next to them, \"Thank her.\" \"Right.\" Schrader nodded, \"Thanks, Regan.\" Regan just nodded and turned to the zombies. Her face and voice softened, like she was speaking to children, \"See you tomorrow night, okay?\" The kids nodded perkily, and one dwarf (a kid barely three feet tall) stepped forward and wrapped his/her arms around Regan's knees (that was as high as he/she could reach). It was difficult to tell who looked more surprised: Regan, or the three kids standing several feet away. After a moment, though, the punk girl smiled a little and returned the embrace. \"Well?\" Regan asked smugly as the five hiked up the path. \"What?\" Macy snapped, combing her tangled hair with her fingers. \"Don't I deserve a 'thank you'?\" Macy groaned. \"Come on, Macy.\" Schrader chimed in severely, Sara in his arms, \"She did save our lives. The least she deserves is thanks.\" \"You're not helping, Schrader!\" Macy snapped, glaring at Regan. When her glower was returned with a snobbish grin, the blonde sighed in exasperation, \" Fine! Thank you very, very much Regan. If it weren't for you, we'd all have been zombie chow. There, ya happy?\" \"Exceedingly.\" Came the reply. They stepped in silence for a bit. Then, Chip turned to Regan, curiosity gleaming in his eyes, \"So, what did you promise the zombies?\" Regan smiled, \"That I visit them three times a week.\" Schrader and Macy looked back at her with arched brows. \"What?\" Regan shrugged, \"Everybody needs friends.\" By the time the group got back to the neighborhood, the sky had gone from black to indigo. Sara regained her consciousness by the time they were saying goodnight, and then and there, the band swore never to tell anyone what had happened that night. Who would believe them? Before going to her house, Regan stopped at Rhonda's house, where the jack-o-lanterns were still lit and in their proper places. From what Schrader had told her, Rhonda had left them there to die. Even though the pranksters didn't understand why she'd done it, Regan did. The brunette had thought that the trio had left Regan behind and responded out of anger. Rubbing her eyes and yawning, Regan reached the front door and knocked. When no one answered, she knocked again, louder this time, \"Rhonda! It's me.\" For a second, there was no reply. Then, a tiny voice whispered, \"R...Regan?\" \"Yep. Come on, open up.\" The door swung open. Rhonda had showered and changed in a monogrammed sweater and an ankle-long skirt. She stared at Regan with wide eyes. The two friends stood there, looking at each other. Then, Rhonda broke down crying and hugged the punk girl tightly. Regan patted the girl's back, whispering, \"There, there.\"[Chapter 6] Epilogue For the next few weeks, true to her word, Regan Bates visited the school bus victims three times a week, staying two hours during each stopover. Rhonda offered her red wagon, which was greatly appreciated. Each time at sundown, Regan tugged the buggy through the streets. It was always loaded with stuff: candy, baked goods, toys, board games, and blankets. When she returned, Regan carried different tokens: dead flowers, a bracelet, and a rock that looked like Katy Perry. Each time, when her friend came to take the wagon, Rhonda begged to be taken along. \"Not right now,\" Regan always replied gently but firmly, \"They're still getting used to company. But I promise: in time.\" Since she was using it regularly, the punk girl made sure that the elevator functioned properly. She oiled the hinges, consulted a manual to check on the electrical circuits, and even put two plastic jack-o-lanterns at the entrance. For the first couple of visits, things were awkward, as they always were with acquaintances. The kids spent the time talking about the weather, and their favorite parts of town. In addition, the zombies were hesitant about trusting Regan. They kept expecting her to break her word and stop visiting them. It was understandable, considering their own parents had paid the bus driver to do away with them. But eventually, when the girl continued to visit them without fail, the undead children began to rely that Regan wouldn't walk out on them. By the tenth visit, things had loosened up. They played all kinds of games like charades, tag, hide-and-seek, and I-Spy. She told them about how her parents divorced when she was fifteen, and in return, each kid told her about his/her background. Each of them had been born with some mental condition, but thanks to the school they'd attended, they'd been on the path to getting better. But they still hadn't been normal, and their parents had been beyond embarrassed. Some of them even recalled never seeing pictures of themselves on the wall, their parents' way of shrouding their existence to visitors. By the twelfth appointment, Regan asked them what they looked like under their masks. Jake (Dracula) had hesitated, warning her that it wasn't a pretty sight. The girl had insisted, and finally, they took turns revealing their faces. Regan had paled to the color of frozen milk, but she still forced a smile and said, \"It's not that bad.\" That earned her a huge amount of affection from the kids. They'd expected her to scream and run. Two months passed before anyone confronted her about it. That person happened to be (surprise, surprise) Macy. She scoffed, \"Like you're really hanging out with dead people.\" \"First of all, they're not dead. They're undead.\" Regan correctly hotly, \"And second, they have names, okay?\" \"Who cares?\" Macy retorted, \"I bet you just sit around the forest for two hours, then come back.\" \"I do not!\" \"Then prove it!\" Macy grinned, \"When're you visiting them next?\" \"Tomorrow evening.\" \"Great,\" Macy challenged, \"Me, Schrader, and Sara will come with you. If you can prove your little story, then I'll do your homework until summer vacation.\" Regan smiled, \"And if I lose?\" Macy's cold smile matched the punk's, \"You do anything I tell you until summer ends .\" Regan shrugged, \"Fine.\" She spat in the palm of her hand and held it out, ready to shake. Macy grimaced, \"I'll take your word for it.\" The next evening, Regan resisted a cackle as she carefully folded the freshly-washed blankets in the wagon. Macy, Schrader, and Sara walked towards her. Sara was dressed in an aquamarine shirt and jeans, Schrader wore a Chicago Bulls sweatshirt and trousers, and Macy had a white tank and beige skirt on. With her kohl-rimmed eyes, Jack Skellington shirt, and black tights, she looked like some kind of exotic, dangerous flower compared to them. \"Hey, Regan.\" Schrader saluted politely. \"'Sup.\" Regan cracked her neck and fingered her shrunken-heads necklace, \"You ready?\" The trio nodded, Macy looking overly-confident. Regan kept her expression blank as she pulled the buckboard along. To ease the tension, Schrader asked her questions about the undead children. \"So...how old are they?\" \"The oldest kids are Lisa, Jake, and Eddie. In order, they're the ragdoll, the vampire, and the tall guy. They were all out age when they died. The youngest is that short kid, Jamie. He was about six.\" \"Ah, cool.\" Schrader nodded, \"And uh, what do you do with them?\" Regan's stony mask cracked. She smiled a little, \"Lots of stuff. We talk, play games, and eat a lot of junk food. They eat like I can pluck food out of the air like a magician.\" Macy and Sara shared a disbelieving look while Schrader and Regan continued to talk. The boy couldn't believe it, but he was actually starting to think that this wasn't some big bluff. The girl replied bluntly, and the answers were so different from what he'd expected, Schrader doubted she'd made it all up. Finally, they reached the rock quarry. Since Regan had worked on the escalator, all four of them could get in. As it easily descended into the pit, Macy folded her arms, ready to laugh in Regan's face when no zombie showed up. Once the hoist touched the leafy ground, Macy burst out first. \"Alright,\" She held her arms out, \"Where are they?\" She raised her voice as a figure rose from the fog, \"Come out, come out, kids!\" Someone tapped her on the shoulder. Macy frowned and stared at Regan to make sure she was in front of her. In fact, the punk was biting her lip to keep from laughing while Schrader and Sara looked ready to pass out. Macy felt cold breath on her ear. Very slowly, she turned around. Dracula, still dressed like the count, was standing there, a large dandelion obviously meant for Regan in his dirty hands. He wasn't wearing his mask, which made him a thousand times more terrifying than on Halloween. His eyes were gone, and his skin was shriveled-looking and turning black. His lips were gone, and he had a bad gash on his temple that looked like it'd been sewn shut. He recognized Macy and smirked, \"Hello.\" \"Hey, Jake.\" Regan greeted casually. Macy fainted on the spot. And so, Macy lost the bet. She was forced to do Regan's homework for the rest of the school year, much to her annoyance. Now, she believed the girl 100%, but something else changed. The blonde hated to admit it, but she found herself actually respecting Regan now. The punk girl had been telling the truth. She'd really been visiting eight tragedy victims six hours a week to give them the attention they'd desperately needed. Macy wasn't sure what astounded her the most: the fact that Regan did this without asking for anything in return, or that she'd really kept her word. Macy knew for a fact that she'd have said/done anything to survive that night, even marry one of them, but if she'd had to return to the place she'd almost died in, she'd have shot herself first. A truce appeared between the two girls. On the outside, Macy still taunted Regan, but she no longer poked fun at her personal life or did something particularly bothersome. They kept out of each other's way. Macy continued being the perfect little blonde that everybody worshiped, but she never forgot what Regan taught her: not everybody does things for their own benefit. Some just perform actions for the sake of others. As for Regan, she continued to visit the rock quarry. It wasn't a chore for her at all. She enjoyed being with these kids. They were her playmates, her conversationalists, her...best friends. Rhonda eventually tagged along, and though the undead children accepted her, they never forgot that Regan had been the one to show them friendship. \"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.\" -Martin Luther King Jr. ","Summary":" Hello everyone! This is a fic dedicated to my new epic friend Sam (BackgroundRobot- 11), who is a f"}]