[{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Letter","Author":"Heavanly Flower","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12418848","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So… You guys must've watched Cyberbully by now since you looked this story up… I cried so hard during the movie….. I watched it four times to get the feeling. Through it all I cried. I couldn't stand it….. During the movie I saw how people can do these things….. I just wish those people that cyberbully would just stop… But life isn't that easy…. Thanks to people like Tina Meier, as it said at the end of the movie, 34 states now have laws against cyberbullying… But thanks to much more hard work, all fifty states have passed the anti-cyberbullying school legislation….. It feels good to know that people aren't getting off the hook about this… First was Georgia in 1999….. And so on it went… Make sure you're not quiet anymore…. Stick up for yourself! Don't let others bring you down! Don't let others take control! Take them down and show them who you truly are! And if you can't do that….. Show them who THEY really are! I'll be there to watch…. Physically there or not….. I'll be there through it all….. Stick up for yourself…. Let your fear subside first….. It's easier that way….. Bye! ","Summary":" So… You guys must've watched Cyberbully by now since you looked this story up… I cried so hard duri"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Breathe me","Author":"Linneagb","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12857391","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's told from Kris's point of view The title- \"Breathe me\" is the title of Sia's song that is playing in the background of the scene where Taylor makes that video when she wants to commit suicide. \"I thought you went home.\" Only an hour or two after I left the ward I walked up the same hallways again, now dressed in clothes that were softer and would do better for a night sitting by a hospital bed watching my daughter sleep. Otherwise mostly the same as I had left and a whole lot earlier than what I had been expected to return. \"Yes.\" I turned to Dr. Rilke, who had recognized me from before and interrupted on my way through the hallway. \"I did but I…\" I had stopped right outside Taylor's room and glanced past the bed closest to the door and to my daughter on the second. \"I know she's seventeen and she'll be asleep through the night and… everything but I. If she wakes up, I just wanted to… even though she's old enough to mind her own and she'll fall asleep soon again I just… I don't want her to be alone. I want to be there and I… I…\" \"You…\" Dr. Rilke interrupted and smiled comfortingly at me. \"…Are a mum. And we see quite a lot of those around here. What do you think we'd do? Throw you out, head first and lock you out until in the morning?\" He smiled again. \"If it was me in the hospital I would want my mum with me and I'm forty plus.\" I couldn't help to feel grateful that Dr. Rilke was talking to me as if I had been just an old friend rather than a family of a patient who was only one in the crowd like it should have been and most other staff in a place like this would. \"We've got one of those fold away beds and some extra sheets for times like these. Would you like one of those so you can too lay down and sleep and still stay close to Taylor?\" \"No.\" I shook my head without a doubt. \"I think… no, I just want to stay awake and stick to her side. Be there if… when she wakes up.\" Dr. Rilke nodded in understanding to what I said. Then looked to Taylor where she laid on the second bed from the door by which we still stood and for a minute looked thoughtful. As if he really did try to understand what I had said and was feeling rather than what he could see as a doctor. \"Even if she wakes up now she will probably be quite sleepy and not stay awake for long. That's not unusual, her body and mind has suffered a lot of stress through the last few hours and it could also be a side effect from these medicines. Still, make sure she takes one every six hours. She and also her body should start getting used to them and feel better in the morning. You should be able to go home then.\" I suppressed a moan. Even though it was almost midnight the morning just seemed way too far away. \"Don't wake her up on purpose. But the next time she wakes up you can give her a pill of those medicines I prescribed for you. I wouldn't be surprised if she… you know, has some loss of appetite or nightmares or she might be a bit dizzy and nauseas. Those are side effects from most medicines but it's nothing to worry about unless she has trouble keeping fluid down or go unconscious. It's just logic really. Then... If she doesn't want to eat- it's more important that she eats at all than that it would be healthy. If she wants cake, then let her eat cake.\" I nodded and took in what he said. But right then I guess I didn't quite hear it. All I could see and hear right then was my daughter, pale and with her blonde hair- so much like mine spread across the white pillow sheet and her slow, deep breaths moving her chest up and down under the blanket and making the most comforting noise of all times. The sound of your very own child's breaths. The sound of my daughter's life. I tried to keep away the thoughts of how close it had been only earlier today. If Samantha hadn't seen that video at the very moment it was uploaded, if I had turned my phone off for a meeting, if Taylor had gotten that can open, if she had done what she wanted without filming it… \"Mrs. Hillridge?\" When Dr. Rilke's voice brought me back to reality it was with a sharp intake of breath and I suddenly realized I was hyperventilating and didn't for my life understand how I was going to be able to stop and slow it down. \"I… I…\" I didn't know what I could have said. But something made me stutter something I didn't know how to continue and it had me breathing even faster if so was possible. \"Come here.\" Dr. Rilke gently laid a hand on my back and led me through the room and to sit down on a chair by Taylor's bed and he sat down on another right next to me. \"It's okay… Here.\" He moved his hand from my back and took my hand lying it against his shirt over his chest. \"Try to feel it moving when I'm breathing and then breathe with me, okay? Breathe in?\" He slowly breathed in. \"And then out… and then in…\" Dr. Rilke kept on excessively deep breaths while holding onto my wrist gently and holding my hand still towards his shirt. I barely knew up from down. Even though I tried to breathe with him something kept stopping me and sent me into yet one quicker breath after the other while I didn't know whether to cry, run or scream at the top of my lungs. Then suddenly both I and Dr. Rilke flinched and turned when we heard Taylor moan in her sleep and turn. And I held my breath looking down on her. Please don't wake up, please don't wake up. Please don't wake up right now. I don't want you seeing me like this. I breathed out when Taylor only took a deep, snoring breath and then stayed asleep. And somehow that got a hang of my breathing again. At least so to the point I was finally able to squeeze out only a few words. \"I'm sorry.\" I finally managed to force myself to take a deep, but still almost as quick breath. \"I'm really sorry.\" \"You don't have to say you're sorry.\" Dr. Rilke said as calmly as he ever did. Then finally let go of my wrist and leaned forward leaning his elbows towards his knees. \"You had a panic attack. It's scary, yet harmless. It'll be all gone in a couple of minutes.\" We sat there in silence for a few minutes. I put my arms on the metal railing on Taylor's hospital bed and leaned against it slightly when I wasn't so sure that my own body and spine could hold my whole weight up. And from that I put my head in my hands and sighed. \"How did I let this happen?\" \"We see… these… sadly, way too often.\" I had asked more myself than Dr. Rilke and almost forgotten he was right by me so I flinched and looked up. \"Sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. But there is one thing I want you to remember- it is not your fault.\" But I got that freaking laptop for her. None of this would have happened if I hadn't. But then, if I hadn't gotten that for her I would have never known this would happen if I did. And I had really been wanting to give it to her as a treat for doing so well in school lately. But of course, I'd choose feeling bad about not giving her what she wanted than being here today knowing how close I had been to losing her only earlier today. And the grumpy feeling of not getting what she wanted for her birthday rather than what must have been going through her mind when she did it. The thoughts about what had or what hadn't been were spinning in my head. So bad I couldn't even pick out one from the other. \"I'm sorry…\" I said at last, realizing that close to another hour had passed since I had arrived back at the hospital. \"I didn't realize you have other patients to see. I didn't mean to keep you here with me. You can go. I will just stay here with Taylor.\" \"Once again you don't have to say you're sorry. In fact I don't have any other patients because my shift is over. But you didn't make me stay here with you- I chose to stay here with you. And I'm going to either until you want to tell me to go. Or until I feel as if you're doing better here. Then I'll go home and hug my kids hard. I just always have to do that after a shift like this one.\" For a moment I was going to ask about his kids, how many, how old, what were their names? Then I must have forgotten all about it. \"How do you do it?\" I just had to ask. \"I don't think I'll ever understand how anyone could do it but… How do you spend all of your time here with all of your kids back at home and seeing all this misery. And now, you stay here with me and with Taylor. And then before you return for your next shift we will be long gone and hopefully never see each other again. How do you not just, f*ck it. And then forget about it all and decide to go home to your family.\" I had to silent at last. Dr. Rilke bit his lip and frowned, seeming as if he had never been asked something like that before and had to wonder for a while to figure what to say and what words to use. \"First of all, my kids- there are five of them. Then… I've been told that patients and their family members and friends well. That I seem to care for them and not just the numbers of their vitals or however much fun their conditions are for me to treat. And I do guess that the reason for why people think I act like that is because I do my best to try and act like that. People coming here aren't only a conditions or some numbers on a beeping, electrical board. And therefore I shouldn't treat them like they are.\" It took me a while to figure and understand what he had told me. Then looked down on Taylor where she laid pale towards the covers. Five of this? I wouldn't be able to go a day without worrying twenty four seven. \"How do you even bear to care for it all?\" I must have asked myself more than what I asked Dr. Rilke. I had two, and this one. It was just breaking my heart. \"Honestly I don't even know that myself. But when I treat a patient and meet family I try to imagine how I would like to be met by the staff if one of my kids were in hospital like this. Of course, sometimes I succeed and then sometimes I don't and feel ashamed of how I acted to someone and just wants to look them up and apologize. But… I try to see it like I treat the people here… whoever they are. Like just that- people. And not think that they're just another patient or family member….\" Suddenly something changed in his expression. \"I think she's waking up now.\" Dr. Rilke nodded towards Taylor and stood up. \"I think you can need some time on your own. Now remember what I said, it is not- and I mean NOT your fault.\" It didn't really hit me what he had said at all before Dr. Rilke left the room. And for a second I was trying to understand it before I turned to Taylor whose eyes fluttered open just as I saw her. \"Hey baby.\" I ran my palm over Taylor's forehead and then down her hair- a mother's gesture to secretly feel for a temperature. \"How are you feeling?\" \"'m okay.\" Taylor said sleepily and rubbed her eyes. \"But didn't you just go home?\" \"I did. But it didn't feel right to leave you here alone all night.\" I reached up once again and ran my hand over her forehead one more time. \"Even Eric said the same thing and agreed with me. Now. Can you sit up, you have to take a pill that Dr. Rilke prescribed for you.\" I stood up and supported Taylor as she stiffly and tiredly sat up. \"Good girl… Just a second.\" I stepped over to the bedside table and as quickly as I could moved for Taylor not to have to sit up for too long, I took the jug filled with water into a Styrofoam cup and opened the small box with pills and poured one out into my palm. Never again would I be able to open such pill boxes without feeling grateful that there were children's locks on them. And that Taylor had never had to take medicines and learnt the easy way to get them opened. If she had… \"Here.\" I carefully handed her the pill and then held onto the glass while she lifted it to her mouth and then too the straw and swallowed a few sips before she leaned back against the sheets. \"Is there something else I can get you?\" I turned for a second to put the cup away. \"The restaurant is closed now but I'm sure I could get a sandwich or something else for you if you want me too. You should eat something, you haven't all day.\" Taylor suddenly shivered slightly. \"Are you cold? Do you need me to get another blanket?\" \"I'm not very hungry.\" Taylor said at last. \"And no.\" She took a grip of the covers she had and pulled them up to her chin. \"I'm good. I'm just sleepy.\" She laid down, but in difference to fall asleep she laid with her eyes open and almost seemed to be waiting for something. And after only watching her for for sure ten minutes in case she'd only want to fall asleep I said what seemed like the simplest- it was just the only thing I could think of saying right now. \"Do you remember that soup I used to make when you were little?\" I stroke my hand over Taylor's forehead once again and stroke away a blonde tress that had fallen into her eyes. \"When you were ill it was the only thing you would eat. When we go home I could make you some of that if you want.\" \"The one with coconut milk and corn?\" \"Yeah. That's the one. Or I could call and ask Eric to make those grilled cheese sandwiches he makes, those with chicken- he does make them better than anybody else and I could ask him to have them ready for when we're home. Or we could go to that café on the corner and get that cheesecake that you like so much. The one with chocolate.\" Please Taylor, just tell me what you want. Anything! \"Mum?\" \"Yes?\" Relieved when Taylor finally looked like she was going to ask for something I sat up. Ready to run to the other side of the world if that's what it took to give her what she needed right now. \"Do you remember what you used to do when I was little and couldn't sleep?\" Well, it wasn't about running to the other side of the world but it was something and I nodded- how could I ever forget? \"I'd come and lay down next to you and hug you.\" Taylor nodded weakly. \"Do you want me to do it now?\" She hesitated for a moment, but I knew what that look now. \"Oh honey. You don't have to be afraid to ask me what you want. I'm your mum. That's what I'm here for.\" I stood up. \"And of course I can But then you need to move to the side or I'll fall out.\" I pulled off my shoes while Taylor, during moaning tiredly moved away from me on the bed so there would be enough space for me to crawl up and lie down next to her. Pulling my arms tightly around my daughter and she snuggled her face into my shirt and then laid her ear against my chest where she could listen to my heart beating. \"You used to want to lie like this all the time when you were just a baby.\" I said when I could hear on Taylor's breaths that she was still awake. \"I guess you must have heard my heartbeats when I was pregnant and you were in my belly. Then after you were born and for months you would scream almost as soon as I let you go. We tried to lie you like this against your dad's chest or even your aunt's or grandma's. It didn't work. It was like you always knew you would listen to the same beat you had heard… well, from inside of me really. And even as you grew up, few things would calm you down and help you sleep as laying down close like this. And you would listen to my heart and I would listen to your breathing only so I'd know you were safe.\" \"It's been a while though.\" Taylor barely more than breathed. \"It must have been years- I grew up. Maybe I'm too old for this too… Do you remember the poem you used to read me?\" \"If I remember it? I wouldn't be able to forget it if I tried. And you wouldn't be too old for it even if you so woke up one morning having turned one hundred.\" Then before Taylor could say anything else about being too old or anything else. I started reading the short poem out loud right from my memories of the words that I had read to her so many times before. Today has passed us by and the light is disappearing into twilight the world outside my window has gone silent as day turns into night After the first verse I made a slight pause. Then before I continued it seemed Taylor wanted to say something. And I silent and paused again since words were coming slowly right now. \"Do you remember that I helped out with writing the last part?\" After everything that had happened today I couldn't help but smile remembering how four year old Taylor had \"helped\" me write a poem that would help her fall asleep. It did its work yeah. But that's pretty much all it did too. \"You did also help me write the middle part. That's why none of it makes sense with whatever comes next. Well that and the fact that I never were much of a writer if I put it kindly.\" I just had to comment it comment before I kept on speaking it out loud. The word coming by themselves despite how long it was ago since I had read it last. Then sometimes as I lay down I can't relax to fall asleep the dark seems too big, the night seems too long everything's so scary, I can hardly even breathe The poem only had three verses. Maybe just as good that was because when she was little she'd always be falling asleep by the first line of the last part. And so also now, when I finished the poem in almost whisper and heard Taylor's breaths go slower as she fell asleep. An old trick to fall asleep that everybody knows is to count, one sheep, two sheep, three sheep and then that boring counting will finally put me right off to sleep One thing- English is not my first language, so if you see any mistakes with spelling or grammar or stuff then please leave it in a review or send me a PM. It might be just a typo, we all make them. But if not and I really had it wrong- then I'll make sure to get it right next time. Okay? Thank you. Random fact (I leave one of these at the end of every chapter, sometimes more than one on a oneshot like this one) It might seem a bit random that Kris would go home and then come back like she did. But actually, that's exactly what my mum did a couple of years ago when I had my first seizures. And at that moment I was also told by a nurse when I asked if my mum could stay even though I wasn't a minor \"if I was here then I'd like my mum too\" Like Dr. Rilke tells Kris. Mum also told me that my brother agreed, just like Kris tells Taylor Eric did in the story. Seriously, that poem sucks and doesn't make much sense. I'll probably feel ashamed only for putting it up. That's why I put the line that little Taylor would have helped her mum writing it and that Kris never was much of a writer. Somehow I thought it might make me seem a better writer. Because I promise you guys, I have written better poems than that one haha. If someone wants to use that poem however, the same goes as always. Please ask me first, and if I say no- respect that. And if yes, give me credit. Simple as that. Am I the only one that thinks Kris and Dr. Rilke would make a cute couple? At the same time I'm thinking like nooooo… But then at the same time. After the movie, when Taylor's better and healthier… wouldn't they be kind of cute together? \"Sighs and shakes my head\" Fanfiction writers when they're at their best… ","Summary":" It's told from Kris's point of view The title- \"Breathe me\" is the title of Sia's song that is pl"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Breaking Point","Author":"Autistic Writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11761696","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello my loyal fans and newcomers, I am the Autistic Writer here to write a story on one of my favorite TV movies, Cyberbully. At first, I didn't think it would be that good. But, seeing Emily Osment's performance, the whole cyberbullying subject and just seeing the film made me reconsider it to be a great film. Sure, it's no masterpiece, but it didn't need to be. So, we are here to write a story about teen experiencing similar obstacles to what Taylor experienced in the film. So, I am warning you guys when that chapter comes, we will cross that bridge. So let's get this started. This is Breaking Point. Disclaimer: I don't own the rights to Cyberbully. Cyberbully is owned by ABC Family or is it Freeform now? Chapter 1: First Day Thomas didn't want to go inside. He heard therapy was a bad place where people share their feelings. Thomas didn't feel comfortable sharing his thoughts and feelings to a whole bunch of strangers. It was like stripping naked in front of random people. He could have turned back, but his mother accompanied him just to make sure he went through with it. The circumstances he was under, Thomas couldn't afford to ignore it. His parents already paid for it, the least he could do was attend a session. Thomas dragged his feet to the dark depths of the hospital. He felt like a kid again, getting dragged kicking and screaming to a place he didn't want to go. Thomas felt scared as he never experienced a place like this before. He certainly didn't want to go inside. Thomas and his mother stopped at a room. Thomas dreaded going inside, but his mother already opened the door. Inside the room, Thomas saw a selected group of children his age. He sighed as it was impossible for him to leave now. The adult got up from the circle to greet Thomas. \"This must be Thomas, we have heard so much about you,\" \"I'll see you after the session. Call me when it's over.\" Thomas's mother kissed him goodbye before leaving him like the times she left him at daycare. As soon as his mother left, Thomas took his seat to the empty chair that was away from everyone. Others teens took the empty seats that was on Thomas's right and left side. From there the social worker spoke to them with an elegant voice. \"I want to thank everyone for taking time out of their schedules and meet with me here. We all just need for someone to talk to during these…\" Thomas wasn't paying attention to her speech. He wanted to do absolutely anything to get out of this, \"Can I use the bathroom?\" The social worker smiled. She was a teen once to. She knew that Thomas was trying to get out of the meeting, \"Not right now, Thomas. We will have break in an hour. So, just hold it until then,\" Thomas groaned. He didn't want to be here. He saw the others looking around. Some smiled in delight while others gave Thomas a nasty look. \"So, who wants to start first with their story?\" The social worker said. Out of all the things Thomas didn't want to talk about, the social worker had to bring up the recent memory of Thomas. Why did she have to bring that up? \"How about you?\" The social worker pointed her voice at Thomas. If she wouldn't let him use the bathroom, she wasn't worth his time, \"No,\" \"Alright then, we will come to you later.\" The social worker picked on another teen to tell their story. Thomas heard all the stories. One of the girls of the group nervously looked at Thomas. Thomas in turn, avoided to look at her. When she kept staring, Thomas started to get annoyed. \"What?\" He yelled, \"Why do you keep looking at me as if I am some freak?\" The social worker was about to walk over, but the girl nervously answered, \"I'm ready to tell my story.\" Thomas heard her sniffle as she started to share her story. Thomas went from anger to concern. The girl talked about how she had a normal life before the tragic events that led to her rape. Thomas stopped as felt bad for yelling at her. He felt like an idiot for yelling at her. As the hour past, Thomas heard most of the stories coming from the other teens. One was abused. The other slept with many women. One committed violent acts against animals. The list went on as Thomas saw the teens situations was similar to his. Everyone in that room, even the social worker, had something in common. All of them, at one point, tried to kill themselves. Thomas lowered his eyes feeling horrible about not wanting to be here. This place seemed perfect for him to tell his story. Everyone seemed to be worse than he was. He didn't need to use the bathroom, but he wanted to get his story out after the break. When everyone took a break, Thomas walked over to the nervous girl that had been raped. He could tell that he was the first guy she opened herself to in a long time. \"Hey, I wanted to apologize for being rude. I didn't realize your situation.\" Thomas sympathized with her. \"It's alright. Not everyone goes near me after my situation.\" She grabbed a tissue. \"My name is Hilary.\" \"Thomas is my name,\" Thomas was about to offer his hand, but Hilary wouldn't offer her hand. Thomas, understanding the reason, put his hand away. \"Does it get any easier?\" \"Not really. It's really hard to talk to any guys, including my family.\" Hilary felt sadden by that statement. But, it was true. She couldn't talk to any guys. For some reason, talking to Thomas was the exception. The ponytail that was behind him, made him look like a girl. \"Well, I guess it will be my turn to tell my story. I want you to stick around. I think you will understand my reason for being here.\" Thomas went back inside the room after filling up with refreshments. He felt confident on telling his story. Not just to Hilary, but to others as well. Thomas didn't have much to share from his experience, but listening to every one else's stories is what gave Thomas the confident of sharing his story. If he didn't he would miss out on the people who would benefit from it. Before the social worker would call upon someone else, Thomas raised his hand. \"Yes, Thomas.\" \"If it is okay with you and everyone else, I want to tell my story. I know that I haven't shared my story, but I want to share it. Not just for my own benefit, but for others that haven't heard my story. I want people to know about it for the future. If I don't tell my story to everyone here, then I would regret it. It would ease my heart if I told everyone my story and why I am here.\" The social worker knew they had past the point of stories, but Thomas was a special case. She wanted to hear his story. \"Go ahead, Thomas.\" Thomas stood up feeling embarrassed. But, seeing Hilary and the others looking at him gave the confident boost Thomas needed to tell his story. \"Hello everyone,\" Thomas waved before taking a deep breath, \"My name is Thomas.\" \"At first, I didn't want to be here. I thought everyone was a complete loser for being here. I thought that people were making up excuses for their illness, but I want to apologize for not taking this seriously. I understand that despite our circumstances, we are all survivors. Others aren't as fortunate as us, but all it takes is just someone to listen to our cries for help, even if we don't want it.\" \"Before I let the social worker talk, I want to share a story with everyone. This is a story of my life. Well, the story of how I got here in the first place. I feel the need to explain this since it will explain why I deserve to be here with all of you, why my life has gone bad and why I am crying for help.\" Thomas took in a breath. \"It all started a few months ago when I started junior year….\" Okay, we are done for now. This chapter was to be a starter for the story. I know it doesn't hold such promise, but i will promise that it will get better. If not, then there are plenty of other stories, but I wanted to share how everything will unfold in the story. I know Thomas's tale might have been rushed, but I promise you that everything will be made clear when the chapters continue. I also know that i don't really like writing about characters getting raped. I feel horrible for writing it. But, it exists and this probably won't be the last time i will write about a character getting raped. So, i am giving everyone a fair warning. Even though the story doesn't have rape, it will contain some elements that will become unpleasant. I hope you guys can forgive me, and we will see what happens as the story goes on. Anyone has any comments, concerns or questions for me let me know in the comments section. Until then, see you later. ","Summary":" Hello my loyal fans and newcomers, I am the Autistic Writer here to write a story on one of my favo"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Cyberbullying","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13201685","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Today class I'd like you too write about what cyberbullying means to you\" Taylor's teacher told her entire class one day. The entire class groaned including Taylor herself. Just recently Taylor herself was a victim of cyberbullying herself. So she decided to do her paper on other cases of cyberbullying and detail everything that happened including their tragic endings. Cyberbullying My thesis statement states that online bullying how it is a cause to school violence. In addition to its psychologically affects on its victims, like kids, teens, and adults. Plus you may not see the person nor can you see them. They might be someone half ways across the world or maybe even someone right next door. They don't even know how their words affect their victims nor do they care. You don't know even if they are friend or even foe. Sadly the internet connects us all with no end in sight. Phoebe Prince was a happy 15 year old Irish girl, she and her parents to the U.S from County Clare . Phoebe's parents wanted to give their daughter a taste of the American dream. The trouble for Phoebe started at South Hadley High School as a freshmen, basically she wasn't popular enough since she was asked to the winter cotillion which is the big dance of the year by a senior football player. The popular girls thought that she didn't know her place so that's when the harassment started. They had a problem with who she was dating so they sent mean messages through texts, Facebook messages, and even at school too. Then one day as she was walking home from school the popular girls threw a energy drink at her and shouted more insults at her which caused her to go up to her room and hang herself in the closet, where her sisters later found her. Two people have been suspended, and more could be on their way to discipline. Megan Meier was a beautiful young lady with her whole life ahead of her. She was only 13 years old and she suffered from low self- esteem and at the time of her death she was on medication for it. She then one day as many other teens do go on My Space, that's where she meet a boy named Josh Evans. Josh Evans made Megan feel like she was someone who was beautiful, sexy, she had a nice body and hair. But then one day Megan told her mother that Josh was being mean to her, that caused Megan to run up stairs to her room and hang herself with her belt in her bedroom closet where she was later found by her mother. She was barely cling to life, she died on the way to the hospital. It turned out that \"Josh Evans\" profile page never existed, but was created by Lori Drew. She did it because she wanted to see what Megan was saying about her daughter. So far there have been no convictions in the case. Ryan Halligan was born in Poughkeepsie,New York, then he moved to Essex Junction, Vermont. Where he attended elementary school then later middle school that's when he began to get bullied. He never told his family about it. But one Christmas he told his father he wanted a Taebo Kick Boxing set to fight off the bully. But one day Ryan came home and told his family, he made peace with the bully. Then Ryan and the bully began to become close, so close in fact that the bully started spreading rumors about him meaning Ryan of being gay. All because of the stomach pains he was having at the time. This all took place after the end of his 7th grade year. Over the summer Ryan was getting cyberbullied by his classmates thinking he was gay, he didn't tell his parents about this either. But after his older sister found him hanging in the bathroom, he was only 13 years old. Ryan's father found all the messages that he got from his classmates and the bully. Ryan's father also found out that in his yearbooks that the bully crowd and the bully, was scribbled out. Ryan's parents also found a very crude drawing with a boy with a noose around his neck. There was no convictions in this case. He was also bullied because of a learning disorder. Amanda Cummings was 15 years old, when she died from a suicide attempt. The injuries she got from jumping in front of a city bus. Amanda attended a high school in Staten Island. Where she was bullied by her peers because of a relationship she had with a 19 year old boy. When Amanda died she left tell tale signs on her computer. They were cryptic messages that showed that she was thinking about suicide or to put it in simpler terms die. It also showed that she was being distressed or at the end of her rope. On a Facebook page made in honor to remember Amanda, family and friends could post anything to remember Amanda all the good times. As a result what showed up on Amanda's Facebook page was photoshopped images, sayings, videos, and even some pornography to mock the teens death. The page on Facebook belonging to Amanda was attacked by an anonymous group, I would simply call them hackers. The big name for these types of hackers are called \"Internet Trolls.\" At the time of the incident Amanda was carrying a suicide note. There has been no convictions in this case. Cyberbullying is a horrible thing,they basically attack anyone who is different then themselves. As the case of the Rutgers suicide, in New Brunswick New Jersey. That caused Tyler Clementi to jump off the George Washington Bridge, all because of a gay rumor. Dharun Ravi set a webcam up to catch Tyler with his male counterpart. After he did he sent numerous text messages to his friends. Dharun's friends in turn told their friends and everyone else including themselves. To watch the webcam video of Tyler Clementi and his male counterpart together. That's when Tyler's peers began to tease him about beinging gay, which was all true. But what was really mysterious was that his parents never knew he was gay, they found that out after he died. Original there was no convictions, but there has been a development Dharun Ravi has been convicted. He will spend 10 years in jail, and then be deported back to India. Resonantly as of now there have been a lot of Cyberbullying movies such as Girl Fight, Cyberbullying, and the Odd Girl, just to name a few. The movie called believe it or not Cyberbullying. The movies main character Taylor Hillridge played by Emily Osment. Taylor handled it by not talking to her friends and family, basically withdrawing from everyone. The situation Taylor was in before the cyberbullying started. Taylor is a good kid she is 17 years old, and is dealing with her parents recent divorce. She also knows about how low her popularity status in High School. Taylor's mother gives her a computer for birthday. Taylor joins a popular social site to make new friends. But instead that's when she became a victim to cyberbullying and also betrayal. As Taylor begins to withdraw from her friends and family. Unable to face her peers at school, she is pushed to the breaking point. That is until she finds out that there are other people who went through the same thing, beginning bullied online. Taylor's mom reacted by taking on the school system, and even the state legislation to try and help other people. So they won't have to go through the same thing her daughter did. The main character in Odd Girl Vanessa Snyder is a looked up to looked upon 8th grader, played by Alexa Vega. She handled it by at the end of the movie when Stacy tried to hug Vanessa in front of the entire eighth grade. Before they are about to fight, Vanessa pushes Stacy away by saying to her \"You have nothing that I want.\" Stacy and her friends were spreading nasty rumors about and a lot of lies, the clique accused Vanessa of \"back stabbing\" Stacy. Which to begin with was not true. Vanessa was in the popular clique with Stacy and her friends. This was the situation before the bullying started. After Vanessa shows her mother that \"her friends\" said about her hair. Vanessa's mother tries to talk to the principal, but no luck. She even tries talking to Stacy's mother Denise, but that only puts a more strain on Vanessa and Stacy's friendship. When Vanessa's mother Barbara finds some instant messages from the website the bullies made up about her who were tormenting Vanessa. Barbara sends them to the principal, as a result the culprits are as follows Nikki,Tiffany, and Ezra. Ezra is another girl who befriends Vanessa at the hospital. The principal said that if the culprits deny that they bullied Vanessa. That they would be expelled from school and not graduate. Vanessa told Stacy that \"She has nothing that she wanted.\" Stacy stood there shocked as Vanessa began to move on in her life. The movie on Lifetime Girl Fight is a true story about Victoria Lindsay. Who was beaten up by classmates for 30 minutes at a sleepover. For guess what just to make a YouTube video. What was shown in the movie is basically mild, and nothing compared to what really happened. The movie \"Girl Fight\" and what happened to Victoria \"Tori\" Lindsay is almost exactly the same. Except for the people who exactly bullied her in real life, compared to in the movie. The main character in the movie is Haley played by Jodelle Ferland. Haley handled it by not seeking revenge. In the movie the situation that Haley was an outsider, accepted into a popular group. Haley's situation before the bullying began is exactly the same situation that the real Victoria Lindsay was in, she got lured into the popular crowd. Haley and Victoria reacted by taking their so called \"friends\" to court,to face them and get some sort of justice. There you have it cyberbullying is simply no good. What is mind boggling to me is why do they do it, what do the tormentors get out of it. It makes them feel power, but the end result is as always young lives are lost. Some just end up dead and some are still alive. The victims of cyberbullying could change the world, but they were never given that chance. That's why cyberbullying is not acceptable. ","Summary":" \"Today class I'd like you too write about what cyberbullying means to you\" Taylor's teacher told "},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"13 Adrail Road","Author":"OliSlack","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12452456","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lucy and Mick... Just a cute couple: youknow, Netflix and chill from time to time. After all, they were 36 and were in love since Mick was 27 yeas old. They went out on dates very often: once they went to McDonalds and now they're going to the Slug and the Lettuce. It's true love and something very important about love is: any age, any gender, anyone. The strongest forces is not gravity or non of this illuminati magnet voodoo stuff; but love. Jerry on the other hand is not the most wanted criminal by the police: mainly because he hasn't been caught making him the best hacker alive; but not the best hacker becauseno one knows about him. He had his Linux computer sat right in frontof him at all times. This was an unexpectedevent when he had occurred a DDOS attack on the Microsoft Xbox Live servers. No body could stop him; no body. 'Hey Lucy Nolan...How'd you do!?' was exactly what Lucy got. 'Should I come over; you know 13 Adrail Road, your house. You probably don't know me but I know you. 316,274 followers in Instagram and 143,936 followers on Twitter. You used to go to Greenwich University to study graphic designs. I know you very well, more than Mick: but don't worry about Mick, he'll be gone soon.' 'Who is this!? Please stop contacting me and delet all the information you have on me or I'll call the police' 3 Days Later An unexpected pizza arrived at her house with a heart drawn by pepperonis and a card saying: 'I love you Lucy. By the way, you can call me Jerry.' Poor Lucy... She ended up jumping off her balcony and stabbed her head through fence. Sh just had to commit suicide instead of something else like contacting police. Jerry still isn't found and may never be found but one thing that might happen is, he might come for you! ","Summary":" Lucy and Mick... Just a cute couple: youknow, Netflix and chill from time to time. After all, they "},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Kissing Her Scars (Part 2)","Author":"BeyondFromHere","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11363384","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Caleb knew me. I mean, he really understood me. He knew what I was all about and he didn't judge me at all. He had to be the kindest guy there was. At least he was to me. I couldn't believe I met someone as kind hearted as him. How did I get so... lucky? Everything was finally turning around for me, ever since I met Caleb. He was my best friend. He could actually be even more than that. Caleb was very supportive of me and the best thing that could ever happen to me. Two months had past after leaving the mental ward and meeting Caleb. I had successfully quit cutting after leaving the mental ward and meeting Caleb. It was a miracle for me. My cuts were just tiny scars that were just faint reminders of the past. One of the main reasons I probably quit cutting though was that I hadn't returned back to public school yet. My school had approved me for some online classes until I was able to finish out the rest of my last school year and graduate. Everything really did seem great though, until the day I had to return to school. My parents had a meeting with the school recently and they agreed that it was time for me to return, so I did. My first day back to school in two months was a little overwhelming, but the first class went fine, until it was between classes and my ex-friend came up and asked me where I was for the past two months. I didn't know how to answer and before I could say anything, she continued to say that everyone knows where I actually was. I got really scared and she said that everyone knew that my foster parents had to kick me out of my home temporarily, since they didn't want me either, like my birth parents. Then she continued to say that she feels for me, but people didn't know whether I was pregnant or just doing drugs. She asked me what it was and I just stared at her in disbelief. She just shrugged and began to walk away. I just took off running out of that school. I knew I just ditched the rest of my classes for that day, but I didn't really care. I was scared and torn. I ran all the way home, since the school was walking distance from my home. Luckily my parents were gone until about ten at night on business, so that they didn't know I just ditched my classes. I ran into my bedroom and cried into my pillow. I then went to do something that I knew I'd regret doing later, but right now I just didn't care. I grabbed a small, sharp knife out of the kitchen drawer and proceeded to the family restroom. I started to do what I told myself I'd never do again. I started to gently cut myself on the wrist and watched the blood slowly drip from my wrist. I then suddenly heard someone tell me not to cut myself. I freaked out and turned around to see Caleb. Caleb looked horrified. \"What do you think you're doing here?\" I screamed at him, continuing to scream, \"I didn't invite you in!\" \"I'm sorry!\" Caleb stuttered, continuing to say, \"I saw you crying and running at the same time. I was really worried.\" \"That doesn't give you any right to follow me in my home, \" I told him. \"I know. I'm sorry!\" Caleb said, continuing, \"I was scared. I panicked!\" \"I was scared too,\" I said. \"I know!\" Caleb replied, grabbing some paper towels, asking to see my wrists. I held out my wrists and he gently dabbed at them with the paper towels to stop the bleeding. Once the bleeding stopped, he just stared at my wrists and frowned. I quickly pulled my wrists away from him. He walked me to my bedroom and we sat down on my bed, beginning to talk. \"How? Why?\" Caleb asked. \"I had a bad day at school,\" I told Caleb. \"That gives you a right to cut yourself?\" Caleb asked. \"Well, it's my body,\" I began to tell him, when he interrupted. \"That's not good enough. You could seriously hurt yourself one day and then what would I do then?\" Caleb asked. \"I'm sorry!\" I replied. \"It's okay, but you need to stop cutting,\" Caleb said. \"Actually, these people need to stop harassing me at school,\" I said. \"Well, turn them in. Tell someone what they do to you, but never ever cut yourself. I mean it,\" Caleb said. I just continued to frown. \"Give me your wrist again please!\" Caleb said. \"What? Is it going to hurt?\" I asked. \"Do you really think I'd try to hurt you? I love you!\" Caleb said, with the most serious face I'd ever saw on him before. \"Oh! I love you too!\" I stuttered. \"I always assumed you did,\" Caleb said, as I gave him my wrist. Caleb gently lifted my wrists close to his face and before I knew it, I looked away wincing as Caleb gently started kissing the scars on my wrists. He kept gently kissing up and down both of my arms and didn't stop for about five whole minutes. When he finally stopped, I said, \"What was that for?\" Caleb replied, \"It was for you to know how much I love you and that you don't deserve to ever feel pain created by yourself or anyone for that matter. You're a beautiful person inside and out. You need to know this and believe it. Thank you for existing!\" I didn't know how to reply to that. All I could do was thank him. He then reached up and kissed me on my forehead as I closed my eyes. \"Do you feel better?\" Caleb then asked. \"Yeah! Actually, I do!\" I said, not sure what else to say. I was just very overwhelmed to all that had happened. \"This may sound silly, but are we dating then? I never figured that out,\" I said, feeling awkward for asking. \"If you would honor me by being my girlfriend, I would be okay with that,\" Caleb said. Caleb then put his arm around my waist and we just sat there in silence for a little bit. Caleb kissed me on my head and then I reached over and hugged him as he hugged me back. The next day at school, I brought a printed copy of all the mean comments addressed to me and showed my principal. He talked to all of those students and they were eventually suspended from school. School went well ever since and before I knew it I was graduating high school. I was at my graduation and I looked over and saw my parents with Caleb in the audience. They all seemed so... proud of me. I never did end up cutting again, since Caleb kissed my scars. I also seemed to of gained more confidence in myself. I didn't completely love myself, but it was a work in progress. When my name was called in the graduation, Caleb and my parents started cheering and I looked over at them and smiled as they took my picture. My principal handed me my diploma and I couldn't of felt happier. If only everyone could feel this happy as I did in that moment. I then realized life isn't about how bad you struggle. It's about the life after the struggle. It's about learning from your mistakes and becoming a better person. It goes to show you that there's always hope. After all, a rainbow can't shine without a little rain. ","Summary":" Caleb knew me. I mean, he really understood me. He knew what I was all about and he didn't judge me"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Brent-Wood","Author":"anniehartmann","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9145093","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Brent-Wood By: Annie Hartmann Plot: Fourteen year old Quincy Adams is abused by her family. She's also a loner and the weird chick at school. When she thinks noone understands, new boy James comes to town. ","Summary":" Brent-Wood By: Annie Hartmann Plot: Fourteen year old Quincy Adams is abused by her family. She's a"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"A Cyberbully Poem","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13191395","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Cyberbully Poem You may not see me Nor can I see you We may be worlds apart or right next door But do realize how your words hurt Despite if you are my friend or foe Sadly the internet connects us all ","Summary":" A Cyberbully Poem You may not see me Nor can I see you We may be worlds apart or right next door Bu"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Give me a reason","Author":"Halia Stone","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9124347","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (A/N) Hi guys, this is just a little one shot about the scene where Taylor posts the video, and Samantha and her mum come in and stop her from OD'ing. This scene was really touching, and triggering for me, but I feel like such an emotionless freak because I've watched the movie more than ten times, and I've never cried once, and I wrote this while listening to Badass, by Saliva. :-/ I don't own any of the dialogue used from the movie, and the scene is set from when Taylor watches that video about her. Oh, and if anyone's confused, I'm British, so I've spelt \"mom\" mum, but I've kept the \"bucks\" thing from the video, because \"quid\" didn't seem to fit right. I tried it, and it seemed strange. Reviews would be nice, and enjoy the story. NOTE: All the comments about Taylor which I'd put in are completely fictional and not my opinion of her at all. I think she was a lovely girl in the movie - with room for improvement but everyone could use it, right? - and I think Emily Osment did a great job playing her. . . . \" I'm so tired of being here, supressed by all my childish fears .\" - My Immortal by Evanescence. ~ooOOoo~ Taylor stood frozen on the spot, tearing blurring her vision and no doubt stoking the fiery taunts of her peers. She was truly alone now. Cheyenne had left her because she couldn't handle being called names for being associated with her, Samantha had left because she was too worried about what Scott thought about what was being said about her on her Clicksters page and Scott had left her because he said his Mum was making him take Marnie Fox to the Spring Fling. The warning bell to get to class rung, and Taylor turned on her heel and made a beeline for the bathroom, ignoring Scott's call of her name. She kept her eyes on the tiled ground, knowing everyone's eyes were on her as she scrubbed the tears out of her own. It was no good, they were burning too intensely, and the metaphorical cuts that she had received were stinging and on the verge of bleeding again. She pushed open the bathroom door, and found herself looking at eight pairs of blurry shoes. Taylor steeled herself to look up, wiping her eyes again. She was confronted with Lindsay, and a gang of other girls, some leaning casually against the sinks, and the others were stood against a toilet cubicle. Taylor recognised some of them from when Lindsay had called her, Samantha and Cheyenne the 'Skank Patrol', but Taylor guessed none of them were really her friends, except the dark-skinned girl with the shiny black hair and the large hoop earrings. Becca? Taylor had heard Lindsay call her that once. The rest were just taggers-on who wanted to get in on the action, and make Taylor feel small. \"Aww, she's crying,\" Lindsay mocked her. Taylor blinked furiously, feeling rage bubble up inside her. The desire to strike at Lindsay's flawless face and bruise it was overwhelming, but there were seven other girls with her. She was outnumbered. Taylor nibbled on her lower lip to quell her rage. \"She must have seen the video.\" \"Everyone's seen it,\" Becca - probably the only genuine friend out of the whole group - cut in with a sickening flash of her white teeth. Taylor's mind was reeling: Had somebody made a video about her? She didn't need to be a genius that Lindsay was the mastermind behind it, she also suspected her for creating the fake James profile, but she had no proof of either of them. \"Five-hundred views last time I checked,\" the dark-skinned girl's voice shook Taylor back to attention. Her stomach was doing non-stop backflips. Five hundred views ? For a moment she felt like she would burst from all the tears she'd been holding in. She dared to let a few slip, but nobody gave her a second glance. \"You guys have all seen it, right?\" Lindsay asked in her sickeningly perfect voice, giving everyone a cursory glance before her forest green eyes locked with Taylor's red and swollen ones. She really was nothing compared to all these girls, they were the flawless group, while Taylor was at the bottom of the pile. She never had been before, but she had been degraded. \"Hysterical,\" Lindsay's giggle and many others snapped her out of her thoughts. Taylor finally found the courage to speak, all the girls' eyes on her, \"What video?\" her voice had meant to sound like a demand, but it was only a pathetic wisp of a thing. Like you, her mind taunted her, Should have listened to your mother, and shut your account down, but you didn't listen. She stood there silently, watching Lindsay twirl a thick strand of shiny brown hair between her index fingers. The bell rang for lesson rang before she could weakly demand another answer. Lindsay slinked up to her, a gleeful smile on her face, and for a moment Taylor thought she was going to get hit, but the other girl merely bypassed her, walking around her to leave the bathroom. \"Just wait until you see it,\" were Lindsay's final words to her before she disappeared out of the bathroom in a rustle of darkened green silk. Her 'friends' followed her out, all laughing, all making sure to give Taylor derogatory looks, and titter about her. The sound of their shoes and modern laughter died away, and Taylor let out a yell of frustration that she had been holding in for weeks. She strode over to the sink, grabbing a paper towel to scrub at her eyes with. Once it came away, she was left staring at a girl who she didn't recognise as herself. Her eyes were red and swollen, her face was streaked with dirty tears, and her lower lip was flawed by tiny bite marks. Taylor had been broken, she was no longer Taylor Hillridge, the eccentric girl with a secret passion for writing, she was a nobody, completely alone. She was done . Taylor let out an anguished sob she hadn't realised she'd been trapping in her body, and her tears poured forth from her eyes. She sobbed into her hands, not caring if anyone came and found her. She was sick of being treated like this, like she was nothing - a worthless slut who would sleep with any man she made eye contact with. Not bothering to wipe her tears this time, she turned away from the reflection of the empty shell she now was, and walked out of the bathroom. Instead of turning left for her History classroom, she turned in the opposite direction. Taylor walked down the hallway, heading towards the school's exit. Nobody cared about her, nobody was going to miss her in this place. She reached the double doors, her hand frozen on the bar. She scanned behind her to check that no-one was coming, and impulsively, like something was driving her, pushed on the bar. The door swung open at her push, and she walked out into the car park, breaking free of the chains the school bound her in. The route home seemed a lot further away than usual, probably because she usually had Samantha driving her. Samantha . Taylor thought with a pang of regret. If she hadn't been so concerned about Scott's opinion of her, would she still be standing by her? And if they hadn't been in the bathroom that precise minute Lindsay came in and made a jabbing comment about the three of them, would Cheyenne still be with her? Would any of this be happening? It seemed like forever until she reached her house. Taylor froze outside the front door, remembering Eric was still home. Her brother's name suddenly turned into venomous poison in her mind. All this had started because of his idea of a joke, but she couldn't bring herself to be mad at him. He'd only changed her status, it was everyone else who were commenting about her. Taylor's mind immediately flashed back to the day in History when Caleb had tried to offer her some comfort, and she'd said that his torment was true. She resisted the urge to put her hand up to her mouth in shock, had she really been that shallow? She should have said something, she knew that now. But it was too late, the damage had been done to her. Shutting down her account now wouldn't do the slightest bit of good, all because of the comments, and especially the one 'James' had posted about her saying she gave him an STD. How could someone she'd never met say something like that about her? And what was his reason? They had been IM'ing back and forth for a few days, and the tone of the messages had been the same. Nice, light, and with the occasional flirt from either of them, until it all turned sour. Taylor swallowed suddenly, feeling all the blood drain out of her face, and a chill sweep through her body. She still had that video to contend with. She peeked into the kitchen through the large bay window, and saw the back of Eric's head from the living room sofa as he played on one of his favourite video games. His headset was on, so Taylor prayed that he wouldn't hear her. She curled her hand around the doorknob, and gave it a twist, freezing automatically as she heard the click. She gave it a few seconds, and Eric made no indication from inside the house that he'd heard it. Taylor pushed it open, walking inside, shutting it silently. She stood where she was in the kitchen, feeling her bottom lip quiver and a fresh wave of tears burned at the corners of her eyes, forming a large lump in her throat. She glanced up to the stairs, and then back to Eric, who was oblivious to her presence. She made her way up them, knowing that she wouldn't come down them ever again, and the last memory her brother would have of her, was her telling him she'd never forgive him. Taylor crept across the landing, opening the door to her room, closing it again so Eric wouldn't hear her if he took his headset off. She walked over to her desk, resting both palms on the sleek wood as her feet worked at getting her shoes off. Feeling her toes slip out of them, she grabbed her laptop by the sides, and brought it to her bed. She opened the lid, and loaded up the internet. She hovered the cursor over the bookmark she'd made for Clicksters, before she tapped on the mouse pad. The page loaded up, and she anxiously gnawed at her lower lip. Why was she doing this? Why make it worse? Taylor sniffed as a tear trailed down her cheek, and she scrolled down her page. Her eyes scanned the various comments, new ones that she hadn't seen. For reasons she couldn't even comprehend herself, she began to read them. Robert Fisher: FREAK! Susan Potterson: I HATE TAYLOR HILLRIDGE! People say she is normal like us. NO! She is the most ugliest thing i have ever seen! She doesn't deserve to be called a human.. more like a creature that crawled out of a sewer! Well, that would explain the smell... Mark Torriduke: Whore, slut, skank and prostitute, those are the words used to describe Taylor Hillridge, who is a complete and utter disgrace to the human race. Danielle Ortuva: U give me diarrhea, Taylor. Honestly, y would u want 2 throw urself at guys hu r waaaaaaaaaay out of ur league!? Cody Walterson: Why I hate Taylor Hillridge: - She has 00000000000000 friends - She always wants to be the center of attention - She has a spacticated face - She is a nasty slut. Helen Porters: TAYLOR SHOULD BE SHOT IN THE HEAD RIGHT THROUGH THE BRAIN WITH A SNIPER RIFLE UNTIL SHE IS DEAD ON THE GROUND WITH A HOLE IN HER GOD DAM HEAD! THAT'S ALL I HAVE TO SAY. Susan Potterson: I always knew you were a disgusting skank. Go and die. Diane McAnderson: Just kill urself already, no1 likes u Malcolm Pierce: Go and crawl back to whatever hole you came from! Lindsay Fordyce: prostitute. CJ Hunter: It's bring ur animal to skool day 2day, I've got a leash if you wanna come with. Logan Reed: The skool shud get u quarantined. Hu no's how many STD's u have. Taylor heard a few tears spill over her eyes and crash onto the keyboard. She hated how this was happening to her . She never thought it would, she'd never been mean to anyone, and if she didn't like anyone she just stayed out of their way, except for Lindsay who had established a rivalry with her for reasons nobody knew. She gritted her teeth, and finally reached the video, it had another comment. Lindsay Fordyce: Enjoy the video Taylor Whore-ridge. She clicked on the play button, and waited for the video to load up, biting nervously at one of her fingernails. The video flashed on, and it didn't seem like anything special. It was filmed with a tacky camera, and there was a guy walking around with a paper bag over his head. A girl then came into the frame - Taylor guessed it was Lindsay, she had told her about the video - wearing a cardboard cut out of Taylor's head. She was also wearing a skin-tight blue thing which barely covered the upper part of her thighs, a pink jacket, and there was also a large ball placed under the shirt, to indicate Taylor was pregnant. Lindsay skipped up the the boy with the paper bag on his head, and he turned around. Taylor was disgusted, was this how people saw her? All because of something a stranger had said about her on the internet? Not that it mattered, she wouldn't see the sun tomorrow. \" I'm Taylor Hillridge, wanna have a good time? \" Lindsay sang to the camera, flaunting her arms up in the air, \" five bucks, all it takes, \" she circled her hips around, and got closer to the boy. He reeled back and waved his hand over his nose. \" You smell like a bit of a sewer, \" he commented in an affected voice, pushing Lindsay away from him, \"y ou ever take a shower? \" \" How about two bucks? \" Lindsay's tone changed, and sounded desperate. Taylor shuddered in abhorrence. They were making her out to be a desperate prostitute. More tears spilled onto her keyboard, but she was frozen in place, unable to move. \" Or one? Fifty cents? Or how about I pay you to show me a good time? \" Lindsay continued, frantically grabbing onto the boy's arm like she was drowning. \" Urgh, gross, \" he pushed her away, and bolted towards a forest behind them. The camera zoomed in, and Taylor saw Lindsay's eyes behind the mask of her Clickster's photo. They held true mockery, and Taylor wanted to throw up, but nothing would come. \" I act like I'm the most holy and pure thing at school, but really I'm the dirtiest, little, whore , \" Lindsay chuckled. Taylor could finally move, a short jerking motion of her arm which slammed her laptop shut. She collapsed on her bed, laying on her side. She grabbed her pillow, and began sobbing aimlessly into it. She felt so dirty, so violated , and all this had started because she refused to shut down her account. Taylor sat up, throwing the pillow towards her window, it harmlessly bounced off and landed on the floor. She wasn't going to be around much longer. She knew it was the only way to end all this, end the torment she didn't deserve. She thought back to her mum, and how rude she'd been towards her about taking her laptop away. Taylor now knew that she had been doing it for her own safety. Her mum's face then materialised in her mind, tear streaked and sobbing as she cradled her dead body on the floor, stroking her hair and praying she'd come back. Taylor broke herself out of her mind, she wanted this to end , and if it meant ending her life, then so be it. She opened her laptop, hoping she hadn't broken her screen from slamming it down, and clicked on the webcam icon on her desktop. She set it on her desk, and rounded her position on her bed so she was looking directly at the small camera. She took a deep breath, and let the camera record her silence for a few seconds, letting her peers know just how much they had effected her, what they had reduced her to. I'm the real Taylor Hillridge,\" she whispered, tears lacing her voice and the lump in her throat quietening it. \"And I don't know why everybody hates me so much, but, maybe I do,\" Taylor continued, rubbing under her eyes and sniffing loudly. She truly didn't know why everyone hated her so much, or Lindsay for that matter. She had said something in Health class, but it was like she'd told Samantha and Cheyenne, it was a class discussion that she was participating in, \"because now I hate me too,\" she croaked, coughing to clear her throat before she went on. \"And right now, I really don't see the reason for trying, or for talking, or for breathing, \" Taylor dropped the truth bombs, feeling her stomach sink. It sounded worse when she said it out loud, \"I'm just done.\" \"So that's it I guess,\" she managed a weak smile towards the camera, and gave a small wave, \"bye.\" Fighting the tears, Taylor crossed the room, and pressed the stop button on the webcam. She saved the file, and opened Clicksters back up, simultaneously wondering how she could do this through all her tears. She clicked on the video posts on her profile, and bypassed Lindsay's one. She uploaded the file of her speaking to the webcam, her body shaking uncontrollably. She clicked the post button. Taylor tore away from her laptop, thinking about the millions of people who could now see it. ' Taylor once you put something online it's no longer private and everyone can see it, ' her mum's reprimanding voice echoed in her brain. She stared out the window, burning holes into the empty driveway below. Soon her mum would be home, soon she would be finding her dead body... She knocked a few things off her vanity mirror in frustration. How had her life taken this turn? She used to always think she was mentally strong, but her peer group and a few posts on a page which she knew she should have shut down, had broken her down in a few weeks. Taylor thought about Eric changing her status, and wondered if the situation would have been any different if 'James' hadn't posted about sleeping with her. All the tears flowed from her eyes, and Taylor thought she couldn't cry anymore, but a few always managed to slip out. She walked over to her bed, rocking back and forth as she leaned on the bed rail. Her phone began to ring, but she ignored it. She wondered who it was on the other end, maybe her Dad had finally gotten the message she'd left him. But she didn't count on it. As her phone continued to ring, she entered a zombie-like state, feeling numb, all her inner rage and torment trapped within her. Taylor got up and walked towards the bathroom, heading for the cabinet above the sink. She reached up and pulled the cupboard open, rummaging through the various medicines, choosing the one which would end her life. She selected a bottle of Prozac. This was it. Her fingers were shaking uncontrollably as she curled them around the Prozac. It was truly overwhelming to think that the whole bottle of the little capsules could end her life and solve her problems. It sounded absurd to think about it, but Taylor remembered her Health teacher lecturing them about drug use after a student, a boy named Tyler Monroe, was arrested on possession of Cannabis, Cocaine and Heroin. Taylor broke her reverie, and gave the cap a firm tug, but it wouldn't budge. She thought about the millions of people who would be watching her video and laughing at her, cackling away like a pack of hyena's. She was almost laughing herself - she was so pathetic that she couldn't even end her own life without there being a bump in the road. Her hands were aching considerably, they were pooling with blood underneath her skin, turning them a bright shade of red. She heard a door open and shut. Her Mum wasn't supposed to be back yet! Her breathing began getting heavier, more irregular and desperate as she tried to yank the cap off. She was fighting yet another losing battle. Why couldn't she just die? Why did life have to make everything so incredibly difficult for her? \"Taylor!\" A female voice called, and Taylor froze. It wasn't her mum, it was Samantha. She'd came back, but with a stinging pang of regret, Taylor knew it was too late. \"Taylor! Taylor!\" Samantha called again. Taylor gave a frustrated grunt as her hands began to seize up. \"Where's Taylor?\" she heard Samantha ask, her voice riddled with urgency. \"How should I know?\" Taylor heard Eric's voice, and began to sob again, hearing the oblivion in his voice. He had no idea. No idea about what was going on a few feet above him in the bathroom, no idea that she forgave him for changing her Clicksters status, and no idea that she really did love him and he was a fantastic little brother to have, despite their arguments. \"I'm grounded,\" the silence after his answer gave way to Samantha's footsteps. She did care about her. \"Taylor! Taylor! Taylor!\" Samantha's yells of her name became desperate as she ran up the stairs. Chills started to ensnare every single nerve-ending inside Taylor's body as she heard Samantha's footsteps getting closer and closer to her. She didn't want to be saved, she just wanted everything over with, even if it meant stopping her own heart. \"Taylor!\" \"Taylor...?\" Samantha's call sounded hesitant, and much closer. Taylor struggled aimlessly with the cap, letting out a wheeze of exhaustion. She halted in her hastened efforts as she saw Samantha standing in the doorway, her pale face tear-streaked and her lower lip quivering. It felt too surreal, to see her standing there. \"I can't get the cap off!\" Taylor let out a yell of sheer frustration and rage, violently jerking the cap, her fingers feeling like iron. As quick as a whip, she saw Samantha's body a few inches from her own as she leapt for her, one hand grabbing the Prozac, and the other wrapped around Taylor's wrist. \"No!\" she screeched, no doubt deafening anyone within miles of the house. Samantha refused to let go, and tugged on the cap, but Taylor's grip held firm, and she was forced to her feet. Blood pumped viciously in her ears, drowning out her own cries as they mixed with Samantha's pleas for her to stop. Two pairs of rapid footsteps - no doubt her mum and Eric - thundered up the stairs, and sirens blared outside the open window. Taylor suddenly felt a huge weight on her shoulders, as if the impact and reality of what she was trying to do was crushing her, forcing her into the Earth. The serenade of mixed cries coming from both her and Samantha suddenly flared up in her ears like a button was pressed, and the bottle of Prozac slipped from her hands, smashing to the ground. Hundreds of thousands of the tiny capsules scattered across the ground. \"What did you do?!\" Taylor yelled at Samantha, advancing on her with a mixture of rage and sadness bubbling away inside her. The brown-haired girl landed onto another basket, and began sobbing harder. \"Sit down Samantha. I've got this,\" her mum's voice came into focus, and Taylor saw a flurry of blonde hair through her blurred vision. As she heard the paramedics talking, her legs gave out completely and her weight dropped her to the ground as there was nothing supporting it. Her mum's hands carefully latched onto her shoulders. \"It's okay, I've got you,\" her mum's arms formed a cradle around her, rocking her backwards and forwards as she continued to cry, like she was a never-ending spell of rain. The people at school would have a field day if or when they heard about this. She screamed in anguish into her mum's chest, nuzzling into the safe-haven her arms created for her. \"Baby...\" her mum stroked her hair whilst she continued to scream. Taylor looked up, and saw Eric stood in the doorway, his eyes swimming with shock and horror. She felt a rock deep within her stomach. If she hadn't posted that video and alerted Samantha, or if she had been able to get the cap off the Prozac bottle, Eric could have been the one to find her dead, and he would be forever scarred by the image of her lying lifeless on the floor like a doll, and haunted by the guilt which would rage inside him like a wildfire. \"Please,\" she heard Samantha whisper, her hands clasped together. She sounded like she was wracked with guilt, but other than distancing herself from Taylor for a while, what had she really done that was so bad? \"I wanna die, no,\" Taylor rapidly gasped for breath, suddenly debating whether she would be able to snatch a few pills from the floor without her Mum or Samantha apprehending her, \"I wanna die...\" And no words that true had ever left her lips before, not once in her lifetime. ~ooOOoo~ (A/N) Okay-dokey, so what did you guys all think? I hope you actually do review, because I did work really hard on this (that's why it's so long - LOL). Alright, bye guys! :-) ","Summary":" (A/N) Hi guys, this is just a little one shot about the scene where Taylor posts the video, and Sam"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Cyberbully","Author":"Wisdomforadaughter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10327454","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi guys! New story. I did make up the plot and characters. Hope you guys like it! Love ya guys. Always is going to be in the main character's POV Lisa-main character-Brown eyes and blond hair-victim Ella-younger sister of main character-Blue eyes and blond hair Jenny-perpetrator-Blue eyes and blond hair Lucas-main character's crush-green eyes and brown hair Mason-main characters best friend-brown eyes and brown hair On to the story Lisa's POV It was the first day of high school and I was nervous like hell. I was bullied all through middle school. My mom left my dad,My sister,and I when I was 8 and my sister was 4. My dad got remarried when I was 10. My step mother calls my sister and I useless,brats,and would hit when we talked back. My dad,of course,saw nothing. A girl,her name is Jenny, bullied me because I wasn't as 'beautiful and popular' as her. Her opinion of beautiful is ton of make up. Her and her posse bullied me so much I started to become depressed. I would come home from school and cut myself. I wouldn't eatand if I did,I would make myself puke right away. All summer I stayed at a treatment place. I have no idea how this year is going to be until I heard her.''Hi,fatty.''Jenny mocked. Now I'm determined this year is going to be bad. ","Summary":" Hi guys! New story. I did make up the plot and characters. Hope you guys like it! Love ya guys. Alw"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"She Will Be Loved (Part 1)","Author":"BeyondFromHere","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11363377","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Having suicidal thoughts is nothing to joke about, especially when you end up in the mental ward of a hospital. It all started one day of high school on a very cold day of October. Everything seemed fine. The day went on like usual. Just me feeling dreary and lonely! Eventually I was walking alone in a winding hallway, when one of the students just stood there staring at me, giving me a weird look. That shouldn't of set me off, until someone else started whispering to that student. From that moment it was talk among talk and glare among glare. I just tried to ignore them all. I went home that night and decided to check my social media accounts. I found an especially interesting status about me by accident. I found out that people were typing about me, sharing that I was adopted. Everyone was finding out that I was adopted, but they were also saying that they could see why my birth parents wouldn't want me. They continued to say that it was a miracle that someone actually wanted me. Someone even commented that they bet that I was really cheap to of actually got adopted. I got bullied all the time in school, but this was the absolute worse. I only told one person that I was adopted that I thought was my friend, but now I had no friends that I knew of. I could of had it a lot worse I realize, but day after day, having years of bullying and harassment in the past, taking pill after pill for anxiety and depression, seeing counselor after counselor, making appointments with Psychiatrist after Psychiatrist, and having all these current and old scars on my wrists, I just couldn't take it anymore. I wanted a way out. I wanted a way out of the world. I wanted a way out of this life. My family was great. Well, my foster family was anyways. I was put up for adoption, since I was a baby as far as I know. I was an only child all my life. I struggled for years trying to find a foster family growing up, so my childhood wasn't something I wanted to remember though. My name's Kira. Currently, I'm eighteen years old. I'm almost done with my senior year of high school. My school's okay. Well, my school staff is anyways. They seem to care somewhat. It's just the students. I don't make friends easily and the friends I were able to make betrayed me, so I feel alone at school, but at least my grades are good I guess. For some reason, I never seem to feel beautiful. I can look in a mirror all I want and tell myself good things, but I couldn't get myself to believe them. Hopefully this will change eventually. All I was ever taught is to make others feel beautiful. I just wanted world peace, but like that will ever happen. I just had to treat others with as much kindness as I could offer, no matter what they did to me. All I've ever wanted is to be known as a great person, but no matter how nice I was to people, no one ever wanted to pay attention to it. This day in particular was one of the worst days of my life. When I got home from school, the first thing I did was threaten to my parents that I was going to overdose, which was a big mistake. I was mad and hurt. My parents didn't know about the cutting, but they knew about everything else. I always wore a long sleeved jacket over my outfits. My parents just thought it was self-esteem related, which was probably part of it. I usually never tried to threaten anything though, unless I meant it and my parents knew that I meant it. They called the police and of course, an ambulance came. I was in a hospital room for about seven hours before I was admitted. I had to change in a hospital gown, with of course, short sleeves. I was in a panic. I told one of the nurses that I couldn't wear this and they said it was one of their policies. I basically had no choice. They had to check my regular clothes to see if I could use of any of it to harm myself. I didn't even have make-up on me to cover up with. This was really horrible. I finally changed, but stayed in my assigned bedroom and refused to leave it. The nurses were getting very annoyed with me. I could tell. By now, they knew I cut and of course, they had to tell my parents. Could things get any worse? I can't go out in a hospital gown seen by a bunch of strangers. I just can't. It was the next morning and I finally came out of my assigned bedroom for the breakfast the hospital served. It's not really that fantastic, but it'll do I guess. I came out and saw the other patients eating their breakfast. I felt like I was going to choke. I don't want anyone to see my scars. I felt naked. I felt very naked. Everyone started smiling and tried to talk to me at the breakfast table. I just tried to politely smile back. One guy shook my hand and said, \"Hi! I'm Derek!\" \"Nice to meet you! I'm Kira!\" I replied. A lady introduced herself also by saying, \"I'm Abigail! Things will get better. I promise!\" That's a big thing to promise, I thought. The third patient was another guy. He just glanced up at me and smiled. He then went back to eating. He was cute though, I had to admit. He had short, dark brown hair and light colored, white skin with possibly blue eyes. I couldn't quite tell. Me on the other hand, I felt ugly, with brown hair and brown eyes, with my pale, white skin. \"That's Caleb!\" Abigail said, when she noticed me glance at him. \"Yep! That's what they call me,\" Caleb said. I then ended up grinning at him and he grinned back. \"What are you here for?\" Abigail asked. \"Oh! Just had some bad thoughts,\" I said. \"You're suicidal, right? Yeah! Us too! I think that's why everyone comes here. It'll get better. Just remember that!\" Abigail replied. I just frowned and continued to eat my breakfast. Next, was my visit with the doctor, to find out when I could go back home. The doctor was okay and decided I could leave in three days. Three days? Might as well leave me here for the rest of my life! I sat down and began to watch TV with the others. Caleb was really quiet I noticed. He basically looked all relaxed and calm, but didn't really talk to anyone that much. I finally started to get used to this place with all the support groups we had to go to and worst of all, visitor hours. I didn't want my parents to see me this way. They might not even visit though, I hope, but I was wrong as usual. When my parents visited, there was an awkward silence at first. My mom eventually reached out and hugged me to tell me that things are going to get better. My dad told me that my mom and him weren't mad and that they were never mad. This didn't make anything okay though. After my parents left, I started to tear up from anger. Caleb walked over and said, \"Are you okay?\" I responded, \"I will be! Thanks!\" Caleb then said, \"No problem!\" He then started to walk away, but then suddenly turned around and came back to me. He said, \"Hey! When we get out of this place, you can always call me if you need someone to talk to if that's okay.\" I said, \"Yeah! That's fine I guess.\" Caleb quickly replied, \"You don't have to!\" I gently replied, \"It's fine. I can take your number just in case.\" I smiled at him. Caleb then grabbed a random piece of paper and wrote his phone number on it and slid it to me. He gently said, \"I'm always available. Don't ever be afraid to call.\" I said, \"Okay! Thanks!\" We both smiled at each other before he walked off again. I then went to hide his phone number in my assigned bedroom, so that I didn't lose it. Caleb seemed kind and so... put together. I wondered how someone like him could end up in a place like this. Later that night, I started playing a game of cards with the rest of the patients. I was always curious how old Caleb was, since he looked so... young. I decided to ask. \"Caleb! If you don't mind, how old are you anyways?\" I asked. Caleb answered, \"Nineteen! How old are you?\" \"I'm eighteen,\" I said. It was the start of a beautiful friendship, until Caleb went home the next morning. As the days went on, it was just board game after board game and support group after support group, until the day that I was finally able to go home. My parents picked me up at the hospital and I went home still holding Caleb's phone number. When I got home, the first thing I did was take a shower and changed clothes. After I finished getting ready for a day of freedom from the hospital, I decided to call Caleb, hoping it wasn't too soon. \"Hello!\" Caleb said, when answering his phone. \"Hi!\" I said, \"It's Kira.\" \"Oh! Hey! How's it going?\" Caleb said. \"Alright, but I was curious! Where do you live? I don't have many friends and I was hoping we could hang out sometime. I know it's a stretch, but I was just hoping...\" I trailed off, when Caleb interrupted me. \"Hey! It's okay. I get it. I don't have many friends either. I live near Springfield, Illinois,\" Caleb said. \"That's crazy, because that's where I live,\" I said. \"Really! Great!\" Caleb responded. I then gave him my address and it turns out he really didn't live that far away from me. It was, like, walking distance. Caleb came over later that day and I introduced my new friend to my parents. My parents seemed to enjoy him and we found out we had a lot in common. We both liked to watch comedy movies and we liked to hang out at the local mall. I followed Caleb to the park that day and had one of the greatest times of my life. I felt alive. I felt content. I couldn't stop smiling around him. Caleb was actually pushing me on the swing, as silly as that sounds. He was very funny and was always cracking jokes, but he still had a serious side. As Caleb was walking me home, he said, \"I don't know if this is too soon to ask, but how did you end up in the hospital? I mean, I'll tell you if you tell me.\" \"You first!\" I said. \"Alright! I have a problem of running my mouth when I'm angry and threatening things I would never do. It's a bad habit, but I told my mom that I was going to tie a plastic bag over my head, so that I could never see the daylight again basically. We were in this huge fight and we don't get along that well, but anyways, I learned my lesson I think and hopefully I never talk like that again. I want to inspire, not destroy. Now, it's your turn,\" Caleb said. \"Well, I told my parents that I was going to overdose. I actually meant it and I actually get along with my parents. I love them, but I feel lost at school and I'm tired of everyone staring,\" I said, starting to cry. \"I'm sorry! I didn't know. I shouldn't of asked. I guess I get too nosy,\" Caleb said. \"It's okay! Don't worry about it!\" I said. \"It's actually not okay, since I honestly don't see anything wrong with you. You're beautiful and I can't believe I even got the pleasure of meeting you. Seriously! I mean it!\" Caleb said. He turned to face me and I caught a glimpse of his eyes. He really did mean it. I started to wipe my eyes. I told him that I he didn't need to say that, but he insisted that it needed to be said. \"Let me know if I ever do anything that makes you uncomfortable though. I don't want you to ever feel uncomfortable around me,\" Caleb said, as he gently put his hand on my back and started to gently rub it in a comforting motion. I don't know what came over me, but I started to put my head on his shoulder and that's how it all started. ","Summary":" Having suicidal thoughts is nothing to joke about, especially when you end up in the mental ward of"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Quiet Girl","Author":"harrystylesobsesser","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9968386","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Quiet Girl By: harrystylesobsesser Chapter 1: Introducing the character \"She cares too much, she's trying to hard. She needs to give up already,\" everyone gossips. There was a girl out there. A beautiful young girl, always was bullied. Her name was Veronica Mendez. Just because she was different. \"The bullies will push me off the edge one day,\" she says. Veronica has been bullied since her first day of kindergarten. But it wasn't by the kids in her grade, it was the older kids in 2nd and 3rd grade. Everyone felt bad for her. She went to therapy starting in 1st grade. It didn't help her much. Veronica was diagnosed with \" Passive Aggressive Disorder\" and she became suicidal. Sadly she had many attempts, but never succeeded. Chapter 2: The first attempt that changed it all September 27th, 2010, the day that changed everyone's lives forever. Veronica was fed up with the bullies and abuse at school. She came home one day feeling worse than the next and was searching. She found an 8 inch inch knife and 2 16 oz bottles of pills. She slit her wrists aggressively four times and took half of each bottle of pills. Half an hour later... Her older brother comes home, calling her name. Then he finds a note. It reads, \" Dear Family, Sadly to say, I give up. If your looking for me, I'm under my bed. I took pills that I found and I slit my wrists. There is no hope. Sorry. :'( -Veronica.\" Chapter 3: What happened after As soon as he read that, 9-11 was called. Veronica's family was never the same after that. They all joined therapy, but that just seemed to make things worse, for Veronica anyway. She became a silent shadow, That doesn't help a suicidal person. Now everything makes her cry and she does not want to talk anymore. Her family is convinced she doesn't have a voice. The family therapy made her habits worse. And she gained a few more... Tell me if you like it. More to come. ;** ","Summary":" Quiet Girl By: harrystylesobsesser Chapter 1: Introducing the character \"She cares too much, she's"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Councilling Session","Author":"sophie9874","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8435473","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"So, Taylor, why did you try to commit suicide?\" asked the doctor. \"My brother hacked into my Clicksters account, and said... some bad things about me, and then people at school started saying some mean things to me. And then I accepted a friend request from this guy, and he spread rumors that I had slept with him, and I hadn't even met him, so these girls made a video and posted it online, and it all got too much!\" Taylor explained, crying near the end. \"Seems like a lot's been going on.\" commented the doctor. \"Yeah, I guess.\" Replied Taylor sarcastically. \"So, have you had any friends help you through this?\" asked the doctor. \"My friend Cheyenne stopped talking to me a while ago, but my friend Sammy's stuck with me the whole way through.\" said Taylor with a small smile on her face. \"Well that's good. Have there been any extra stressful events going on on top of all this?\" asked the doctor. \"Well, my parents are divorced.\" Taylor mumbled. \"Well, that might contribute to your discomfort.\" Commented the doctor whilst taking down some notes/ \"Yeah, but that didn't really bother me until-\"Taylor started \"the bullying started?\" finished the doctor. \"Yeah.\" said Taylor. \"So, why did Cheyenne leave you?\" asked the doctor. \"One day Sammy, Cheyenne and I were in the bathroom, and the girls came in and started calling all of us names, and Cheyenne's never been called a name at school before, and she blamed me for it, and basically she was too embarrassed to be seen hanging out with me.\" finished Taylor in a rush. \"Well, I think it would make you feel better if you tried to talk to Cheyenne, explain to her how it makes you feel that she's embarrassed to hang out with you?\" suggested the doctor. Taylor rolled her eye. \"Sorry, but teenage girls don't work that way. The only things they do is squeal and bitch about people.\" concluded Taylor. \"Well, at least try.\" pushed the doctor. \"OK, but you can't expect me to go back to school, everyone's gonna make fun of me about all of the videos.\" said . \"How many videos were there?\" asked the doctor. \"Two, one mocking me, and the other was me telling everyone I was gonna kill myself.\" said Taylor as if it was no big deal. \"Did you know that most people post videos like that when they're about to kill themselves because they want someone to stop them?\" asked the doctor. \"Well, yeah, but I really wanted to kill myself.\" Taylor said. \"That's what you thought at the time, but you really were scared of It.\" said the doctor. \"Answering your previous speech, you won't be expected to go back to school for now, because your medication will make you sleepy.\" said the doctor. \"OK, if you give me the medication now, I'll give it to my Mom on the way out.\" offered Taylor. \"That's OK, I need to have a chat with your Mom anyway, and you're staying in this hospital bed for tonight.\" Said the doctor, and he walked away. ","Summary":" \"So, Taylor, why did you try to commit suicide?\" asked the doctor. \"My brother hacked into my Cl"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"For You Amanda Todd","Author":"I Use To Be Love Drunk-RA","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8822841","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Amanda why did you have to go? I know that all those horrible people did the unspeakable. I know that you had no friends. But you had me . You had your blood and flesh. Your little sister. It's like you forgot that while you were going through hell, so was I. You were not the only one that bullied. You were not the only one that cuts. You were not the only one that made a mistake. And you are not the one that was supposed to die. I know that all those people said you deserved it. But their so wrong! They never even knew you! If they were real friends, they would have stuck by your side. Through it all . Like I did. Some people are angry at you for it. Some people still hate you. Some people say you are a coward for doing this. All these people are judgmental. They judged you and made you feel bad. Now your gone. They didn't just take away you when they committed suicide. They took you away when that man messages you. We should have told someone about it. Mom. Dad. Anyone! Maybe if we did then you would still be here. The. Maybe you would be standing next to me right now. I know that Mom and Dad will be devastated but I can't take it anymore. It was me who convinced you to come with me to that friends house, It was me who convinced you to talk to that man. and it was me who told you everything would be okay if you gave that guy one little look at your bare breasts. All because of that your gone. And I have no one. No one who really understands what it's like. They might hate me for this. They might judge me for this. They might admire me for this. But it's my choice, and I know it's not the cowards way out. Knowing that you would be letting so many people down, and knowing g that in your faith that you would do the ultimate sin because of it. That is not the cowards way out. That is brave. When Dad gets home from work he'll probably look for me, search the neighborhood. Mom will come home and find the key to my room. When they get in there they will find a piece of paper. And it will say: 'I've lost the greatest thing in my life because of my own mistake, I hope you don't hate me. But I've gone to be with Amanda 3' My name is Abigail Todd. I am seventeen years old, a year younger than my sister Amanda Todd. And now, thanks to all you haters, my sister is gone. And now, so am I. 'Suicide isn't cowardly. I'll tell you what's cowardly: Treating people so bad they want to end their lives.' Andy 'Sixx' Biersack Author's note: I made this after I say the original Amanda Todd video and I went to the comments. A guy that's called Tom Sutton is trash talking and hating Amanda and that made me angry, I made this so maybe some people will understand what kind of effect it may have. Also, please note that I made Abigail Todd up. I don't believe Amanda Todd had a sister. ","Summary":" Amanda why did you have to go? I know that all those horrible people did the unspeakable. I know th"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"U Got Nothin' On Me","Author":"sophie9874","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8435176","Passage":"[Chapter 1] U got nothin' on me U got nothin' on me U got nothin' on me You have nothing on me! Summer came you took me by surprise The California sunshine in my eyes Driving with the top down we sang along To our favorite songs, nothing could go wrong When summer came round the corner, you definitely caught me off guard. The sunshine of California was in my eyes. I was drinking in my car with the roof off, singing along to the radio. Our favorite songs were coming on over and over again, and I felt like nothing could go wrong. Laughing as we gazed under the moon you kissed me and it never felt too soon hard to believe that anything could tear us apart that you'd break my heart We were laughing as we gazed into each other's eyes under the moon light. We kissed and I was ready for it. It's now hard to believe that nothing tore us apart. I didn't know you would break my heart. Now I know who you are U got nothing on me, I see I should've known it from the start (U got nothing on me) You can't tell me lies Don't even try 'cause This is goodbye, goodbye Now I know the real you. You've got nothing on me. I should've known from the start that ~I was better than you, that I could've done better than you. You can no longer tell me lies because I can tell the difference between truths and false, so don't even try to trick me. Bye! Caught you from the corner of my eye you smiled at a girl while passing by Thought you had me fooled but you were wrong I know what's going on, it didn't take me long I caught you out of the corner of my eye. You were smiling at another girl while we were passing by. You thought I didn't notice, but I did. I knew you were being unfaithful towards me. It wasn't hard to read between the lines The necklace in your car that wasn't mine Nothing left for you to do or say, so I'm on my way Now it's too late It wasn't hard to see that you were cheating, a little kid could notice. The necklace in your car didn't belong to me. You have no excuse ready, it's too late, and so I'm leaving now. Now I know who you are U got nothing on me, I see I should've known it from the start (U got nothing on me) You can't tell me lies Don't even try 'cause This is... Now I know the real you. You've got nothing on me. I should've known from the start that ~I was better than you, that I could've done better than you. You can no longer tell me lies because I can tell the difference between truths and false, so don't even try to trick me. Bye! Goodbye to broken promises Time to face your carelessness don't bore me with apologies Or come back crawling on your knees I'm going to forget about your broken promises; it's now time for you to face the consequences of your carelessness. Don't bore me with fake apologies. If you come back to me, you'll still get sent back to where you were before. U got nothin' on me, U got nothin' on me I know who you are Yeah, I see I should've known it from the start You can't tell me lies Don't even try 'cause, This is goodbye Now I know the real you. You've got nothing on me. I should've known from the start that ~I was better than you, that I could've done better than you. You can no longer tell me lies because I can tell the difference between truths and false, so don't even try to trick me. Bye! Now I know who you are U got nothing on me, I see I should've known it from the start (U got nothing on me) You can't tell me lies Don't even try 'cause This is goodbye, goodbye Now I know the real you. You've got nothing on me. I should've known from the start that ~I was better than you, that I could've done better than you. You can no longer tell me lies because I can tell the difference between truths and false, so don't even try to trick me. Bye! ","Summary":" U got nothin' on me U got nothin' on me U got nothin' on me You have nothing on me! Summer came you"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"The Tragic Tale of Lindsay: A Dark Conclusion to the Timeless Epic PT1","Author":"weinercaughtinabutt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8604798","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lindsay paces endlessly around the room, who call upon her now be it the wind the snow or the rain, nether the less its cold outside and the paint is peeling off of her walls, it takes no man to see her love for the cap Lindsay like cap, no Lindsay love cap, but cap is stuck this cap with its sturdy rimmed ledge can break many men, but can it Lindsay? Be it her might, her love, her inspiration, it cannot open NO, it will not open as Lindsay lay in the bathroom will cap come off? ","Summary":" Lindsay paces endlessly around the room, who call upon her now be it the wind the snow or the rain,"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"The Tragic Tale of Lindsay: A Dark Conclusion to the Timeless Epic PT2","Author":"weinercaughtinabutt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8604827","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lindsay crawl to toilet, toilet bowl shiny, pills aren't NO if Lindsay even contemplated flushing the golden pills down the toilet she would have no escape from bathroom it matter not now, the cap is still on the sink noise BINK BINK BINK, noticed imagery make Lindsay crazy Lindsay say I'M GOIN CRAZY but I'm not the one locked in a bathroom the stink filled Lindsay nostril with smells of piss and poop mom come home, says WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING and slaps her she goes back to her room and lives normal cyberbully life for whether she know it not, she is The Cyberbully ","Summary":" Lindsay crawl to toilet, toilet bowl shiny, pills aren't NO if Lindsay even contemplated flushing t"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Lullaby","Author":"AmyJade3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11253915","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"JAMIE...HAYLEY ARE YOU UP BREAKFAST IS WAITING AND YOUR FRIENDS WILL BE HERE SOON\" Mum shouted \"Were coming, were coming\" Jamie grunted tieing her trainers up. Hi, Im Hayley Far. And I'm here to tell the story of my twin sister Jamie. I loved her to pieces. She was always the strongest and bravest out of us. I mean i still love her and i always thought she was happy, like i saw her in my eyes, like Frayer and James saw her. But really it was never like that not really, Not behind closed doors. i'll be coming along like this to explain unexplainable things so here it is...The story of Jamie Far. As Jamie grabbed her bag and her coat she turned to her desk and grabbed a post tic note like she always did and a coloured sharpie out of the pot and wrote a quote saying \" Always smile\" and stuck it on our huge mirror at the side of the door. \"Come on then Hay time to get going! double graphics for you today\" Jamie smiled \"Don't have to remind me\" I sighed following her down the stairs We walked into the kitchen to see dad stretched out over the couch with a beer bottle in his fists and football (Last nights game) on the Tv. It was obvious mum and him had been fighting again what with the mess of the room and the majority me and Jamie heard last night in bed. \"Bit early for beers dad\" Jamie said leaning over giving him a kiss on the cheeck. \"Never to early for a beer my dear, Its five a clock somewhere\" He laughed tapping her cheeck. \"Off to school Girls, James (Jamie's boyfriend or was or whatever) and Frayer are here\" Mum shouted from the other room. We said our goodbyes to dad and to mum and set off to school with James and Frayer. Beep beep went All our phones in sync. We'd all had an Invite You've been invited to Chealsea Almonds 15th Birthday party On the 22nd of November :) 6:15pm-12:15pm 12 Nederdale Rd Hope you can all attend wear your best- Girls-Summer dresses-Boys-Shirts and Shorts Bring if you like to swinwear :) It will be a warm day See you there xx Not only was Chealsea Almonds the most popular girl in the school she was also the most richest and Nederdale Rd was a private estate so that mean's it's going to be a big party and lots of expensive cloths been tossed about. 'You know what this mean's Hay!...Dress shopping :D\" Jamie said in the most exitable Voice ever. \"Cant you go without me?\" I told her \"Im not one for dresses and heels\"I carried on. \"You have to go! your my sister! We do everything together remember! And besides you can wear your healed trainers\" Jamie said hugging me. I sighed but agreed with her and said i'd go \"Oh its this weekend the 22nd\" Frayer said \"We'll go to the shopping centre after school yeh, You coming babe? i need you to help me pick out a dress\" Jamie squealed \"Corse i am\" James said picking her up and swinging around. That was probably the last time i saw Jamie so happy, squealing and giggling no care in the world what the rest of the street thought. outside the house is were me and her always came alive away from mum and dads arguing and the stress of mum running around decorating the Nursery for our baby brothers arrival,That was sooner than we thought at that time. We walked into school to see Taylor,Samantha and Cheyenne waiting at the doors for us. \"TAYLOR!\" We all screamed it was the relief of having her back, having her happy again and over the fact that she had been in hospital after a failed Suicide attempt. The good news is that the girls that were targeting her was put on community service for 6 months,and had a choice to stay at the school or leave, 2 stayed but the ring leader who started the bulling on her left and moved to a completely different state to have a fresh start! \"Glad to have you back Tay\" i said giving her a huge hug. \"Not seen you for a long while have i now.i wish i wasn't so caught up in my hockey at the time i could've beaten some ass\" I said in a sheepish voice. Everyone laughed including Jamie. \"Its fine Hay,Im okay now arnt i\" Taylor said smiling and bringing me into a hug. \"So whats up first?\" Samantha said linking arms with Taylor and Jamie. \"Double Chemistry Frayer sighed \"And theres Y10's bell\"Frayer sighed \"you lot better get your lesson,let us not hold you up,walk with you later\" me and Jamie said re linkin arms and heading down to our lesson, which was double was Physics. After School; Me and Jamie ran home exited for our shopping trip. We came to the drive way and Dads car wasnt on the drive,this is were me and Jamie started panaking. \"What if dads left mum?\"Jamie said in a shaky Voice...\"He wont have,Not with the baby on the way.\" I reassured her. But Jamie being Jamie she went bargring into the house to search for mum. There was a tub of blue paint on the floor in the nusery which had clearly been dropped. I picked up the phone and rung Dad. Me:Dad whats happening,were are you and mum Dad:Your mums gone into Labour,Shes having your little brother,there should be a note on the table in the room go and read that ive got to go now Me:Dad! Cant we come up and see her now? Dad: NO Hay just stay i- and Jamies already on her way isnt she!? Me:Umm maybe Dad: No Hayley go and stop her your mums in a really bad state she doesnt need you two stressing her out NOW GOODBYE! *Beeeeep* The line went dead i threw my phone to the wall and ran after Jamie She was half way up the street by the time i got to her and stoped her \"Dad said no Jamie! you cant go up there! Mums stressed just come on lets get changed go shopping with James and Frayer for the party and buy some stuff for our new born when he arrives\" I told Jamie holding her arm. \"Ok then lets go and get changed i'll grab some money from dads stash that he likes to keep for the match but he doesnt need to know\" Jame laughed grabbing my hand and starting to run. Mum was in Labor for 16 hours with our baby brother Billy. He was so adorable as a baby but now he's 5 and growing into a minuture Jamie. I know she'd be happy wih that. Saturday the 22nd of November (Party Day!) Mum walked throuh the front door for the first time with Billy wearing his blue little hat and wrapped up in Blankets. Dad and Mum had gotton close again and dad never wanted to leave mum since she had been with extreme pain from the birth for a day and half. \"Hello little man!\"I said picking him up out of his carrier and holding him for the first time. He was so warm and plumb it was like holding a potato a big big potato. \"His eyes tightened as he tried focousing on things. \"Wheres Jamie?\" Mum Yawned \"Upstairs she was getting changed when i heard the door.\" I told her \"JAMIE!COME SAY HELLO TO YOUR BABY BROTHER! Dad shouted bitterly like he used to shout at mum \"Cheez im coming i had to get my dress on for the party\" Jamie said walking down the stairs with half wet hair \"Oh sorry girls forgot about your party what time does it start?\"Dad said sweetly \"In an hour and half\" I said handing Billy over to Jamie. \"He's adorable Mum\"She said kissing his head and holding his little fingers. Party time! Jamie slipped on her heel,sorted her hair out checked how she looked and stood at the stairs waiting for me to fasen my trainer heels. \"Come on help me down these stairs\"She sain linking our arms. Mum and dad was at the bottom waiting for us Billy was in dads arm and mum had her camera ready. We both did a silly pose, then hugged eachother and did a nice one. Mum had tears in her eyes. \"You look so grown up the pair of you. My role modles for Billy.\"Mum said wiping tears frim her cheeks. \"Oh mum its just a party,Imagine us in our prom dresses next year!\"I said huging mum. *10 minutes later* When we arrived at Chelsea's we walked around looking for James,Frayer,Taylor,Samantha and Cheynna.\"Hey! you look gorgous\"James said to Jamie as he walked over to us with Frayer and Cheynna. \"Aw thank you James\" Jamie said kissing him. \"Weres Taylor and Sam\" I asked \"There not coming\" She began \"Taylor had a backlash of depression Sam is staying with her,I dont think they appreciate me that much anymore. I still feel guilty of what i did turning my back on her when she needed me the most.\" Cheynna said with tears in her eyes. \"Look you dont need to be like that, Its nothing she'll get over it,people change when bulling happens you were under the influence thats all. Sam was just a bit wiser than you\"Frayer explained bringing her into a hug. \"Go in together?\" I asked everyone \"Come on lets go!\" We all said together linking arms This is it! This is were it all started. Where i began to lose my Sister and her happiness. We walked through the big entrance into the Kitchen were Chelsea was meeting and greeting everyone. \"Hello guys,Welcome to the party\"Chelsea said to us all \"Wow dont you look handsome\" Chelsea said throwing herself on James \"Thanks Chels\"James said throwing her off. \"Now now. Only complementing. No need for that look is there Jamie\" Chelsea said fiercly giving a piercing look to me and Jamie. \"Oh and Hayley dear,I hope that you'll be wearing heels for the prom next year\" She finished sniggering. \"Ignore her Hay. You look drop dead Gorgeous. That look is so you.\" Jamie said with the agreeable head shakes of Frayer James and Cheynna. No-ones really a big fan of Chelsea Almond anymore. Not many people liked her before Jamies story. they was in it for the money really. As she is the richest girl in school. Her personality is Horrid. Money blinds people you see. This Was the first Act We all picked up a glass of 'Juice' which we all knew was different flavored wines and beers,and headed out to the canopy area were there was a fire lit and an arrangements of toasted snacks. There were alot of cushioned seats set out,there was no one in there but us, Chelsea's mum came over and set up the speakers and put them on, The party had officially started. It was alot of fun, every were you looked people were laughing and getting drunk By 10pm Jamie, James and Cheynna were half drunk, me and Frayer was half there but we decided to stop so that we could get the rest home safely. After alot of swearing and flirting we moved out of the canopy once again to sit on the wall near the pool. Chelsea had had her second costume change of the night, this time wearing the exact same dress as Jamie and purposely looking shocked. \"Oh look. Ive put on the same dress as that\" Chelsea said pointing and walking over to were we all were. \"Hey, back off you bitch! youve done that on purpose! Youve always had a thing for me and Jamie isnt it time you backed off\" I shouted at her defending my sister, a crowd began to form around us all. \"Oh shut your mouth you tramp, i was talking to Jamie here not you!\" She shrieked. \"Dont call my sister a tramp, you posh totty\" Jamie said standing up in front of me so i couldnt interfere. The whole crowd cheered. \"Like you'd know what posh really is. You wouldnt have been invited if it was entirly up to me. Luckily for you, our dads know each, so i guessed thats how you got in. Why would i want a bunch of low life slobs stinking the place up\" She laughed. The crowd ahh'd \"I think your just jealous of us, since we actually have true friends who will be our 'ride or die' Jamie laughed back in her face, The crowd watched in amazement. \"Least I DONT steal boyfriends!\" Chelsea screeched. Everyones eyes was on Jamie now. A girl behind Chelsea who i recognized as Amber Freely had her phone out, fixed on Jamie. \"James and me was really good friends before you came along in Y8! He Liked me a lot better than he likes you! Your just his side bitch. for the time being if you dont know what that means.\" She said stepping closer to Jamie. \"For a matter of fact, James liked you AS A FRIEND! you two was never going to make it, weve been together for three years, and it never going to change\" Jamie screamed while James grabbed her hand attempting to calm her down and pull her towards him. \"Oh sure, you wait!. Ive heard that youve been sleeping around alot lately anyway Jamie, i dont need to make you look a fool, you can already do that with your messy hair. Oh and James dear, you'll do so much better if you come with me boo. Leave the little slut.\" She said smiling sweetly at james and scowlimg at Jamie. \" Im okay, i love Jamie, id never give her up!\" James said finally pulling Jamie into his lap. \"Now sod off you Slag!\"I shouted to Chelsea. With that she dragged me and Jamie by our hair and threw us into the pool. Amber haad got that on tape. There was no escaping that from the internet. Fraya, had then gone and Punched Chelsea and Amber and pushed them backwards into the pool. everyone was cheering. It was nearly 1am by the time we was home. We had stopped off at a 24hr Nandos. Me and Jamie wrapped in towels. When we walked through the door, Mum was up with a half sleepy billy in her arms. \"Why are my two twins looking identical wrapped in towels then?\" Mum said happily \"Chelsea Almonds happened.\" We all said together. \"And you Fraya, you have blood on your knuckles\" She said shaking he head disapprovingly. \"Chelsea Almonds and Amber Freelys Muma 2\" Freya said giggling. \"How much have you all had to drink? Any one would think your 18. Your Only just 15 you remember!\" Mum said wagging her finger at us. She gave Billy to me and mum being a nurse found some bandages and sorted Freyas hand out which she haad been complaining about since we left Nandos. The Morning After We was all very groggy when we woke up at 1 in the afternoon. I had been up several times during the night being sick, Three interfering with Billys night screams. and mum and dads bustling. By 2pm mum came in with our dinner, Paracetamol for me, and the laptop in her hands.\" I think you should see this\" She said placing it on Jamies lap. we alllooked down at the bright screen, looking in panic and smiles. there was a video posted up dedicated to Jamie called 'Jamie Far-Boyfriend stealer and Slut?' New Chapter every 2nd Saturday of the month :) Please review and share[Chapter 2] \"Is that Amber Freelys's profile?\" Freya asked \"It was posted 10 hours ago\"Cheynna said\" Jamie pushed the laptop away. Her eyes were swimming in tears. \"Play it\" She said her voice shaking. James pressed play. It was awful, it had been edited to look as though Jamie was the bad guy. There was a moment at the end that included me and Freya. Then it stopped. \"Thats Awful..Why would that bitch post that, theres so many hate comments. She needs reporting its practically bullying\"James said holding Jamie's hand. She did nothing but stare at our blank wall. \"Read the comments\" She said. \"Babe, you dont want to hear them. they'll upset you. \"Read the comments\" She repeated not seeming to care what James had said. \"Okay then, Tell me if it gets too much.\" James said giving a glance at me. \"Carly wilks- What a bitch! Jamie Far is a bully to you guys. She should go kill herself. It would be better for the world\" \" Brendon Attersly- Sicko\" \" Charlie Agust -What a boyfriend stealer, I hope she doesn't steal mine next\" \" Emily-Ellie Kar -Slut, you've had loads of lads in bed. Im surprised James still likes you. Go drink some bleach!\" Jamie had her knees up in her chest, her head in them. One hand holding James' the other wrapped around her legs. I got up and sat beside her putting my arm round her and resting my head on her shoulder. \"Jamie, please look at me\"James said while nodding at me to take he laptop away. She shook her head, i knew she was crying i remember her like that when dad used to shout at her for not doing something he asked straight away. She hated people seeing her cry. This was ultimately her worst nightmare. \"Jamie, we'll not let them get away with this. I mean ive probably broken my hand punching her face.\" Freya said holding up her bandaged hand. \"Cheynna what are you doing James said as he looked up and she was pulling out her phone. \"Im ringing sam and Tay. They'll know what to do.\" She said proceeding to walk out of the room with out further question. The laptop kept binging, more comments were being posted on that god damn video. I decided to open the laptop and read them to myself. \"Lindsay Fordyce- I dont know why you Chelsea Almonds Amber Freely Finds it right in bullying.\" I was shocked at seeing this. The girl of all people who bullied Taylor, sticking up for Jamie, an old enemy of hers \"Amber freely- Shove off Lindsay, you left us. You are no longer involved at Mountain High.\" \"Ashley Cole-Seriously, Jamie your such a whore, no one likes you, i dont know why you or your sister even bother breathing, your both a disgrace.\" Thats it, she crossed the line. saying that not only Jamie should kill herself but me. I gave Freya a sharp look. She immediately sat down and looked at the comments flooding the notifications. I logged out of Jamies account and logged on to mine, I was setting this straight. they mess with my sister tney mess with me. \"What has Jamie done? Shes not a boyfriend stealer, slut whore. Cant you see, that Chelsea is making this all up. Every single lie and you all believe her. Dont mess with my sister or you get the both of us. And for telling her she shouldnt breath, to drink bleach or whatever, i know she wont do that in a million years. So back off because shes innocent okay. Lindsay Fordyce Thank you for sticking up for Jamie.\" Post. Now my comment was there for everyone to see. I closed the laptop lid to see Taylor and Sam walking in. Taylor laughed when I told her about Lindsay's comment. Jamie looked up, eyes puffy and red. She rested her head on James shoulder while he moved his arm round her waist and kissed the top of her head. Both of them now engaged in the conversation. \"So Lindsay stuck up for me. All them hate comments, she didnt say anything mean.\" Jamie said in a weary voice \"Yes. She didnt move to a different state to be a bully. She hates what she did to Tay. You know that\" Sam said in her serious voice. \"Why would they say all them mean things about me? What have i done?\" Jamie said crumpling her nose up to stop the tears from falling even more. \"Nothing. You've done absolutely nothing princess\" James said hugging her more and picking her face up to look at him. \"Jamie, best thing to do is ignore them. Report them to the website. It'll be okay\" Tay said sitting down with her head in her hands. \"Hey, are you okay?\" I asked Taylor \"Yeah...Yeah im good\" She replied. \"Oh god. What are they going to say at school?\" Jamie asked. \"We'll stick up for you. Just keep your head up, they'll get bored eventually. Come one, lets get up and go out for something to eat or to clear our heads or something\" Freya said pushing herself up and offering her hand to me. We all got ready, slobby looking but who cares we was only going to Macdonalds, Cheyenne driving with a provisional. One by one we clambered in to the mini van she had acquired off her dad. Taylor called shotgun, me Freya and Sam in the front three seats and Jamie and James in the back three, Jamie with her head on James' knees, clearly still thinking about the video. Taylor put some music on in the front, It was Nirvana's 'Smells like teen spirit, we all sang along laughing and joking, Jamie not as interested but humming the words and smiling every time a joke came about. Macdonalds is about 15 minutes away from our house give or take traffic. When we arrived we ordered two family meals. Sat on the high stools where the staff knew was the highschoolers seats. An hour of being there was fine until Chelsea Almonds walked in with her little group and decided to cause a commotion and be an even bigger bitch than she already was. \"Oh look who it is. Hi Jamie\" She sniggered and throwing a a napkin at her from the side. \"You can use that to clean your dirty little house you live in\"She then said laughing. Jamie sat there looking out of the window, we was all facing Chelsea, but James had eyes on her. \"Just leave it okay. What has she done to you\" Taylor said. \"Oh, depressed little Taylor standing up for her friend but fails miserably to stand up for herself and fails suicide..Wow how much i wished it had actually happened..God then im sure Jamie would follow you..After all who needs her.\" Chelsea said laughing even more her little gaggle of girls laughing two. \"Why dont you little miss perfect.\" Taylor said proceeding to pick up her back and walking out. Cheyenne and Sam following. \"Ta ta Hayley, Goodbye mistake of a twin Jamie\" Amber Freely said. I was going to hit her i went for her, James ran at the last minute grabbing me and carrying me kicking out of the 'Restaurant', Jamie and Freya following with everyone's stuff. \"Hey. Tay im sorry. So sorry they said that to you.\" Jamie said with tears again in her eyes. As if waking up to hate comments she then gets verbal abuse. \"No, no. Dont apologise its fine, I can stick up for you not myself. Im going go. I dont feel to well. sorry Jay..Its just hard..\"Taylor said walking away. I saw Freya nod at Sam and she seemed to go to. Cheyenne looked hurt. She'd been so mean to Taylor that she lost their trust. I gave her a hug and said \"We better get going.\" \"Yeah, Yeah, i need to get home, Then to A+E This hand needs a look at\"Freya said laughing. Later that day. \"Whats up with Jamie hay?\" Mum asked nursing Billy, i could hear the shower running upstairs, probably why mum asked ME this. \"She wouldnt want me to tell you whats happened. Go ask her yourself\" I moaned at mum while i read through Jamies profile. I told her to not go online and took the laptop. She doesnt know my password as i changed it so she cant get on mine. \"Jamie!\" I hear mum shout from the bottom of the stairs. I hear a muffled voice shout back, it sounded normal. She seemed to have calmed down \" need to talk to you, come in the kitchen, theres cookies and a hot chocolate.\" Mum had shouted back. I knew she was baking something. I placed the laptop down and ran up the two steps to the kitchen to get a cookie. \"Hands off missy\" Mum said slapping my hand away. \"Hey, i want a cookie too\" I said laughing \"Get a plate and sit down\" Mum said laughing too, then putting billy down in the kitchen cot, beside where she was going to sit,which was across from me. Jamie walked into the kitchen pulled up a stool next to me, her damp hair to one side, her pink dressing gown wrapped round her. She grabbed a cookie and put half on my plate that apparently we were sharing and started eating the other half. \"Where's my hot chocolate then mother?\" Jamie mocked smiling. Right here. Mum said putting three steaming cups in the centre of the table. \"So. Jay, whats been happening? youve been up their since you got in. And i know you'd been crying when you walked in earlier before everyone left.\" Mum began. \"Erm...Just some stuff, thats all. Ive just had the video on my mind.\" Jamie began. \" I know sweet pea. But i tell you something, they'll get over it. Has anything happened when you was out? Did you see the girls?\"Mum asked. \"Er yeah. They was being horrible to taylor, because of me. And now shes upset, they told me to follow her, to commit suicide. They said so many mean things, Im sorry mum, i dont know what ive done. Everything they said, its not true.\" Jamie said in a rush, trying to stop herself from crying again. Mum looked at me with her serious mum look. \"The laptop Hayley, go get it\" she then said. I got up and grabbed the laptop off the sofa and passed it to mum. \"Why didnt you tell me Jamie!\" Theres so much hate on your profile. Im hoping your not looking on it on your laptop.\" Mum said. \"That is hers\" I butted in. \" I put a new password on mine she wont have seen what they are. Right Jamie?\" I said with half a smile looking over at her. She looked away. Mum was reading through comments and posts on her profile while i slipped away upstairs to our room that looked really dark already. And as i guessed MY laptop was open on JAMIES bed on HER profile. No wonder she'd been up here and in the shower. I closed my laptop put it under my arms and ran down stairs. \"You fucking idiot! Why did you look on your profile! How the hell did you crack my password\" I screamed at her. I was angry. I didn't want her to see them. \"Language Hayley!\" Mum murmed to me. \"Well using the old rabits name from, when we was 5 isnt that hard\" Jamie shouted back. \"I put a password on it so that YOU wouldn't get upset. But as every you didn't listen!\" I screamed at her. Billy started crying. \"Now look what you've done! Hayley go somewhere else\" Mum said in her angry voice. Jamie had ran upstairs and slammed the door shut. I felt bad that i shouted her, with everything shes been through in one day, but she shouldn't have looked. I kept thinking that. I was sat in the room when dad came through the door with Chelsea Almonds dad. They seemed to be taking about the party. \"Hay, wheres Jamie?\" Dad said looking at me in his serious dad face. \"Upstairs. And its not her fault, before you start pointing fingers\" I said while glaring at Chelseas dad. \"Go get her. You stay up there.\" Dad commanded me. I huffed and paused the Tv and stood up and proceeded to walk upstairs. I went to open the door, but she must have locked it. \"Open the door Jamie!\" Its my room too.\" I moaned at her, I was still pissed off but i was going to wait until the morning to apologise to her. I heard the lock turn. I walked into the room, her eyes were red and she was wrapped up in her blanket. \"Dad wants to see you. Dont take no shit from Chelsea's dad.\" I said to her. \"Please Haylay, Twin swap? I dont want to go down there\" Jamie insisted. \"No! face it your self. Im pissed at you, If i wasn't i would. Ill be at the bottom of the stairs.\" I told her and walked out with out another word. I heard her close the door, then stepping down the stairs. When she got to me she looked at me, She looked sad. It didnt seem like Jamie, it wasnt her. Who ever this person was, she wont be here for long. \"Right Jamie.\" Dad said standing behind her, hands on her shoulders. \"Mr Almonds has something to say to you.\" Dad said cheerily. \"I hope its an apology\" I heard Jamie say. \"No, i think your the one who should be apologising. Chels seems really upset, You terrorised her life it seems to me. I understand James is your boyfriend, but i know chels and him were close a while back.\" Chelsea's dad was saying a load of bullshit. i decided it needed to go out there if she didnt stand up for herself. \"Erm, sorry sir but i think youve got your facts wrong. I mean i havent done anything to her, She posted a video online and it was me being the bad guy. But theres about 50 witnesses that can tell you otherwise. I know that James was good friends with Chelsea but that was before. times have changed. Okay?\" Jamie said really angrily. This was my sister. Dad smacked her arm. \"Dont speak to Dave like that!\" He said. \"Anyway, I'll see what she has to say about that. If i find she was the one upseting you i'll apologise to you. But for the time being i believe you have said something towards her that hurt her feelings. Im sorry Tai, i'll have to get going see you tomorrow\" And then he left. \"I cant believe you believe the crap he's coming out with\" I said walking into the room and grabbing Jamie from his grip. \"Im sorry? I would like to know your sides of the story then girls.\" Dad said to us sitting down. \"After what he said i dont think you'd believe us. Jamies got loads of hate comments on her profile. Ive shouted at her, and she's been up there since we got in, i dont think she's the one being a bully to that snobby bitch\" i shouted at dad. \"You didnt let me finish Hay. Ive seen the video, i know that Chelsea's been the bully and acting like the victim. Why wouldnt i trust my two girls?\" Dad said looking angry but also Sympathetic. \"But with a guy like Dave, you cant wrong him that easily. Trust me im going to sort this out for you\" Dad said picking up Jamies face with his hand and kissing her forehead, and hugging me. Jamie started walking up the stairs again no speaking to me as she went. \"Jamie..\" I said \"No Hayley. You have every right to be upset with me. Call me when tea is done\" She said and turned the corner on the stairs.I heard the door shut again and music coming out of our speakers. I was just about to walk up the stairs when dad grabbed my arm \"Let her cool down for a bit. Carry on watching whatever it is\" He sighed and walked into the kitchen. I watched him put his arm round mum and kiss her forehead. They began to whisper. I sat down again on the setee and played the vampire diaries, secluding myself. Well...Chapter 2...You like? Please Review :) Ans check My other fic if you like this :D ","Summary":" \"JAMIE...HAYLEY ARE YOU UP BREAKFAST IS WAITING AND YOUR FRIENDS WILL BE HERE SOON\" Mum shouted "},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Cyberbully: The one behind the books","Author":"Lilnunster","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9307501","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter one I walk down the hallway, hiding my face. Kids don't seem to notice, but I scoot pass all of them fast. I quickly grab my math stuff and head to class. I guess somebody noticed me because I heard, \"Pissy Phoneix!\" and everyone starts to laugh and point. I start to cry under my books, but nobody notices. My day at school isn't normal for some teens. I barley make it out there alive! And when I come home, I have like millions of texts and messages and posts on Instagram of ugly things. Nobody likes me anymore. Ever since my \"best friend but not anymore Khelend\" spread a rumor about me, everything has changed. She did that because she wants the popular clique, with Megan and Cassandra. I did have Cope as my last best friend but, she bailed on me too, trying to be popular. I really hate my life. Ever since this incident, my grades are lowering. I'm not going to make it to collage! That was my life dream! Didn't Khelend know that! Ug, where's my gun? I have told my mom, dad, sports coach, conciler, even the school principal and nobody has done anything! Oh wait one minute, got a text. It is from a number I don't know? \"Phoenix, I know what you have been going through is tough, but I am here to help you stop it, it's me, Cope.\" I wanted to scream! Cope don't understand! I better be mean to her… no that's not right. I put the phone down. Nobody diserves bullying, especially if it's cyber.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 The next day in the hallway, Megan and Cassandra walk to Megan's boyfriend Josh with their clique and start talking trash about Phoenix. Josh starts laughing with them, and Cope is looking worried. She hates it all. Nothing she can do. She got dragged into this! Cope breaks away from the group and hurries over to Phoenix. \"Hey.\" She exclaimed. Phoenix still ignoring, \"you know those girls, I don't even like them. I always hear them taking trash…\" Cope didn't get to finish. Cassandra yelled, \"Cope?\" her eyes getting wide. \"Get over here? And why are you talking to… Her?\" Phoenix slammed her locker door and ran away. \"Wait!\" Cope yelled running after her. Cassandra called her group over to have a meeting. They talked about kicking Cope out of the group. They whispered until the bell rang, then, they all spread like wildfire. ","Summary":" Chapter one I walk down the hallway, hiding my face. Kids don't seem to notice, but I scoot pass al"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Bullying, and CyberBullying","Author":"TheMadmanwithHisAmazingBueBox","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9465455","Passage":"[Chapter 1] No Bullying Poem Feel my Pain,without sorrow,and My life lives with music , and my happiness will return someday,and It feels I don't have so much friends because Of Bullies , They only care about themselves ,and others , and they spread bad rumors , pain is going through my life, every one made me so mad, pain will not left behind, no more rumors ,and bullying , tears going down my cheek, sadness in my eyes,and they're making fun of people being Hated in people's lives , other people suffered in same way , I will show a lot of bravery, and I will stand up for myself, and No More Pain will never return. By: Izzy Smith (Author's Note) I want My Voice To be Heard, and I hate bullies try stop what I like to do best, And NO MORE BULLYING. \"Bullies Think their cool, and Making people feel Bad is not Cool. (Please share this poem with your friends, and family members on Facebook or other sites, and Stopping Bullying form happening In Schools, online, and Other places, and I want my voice too be heard.) (Coming Soon: Second Chapter called No More Cyber Bullying.)[Chapter 2] No More Cyber Bullying Poem Through my wound life try to heal, but It is not going to heal, and saddens in my eyes, but pain will not go away in my life, also I will not forgive a person will cause me of lot of pain, hate will not go through with hope, and I always have friend by my side who when I was in pain, My life will heal with hope, Courage, and Knowledge, and My life is a new begin, no more hate, and no more pain will never belong, but bravery will take through my soul, and pain not hurt me no more, Bullies try hurt me again, and I will have no more Fear, and Bullies try hurt you and mess with you, Bullies try to hurt you, No more Cyber Bullying, and I always have Courage, and Knowledge, I was The victim of Bullying, and I don't Give Up what I like to do best. Author's note: I wrote my second poem about bullying, because about my true pain, also being hated too, but I know having hope in my heart,also strength. \"Bullies Think their cool, and Making people feel Bad is not Cool. (Please share this poem with your friends, and family members on Facebook or other sites, and Stopping Bullying form happening In Schools, online, and Other places, and I want my voice too be heard.) ","Summary":" No Bullying Poem Feel my Pain,without sorrow,and My life lives with music , and my happiness will r"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Cyberbully  For bullying prevention month","Author":"lexyrocks","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8505870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Taylor's POV I went online once I woke up the next morning. I logged into Facebook and chatted with Rebecca. \" Did u hear wat Lindsey said about my jacket? She said it was Hideous.\" I sent it and got up from my chair and got my cereal. I turned around and saw my brother looking at my messages. \" Hey! Get atta here you little snitch!\" I pushed him off the chair. \" You have a clicksters!? Can you make me one?\" \"No now go to school!\" I said playfully but with a little bit of annoyance. I looked at the chat message while eating cereal. \" Lindsey wouldn't know how to spell \"hideous. XD\" I smiled and typed back \"Lol\" \"Bye hun I'm going to work.\" She kissed my forehead. \"Bye mom.\" I said keeping my eyes focused on the computer. \"g2g I'm picking Anna up for school. We'll be at ur house in 10 min k?\" \" I logged off and ate the rest of my cereal.\" I went upstairs and put my clothes on while I heard the car beep while I got my backpack. I got into the car in the passenger seat while Rebecca sat in the drivers seat and Anna sat in the back. \" What up birthday girl!\" Anna screamed from the back seat which made me jump. \" Thanks...Do you think Jason will remember?\" What's up with you and that guy? All he does is act like a total dick when you're not around.\" Rebecca seemed envious. \" Oh c'mon you don't know him. He's nice and really sweet.\" Rebecca put her red hair behind her ears to make sure she was listening correctly. \" Yeah right\" She said quietly while parking in the student parts of the parking lot. I got out of the car and grabbed my backpack. The three of us walked toward the school passed lindsey and her crew of plastic barbie dolls. Lindsey and her gang turned their heads toward us. \"My brother wears shoes like that... He's ten.\" She laughed and so did the others. I sneered and ignored them. \" Don't ya just love high school?\" I said sarcastically. Rebecca put a red lock of hair behind her ear \" I know right.\" We walked into school and went to our separate lockers. Jason came up to me. \"Hey tay.\" I loved when he called me that. \"Hey\" I smiled while holding my books. \" You know the semi-formal dance is coming up.\" He ran his hand into his hair which was covered in gel. I thought it looked sexy but Rebecca thought it was him trying to be a bad boy. \" I'm aware.\" I said enthusiastically. \" If your not going with anyone maybe I can...oh I don't know assist you?\" \" You mean go with you?\" he nodded. \"Sure I'd love that.\" I put my blonde hair behind my ear in a Rebecca kind of way. \"Cool I'll cya there then.\" He left I waited until he wasn't in sight anymore. I leaned against my locker and asked myself. Did that just happen!? Hours of learning passed until gym came. I brought my clothes over to a bench behind Rebecca's. \"Your never gonna guess what happened earlier.\" \" Jason brown asked me to the semi-formal!\" I changed into my clothes and put my hair in a bun while telling Rebecca all about it. \" That guys a total the hell would you wanna go with him.? \"Rebecca he's a nice guy you clearly don't know him.\" \"True the real ass in your life is your dad.\" Rebecca sneered. \"Hey!\" \"what you have to admit it. He's the one who slept with a 28 year old slut while with your mom.\" I tied my last shoelace. It was true. My dad was a total ass. He had slept with someone else and left us. \"leave my dad out of this.\" I walked away towards the gym. I missed the school bus so Rebecca was willing to drive me home instead. \" Are any of you going on cliqsters tonight? It's so much better then facebook.\" \"Oh I know you are Tay Rebecca told me how Jason asked you out.\" She sounded please but annoying at the same time. \" Yeah I should add him on cliqsters tonight.\" Rebecca turned red while keeping her eyes on the steering wheel.\" \" Taylor, one of these days you gonna get hurt and the first one who will is gonna be Jason, trust me I know.\" It was my turn to get red and envious. \" Just cause you got hurt doesn't mean it's gonna happen to me!\" Rebecca pulled over to the side walk. \" What are you-\" \" Get out..now.\" \" C'mon becca you can't be serious.\" Anna sounded surprised.I was shocked. Rebecca was being a total bitch. \"Out now.\"\"Fine\" I got out with my bag and watched them drive away. I got home half an hour late since I had to walk. I saw my mom and my little brother at the table. \"Why are you late?\" Me and Rebecca got into an argument and she made me walk. No big deal we'll probably be friends again tomarrow.\" I headed upstairs. \"Hey were are you going?\" \"I'm going on cliqsters.\" I went upstairs and saw a present on my nightstand. I opended it. It was a brand new computer. \"Finally I can actually have privacy!\" I logged onto my cliqsters account as I heard the door creep open. My brother was there. \" Lucky you have a new computer.\" He krept over my shoulder and looked at the screen. \"ooo who's Jason?\" I pushed him out the door. \"Get out you snitch!\" I sat back down and logged in. I looked at my status. It was changed and I bursted into tears and felt nervous. My mom came in \"what's wrong?\" I pointed to the computer. \"Look someone hacked into my account and changed my status.\" I said while sobbing. My mom looked and read it outloud \" I'm a naughty bad girl someone should spank me? The person who wrote this has a sick sense of humor. Maybe you can change it before anyone sees. \" I scrolled down and looked at the comments. Lindseyluv: I knew she was a skank babiecakes21: What a slut skaterboi45: Finally a bad girl. I'll do you any day. Sammyluver: I bet she does this for money. Talk about desperation LOL \"No it's too late. Now everyone knows.\" I cried more and went to the bathroom and looked in the mirror. I thought about what they were all saying. I felt sad. I kept saying that it would all blow over soon. I also thought if it would get worse[Chapter 2] I logged onto my clicksters account. I scrolled through the several nasty comments. Lindsayluv: Wow I never new she was this desperate to get laid XD Cutegirl432: I heard she slept with half the guys in school for 5 bucks Skaterboi45: Finally a naughty chick on here I bursted into tears. A friend request popped up into my inbox. Josh Donovan would like to be friends with you. I wiped away the tears and clicked accept. I scrolled through more comments. A message in my inbox popped up. JoshD: Hey I should know better then to accept a strangers friend request. I guess I should just see what he wants. Tayhill: Do I know you? JoshD: Yeah I'm in ur history class. I saw u read ur poem. It totally spoke to me :) I blushed. I tried to remember people who were in my class. But it was a class of about thirty so he's probably in like the front row since I sit in the back of class. I bet he saw the comments on my fucking page. I felt like pounding the keyboard. JoshD: I saw what they were saying about u online. Fuck he probably thinks I really am a whore. JoshD: I just posted a comment on your profile. I minimized the chat box and scrolled onto my profile and read the messages: Lindsayluv: Wow I never new she was this desperate to get laid XD JoshD responded to Lindsayluv's comment: She's a better person then u ever will Lindsay. He stuck up for me... I didn't even know this guy, yet he was willing to take my side? Before I could respond he logged off. My phone vibrated inside my pocket. I shut my computer and got my phone out. A picture of me and Rebecca showed on my phone. I answered nervously. \"Hey...you still mad at me.\" I said nervously. She paused. \" Shut up and come over here\" I hung up the phone and drove my car to her house. I drove 15 minutes to her house. I rang the doorbell. She opened the door. She had a serious look which eventually turned into a smile. She wrapped her arms around me and hugged me tightly. \" I'm so sorry Tay, I know I've been acting like a total bitch lately. You know I care about you though.\" \"It's fine Becca...I just really need a friend right now.\" she smiled \"Come in.\" I went into her room and laid on her couch. She was on her bed using the computer. Anna barged in from the back door. She looked as if she had been running for miles. She sighed heavily. \"Anna why are you-\" \"Did you look on Clicksters.\" I stood there and made eye contact with Rebecca. \" No why?\" She sat down next to me and Rebecca sat near the window with the computer in her hands \" That guy Josh...Is telling everyone on Clicksters that you gave him climitia. Rebecca began typing frantically.I stood there shocked in total disbelief. The only person I thought who would back me up had tried to make himself look cool. \"See for yourself.\" She handed me the computer. I scrolled down to the comments. JoshD: Wow the girl can really do it :) and all it took was 5 bucks Lindsayluv: What a SLUT. Sammycutegirl: Total hore. XD I shut the computer slowly. Tears sprung from my eyes. \" Taylor its ok-\" I ran to my car and cried against the steering wheel. What did I do to deserve this? I thought I was a good person. I drove to my house and collapsed on my bed. I went into the kitchen and took one of the sharpest knifes from the drawer. I slashed my arms with the knife without hesitation. I saw as beads of blood came dripping down. ","Summary":" Taylor's POV I went online once I woke up the next morning. I logged into Facebook and chatted with"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Cyberbully AU","Author":"DonnaElizabeth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9046407","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is an AU version of the movie Cyberbully. I added some more realistic things and it will be a bit triggering to some people and I'm sorry. In my version Taylor's mom hit rock bottom after her dad left and some more little surprises. Taylor POV ' My year started out just like any other I was just a normal girl with the need to write and loving parents. I was happy and my two best friends, Samantha and Cheyenne, were always there for me. But then all went downhill, my dad left and my mom...she went even farther down. I was lost but my birthday was coming up and I wasn't making a big thing out of it but it meant for one day they would have to come together and be happy like I was finally.' Taylor looked at the desktop screen and sighed, she knew her mom had seen her blog and read how Taylor really thought of herself and her mother…but there wasn't much she could do her blog was raw and she didn't want to hide anything which is why she didn't let anyone from school or that she knew personally follow the blog. She heard her mom pull up the driveway and quickly saved and closed the post. \"I'm home!\" her mom announced as she walked in the side door with an armful of food and Taylor grabbed some things from her mom. \"Thank you\" Taylor smiled. \"How was school?\" \"It was good; I got an A+ on my history paper\" Her mother smiled a motherly smile and said \"that's fantastic\" she poured herself a large glass of wine and looked up as my brother walked in \"hey\" she smiled again. \"What did you learn in school today? Anything fun?\" He shrugged, and went to the fridge looking glum and pulled out a juice. \"I need you to sign a detention slip\" Our mother sighs. \"What did you do this time?\" \"This kid tripped me so I hit him\" He shrugged it off like it was nothing I looked at him a little worried, it was never something so simple with him there was something more he wasn't saying. I'd get it out of him later. \"So mom,\" I looked at her. \"My Birthday is tomorrow\" I smiled. \"Already?\" She chuckled. \"No way\" \"Yes way\" I liked her this way she wasn't totally gone yet and we were just like before all smiles and giggles, but soon the wine would sink in and all this would be gone. \"I'll have to pick up a present tomorrow before work\" She smiled lightly and walked into the living room telling us over her shoulder that we had to do our homework. I went up to my room being as I finished my homework I texted Samantha: TEXTS: Taylor: Hey Sam Sam: Hey Taylor How's it going? Taylor: ok…mom's drinking again… Sam: I'm sorry Taylor: It's ok. Hey can I sleepover I need some air. Sam: My Dad has some business guys coming over no friends Taylor: I'm not a friend I'm Family. Sam: ha-ha Tell that to my dad. Taylor: ugh…looks like I'm staying home Sam: Sorry Tay. I g2g text you after? Taylor: yea fine. Have fun! Sam: Please will be something fun isn't it lol Taylor: Bye Sam: Bye Taylor sighed and pulled out her homework before her mom came in and started fighting with her about not doing it. (AN) Tell me what you guys think! What should I do? What should I keep? And What should I change? MUCH LOVE XOXO[Chapter 2] Taylor didn't get a chance to talk to her brother about why he had detention. It really bugged her that he wouldn't just tell our mother, but then again when she was drunk after work nothing was safe. In the morning, Taylor looked at the family computer not being allowed to have a Facebook she was getting a few happy birthday messages on her messenger. She smiled cause people remembered and replied with a bunch of thank you's. just as her mom walked in she closed out and went to look for breakfast. Taylor's mom puffed when she saw Taylor's outfit. \"Why are you wearing that?\" She motions to my jeans and layered white and red top. \"What do you mean?\" Taylor asks confused at why her outfit is wrong. \"It's hideous. I mean it's your birthday for Christ sake. Go change I'm sure Sam will wait for you\" Taylor sighs and she knows fighting with her mom is pointless so she goes up stairs just as her mom leaves. Eric knocks on Taylor's door. \"Eric did you miss your bus again?\" Taylor asks through the door. \"Yea...\" He sounds disappointed. \"You think Sam could bring me? Please.\" Taylor sighs she knew that would mean being late to home room but she also knew that if she didn't her brother had to deal with the wrath of their mother after school. \"Yea. But you owe me.\" \"Thanks Taylor.\" Taylor finished getting ready and this time he was wearing a nice flowery summer dress that went to her mid thigh with bleached jeans under and some nice flats. It was better and slightly too different but it worked for her mom. Taylor pulled on a white knit button up sweater, that wasn't too heavy and not too thin and went back down stairs. \"Sam just pulled in.\" Eric informs me. \"Hello, birthday girl!\" Sam walks in smiling. \"Hey Sam\" I smile at her nodding to my brother \"we need to make a detour\" She sighs. \"Yea I assumed. What happened this time?\" \"Mom didn't wake me up so was a few seconds late going outside\" \"Eric you know you can't count on mom getting you up these days\" \"Yea I know. Sorry taylor\" \"It's alright.\" Taylor sighs and they all grab their bags heading out the door. After they dropped Eric off at his school. \"So is your mom really getting that bad?\" Sam asks worried \"Honestly, it's been like this for awhile. She's just good at hiding it but she really cracks down on Eric he barely talks to her anymore.\" \"Wow. Have you guys thought about going with your dad?\" Taylor sighs. \"I've thought about it but who would take care of my mom?\" \"Taylor she's a big girl. She can take care of herself.\" Taylor drops the conversation she can't handle it anymore her mom was a drunk...and a bad one at that. She hated seeing her mom like that but there was never away around it. We pulled into the school just as the homeroom bell rang and ran into the school barely making it into the classroom before our names were called. That school day dragged on and Taylor smiled and said thank you all day but finally it was lunch time and Taylor could relax and see her friends Sam and Cheyenne. Taylor walked into the cafe holding her books for her next class and got in the lunch line. She looked at what the meal was and retreated it, it looked like it would come alive and try eating her, so Taylor got a sandwich and say with Sam and Cheyenne. \"Hey birthday lady\" Cheyenne smiles. \"Hey\" I smile back \"So what are we doing tonight?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Um it's your birthday?\" Cheyenne and Sam say at the same time. \"I know that but I hadn't planned on doing anything.\" \"Tay you can't just not do anything for your 17th birthday.\" Sam the person of reason tells her. \"Why not? Who says I have to do anything?\" Sam and Cheyenne look at each other then to me and say \"us\" \"Wow\" I look at them \"that was creepy.\" \"And true\" Cheyenne pops in. \"Guys you know my mom. I can't have anyone over on a school night.\" \"Fine then we are taking you out Saturday morning.\" Sam smiles and I open my mouth to protest but Cheyenne cuts me off. \"And don't say anything about your brother or your mom cause it happening\" I sigh. \"Fine\" Taylor's classes almost flew by after lunch and she kinda hated it she liked her classes and her teachers were great but soon it was time to head home to the world of fights. Taylor walked out to Sam's car which much to Sam'a dismay was covered in happy birthday stuff. Laughing. \"Wow\" \"Yeah well it's your birthday so when we get to your house this is all going with you\" \"Who did this?\" \"I don't know but it must have been at lunch cause we were late today\" \"Yea.\" Taylor giggles and they both get in the car Sam driving and Taylor in the passenger seat. Sam sighs. \"What now?\" \"I just can't believe your not doing anything tonight\" \"Sam I can't.\" Taylor looks down. \"I want to but there's no way I can with how my mom is right now.\" \"Who said it has to be at your house though Tay?\" \"Where else would it be?\" \"I don't know. My house?\" \"Yea I'm sure your mom would love that.\" Just then Sam pulls into Taylor's driveway and Taylor's moms car is there. Sam Confused. \"Umm do you want me to come in?\" \"Uh...no no it should be fine.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Sam it's fine really\" \"Alright I'll pick you up in the morning.\" \"Thanks. Bye\" Taylor says getting out of the old beat up car. \"Text me!\" Sam yells out the car window and Taylor looks over her shoulder. \"Will do!\" And with that she goes inside. Taylor opens the door to see nothing...not her mom, not eric, no one. She didn't know what to expect, but an empty house for sure wasn't one of the thing's she had considered. \"Mom? Eric?\" Taylor yelled. There was no answer. She yelled up the stairs. \"Eric?!\" Still nothing. Taylor sighed and sat at the computer and started writing another blog post. Happy Birthday to me! Well here I am. Home alone... You know I should be used to this by now with everything that's going on I mean it IS Friday night. That means Eric is proably staying at a friends house ALL weekend to get away from the wrath of our drunk mother, and mom she proably dropped the car off and went right to the bar Taylor stopped typing and looked around sighing her life had become something that was so predictable that even she, herself, was bored with it. It was her 17th birthday and all she had planned to do is wait for her mom to get home so she could take the insults as she put her to bed. Her mother could be a real sour drunk and she wished there was something she could do, sadly there was nothing... this life is really getting too boring for me. I don't know what to do but staying at home is really dull. Just then someone knocked at the door and Taylor got up and answered it \"um...can I help you?\" \"package for...a... Taylor Hillridge?\" \"That's me\" the package guys hands over the brown box and smiles. \"have a good day\" he walks away and gets into the FedEx van driving away leaving Taylor with the heavy box. It took Taylor a few seconds to get herself together and go back inside but she did and set the box on the table and just stared at it. Taylor never got mail, never the less a heavy brown box, she started to open the box it was taped up pretty well so it took her awhile. Taylor finally got the box opened and inside there was another box only this one was wraped in birthday wrapping paper and there was a card that read: \"Happy Birthday Tay Tay! I miss you so much and I'm sorry I'm no longer there for you and Eric tell him I love him and you both. I hope you love your gift I wanted it to be perfect and I knew that you loved writing so I love you and good luck hiding it from your mother. Love always, Dad\" She had started to cry as she read the card but she wiped them away and tore open the gift her dad sent finding the perfect blue laptop that had been on the top of her wishlist since she found out just how much she loved to write. Taylor smiled through her tears and ran upstairs to her bedroom with the latop, box and card all in hand before anyone could come home and see any of it. ","Summary":" This is an AU version of the movie Cyberbully. I added some more realistic things and it will be a "},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Sir Reginald's Seduction","Author":"Dan Sickles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13158912","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SIR REGINALD'S SEDUCTION This is a different look at how Robbie and Cecilia might have got together that summer. Please comment nicely! \"Sir Reginald was a wicked man,\" her little sister breathlessly began. \"His soul was overflowing with unlawful desire!\" \"Not overflowing, my love,\" Cecilia suggested sleepily. \"Perhaps you could say he was 'consumed' with unlawful desire!\" \"Sir Reginald was consumed with unlawful desire. Desire that would not let him eat or sleep. Desire that haunted him night and day. Desire for the fair, the chaste, the unattainable Eleanor.\" \"Mm.\" Cecilia Tallis shut her heavy, drooping eyelids, letting the whispery sound of Briony's breathless voice become one with the warmth of the sun and the hum of the insects. It was such a hot, still afternoon, and she was fearfully sleepy. If she slept for an hour or two now it might help to pass the time before dinner. Though she didn't know how she would ever stay awake through dinner if it proved as dull as last night's ghastly affair. Cecilia hated the way her brother Leon was continually bringing home eligible young men for her to meet. Of course they were always very rich and very handsome. But there was something dreary about being paraded for their approval, and there was something wet and sniffling about the way they looked at her, as though they were puppy dogs who had been promised an especially delicious treat. Cecilia didn't want to be anyone's treat. What she wanted was . . . well, it was something quite different. She wanted . . . she wanted . . . she simply wanted . . . Sir Reginald's hard and brutal hands overpowered her weak and trembling body. His lips burned as they pressed against hers . . . When Cecilia woke up from her nap it seemed hours had passed. She sat up in the low, cushioned lounging chair and lit a cigarette, struggling to recall what she had wanted in her dream. It was odd, but she felt that Robbie Turner had been close by while she slept. Of course, as a gardener he might very well have been poking about. Still, she felt it was more than that. Cecilia puffed on her cigarette, frowning. Then she went inside to dress for dinner. \"Chocolates,\" said Paul Marshall, looking ever so pleased with himself at dinner. \"People just can't say no to them.\" \"That sounds fascinating,\" Cecilia said. In actual fact she was nearly cross-eyed with boredom. All through dinner she'd been listening to the rich, handsome young man boast of his enormous wealth and the unlimited potential of the world's appetite for chocolate. Just to get a break from his ego she suggested a walk in the garden. What happened next was that she saw Robbie, the gardener, just wrapping things up for the day. And though he smiled and greeted her politely as always Cecilia felt a very strange need to have him notice that she was very interested in what Paul Marshall had to say. So she leaned closer to the fool and looked deep into his eyes and then all at once he kissed her and she realized exactly what she had been dreaming of that afternoon. It was pointless trying to sleep that night. Cecilia kept reliving that awful kiss and the way she'd made a fool of herself afterwards, slapping Paul Marshall and having a fierce row with her mother and her father and her brother Leon and saying all sorts of childish things about the young men he kept bringing around to sniff her up and down as though they were dogs and she were a bitch in heat. She wasn't a bitch in heat! Cecilia went out into the garden in the moonlight, wearing a soft, silk, see-through bed gown. It was late at night, and when Robbie Turner came out of the bushes she turned to him with open arms, begging him to forgive her for being so blind for so long. He understood what she meant. Completely. But instead of holding her tenderly he took her right there on the wet grass, brutally and without mercy, till she wept and screamed and nearly died of pleasure. It was just the type of story Briony would have loved. But of course she wasn't awake to see it. ","Summary":" SIR REGINALD'S SEDUCTION This is a different look at how Robbie and Cecilia might have got together"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Cottage by the Sea","Author":"booknerdjewel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13192752","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Enjoy! Cottage by the Sea One-shot The storm arising outside is what wakes she from a dead sleep. The window repeatedly bangs against the house. She rises from the bed, her lover's arm sliding from her body onto the bed with a light thump. He is such a deep sleeper, the noise wouldn't have woken him up. On the other hand, she is not a light sleeper. Everything wakes her. Many more things keep her awake. Her lover holds her in his arms as he sleeps, his arm spread across her body, she often rests her hand or hands on his arm, her fingers dancing across his skin. He never wakes. She never sleeps. She makes her way across the house, taking a second to securely close the window. She watches for a few minutes as she waves crash along the shore, getting lost in her thoughts. Thinking about well, everything. Her past life, her current life. Everything is so different. Does she miss her old life? Maybe, a little. Yes, she misses her family. But she chose this. This was her choice. She believed at the time that she made the right choice. She still believes that she made the right choice. This is the right choice. She belongs here, with him, with her one true love. This is the place where she belongs. Would she give up her current life for her old life? No, not even a little. She loves her life here. She loves her life here with him, with them, with both of them. Her little family. His little family. Their little family. Yes, this is where she belongs. Here, in the cottage by the sea. She wouldn't trade it for the world. A sudden cry brings her out of her thoughts. She quickly makes her way back to the bedroom, stopping in the doorway as she watches her husband rise from the bed, bending over the crib, pulling their five-month-old son out of the crib, instantly placing the baby boy on his chest. She smiles as her husband gently begins to bounce, sending the little boy back to sleep. Cecilia would not want to be anywhere else besides here with her husband, Robbie, and their son, Theodore. Their little family. In the Cottage by the Sea. ","Summary":" AN: Enjoy! Cottage by the Sea One-shot The storm arising outside is what wakes she from a dead slee"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"All That Matters","Author":"ElphabaThroppxx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9661716","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello people! Here is my slightly adorable one shot of Robbie and Cecilia. Because really, they shouldn't have died we all know it. enjoy and please review Axx The docks were foggy and a heavy mist hung over the hundreds of heads that lined the slippery edges of the dock, looking out to sea. A group of nurses, huddled together under an old battered umbrella, were silently waiting at the very edge of the crowd. No one dared move, afraid to break the strained silence that hung over the congregation. A explosive cry and a sudden bustle of movement from those at the very front of the group shattered the silence. The group surged forward. Each individual attempting to spot the large silver monster that lurked within the fog. At that moment a young nurse came running around the corner. Her high, starched collar chafing against her thin neck as she ran in the uncomfortable hospital required heals. She stood on a up-turned crate and peered into the mist. Is it there? I swore I could see it before...but im not sure now. If I'm honest im not quite sure what I'm doing here. He just stopped writing. GAH! stop being stupid Cecilia, he has to be here. Your being irrational. Now stop it and just look for him. An almighty cheer and a sudden surge from the crowd confirmed her thoughts for her. Out of the fog an enormous metal monster came sliding into view, men in matching uniforms hanging out windows and over rails called out to loved ones waiting below. It came slowly to a rest against the pier, coming to a stop with a dull groan. The police, who had been waiting for the returning boat at the edge of the crowd, held the mass of swarming people back as the large metal doors opened and a wooden gang-plank was lowered down to the waiting men. A low rumble came from the middle of the transport carrier and then they came into view. Men. Hundreds of men. All supporting each other or being pushed in flimsy wheel-chairs or stretchers. No. No no no no no! This wasn't the right boat! This was the hospital transport boat. Not the boat that brought back the healthy This had to be wrong. Ahh but dearie. They said it clear on the radio, 1st boats returning from Dunkirk would arrive on the 30th of June and the last boat on the 2nd of July. What's the date dearie? ….the 2 nd ... exactly, and he wasn't on any of the others. So this is all that's left. Silly dearie. Shut up. Cecilia watched as more soldiers appeared, some moving towards waiting hospital vans and medics, others going straight into the crowd. To the waiting arms of their loved ones. She searched the faces , pleading to herself that he was there – and safe. She stood there watching every face until they all began to look the same. Dirt. Cloth. Bandage. Blood. Everything began to swirl together into a blur of men and noise until Cecilia could hardly tell one from the other. She stood at the dock for almost an hour, waiting . It began to rain but she stayed, waiting, Waiting. Like she had done for 8 years now. It seemed that all she did was wait,. Spend her life in a constant state of limbo, never truly happy, never truly whole. Just waiting. Waiting for the day when he came back to her. And stayed. The fog had thinned as the rain got herder but Cecilia didn't care. Her usually starched cap flopped sadly on her head, sagging under the weight of the water. She did nothing as it slowly slipped down her head and onto the concrete of the dock. Her thin arms shook, whether from the cold and rain or from the increasing pain in her heart that she could not stop, she didn't know. All she could feel was pain. A pain that she had been suppressing ever since that summer night 8 years ago came suddenly bobbling back to the surface. He had left her. He had promised that he would come back to her, and never leave her again. And then he hadn't come back. She just stood in the rain, her heart breaking with every drop on her skin. She turned around, giving a half hearted attempt at straightening her uniform and picked up her hat from its place in a puddle at her feet. She set off along the dock as a lone figure made his way down the gang-way. Stopping at the end he looked out at miserable London through a curtain of water falling off his hair and into his eyes. The young nurse walked past him hurriedly catching his attention. Her dark curls clung to her back and face yet she made not movement to clear her vision. He squinted at her retreating form, trying to clear the fog of the last couple of months from his mind to identify this woman. Then, \"Cecilia?\" She froze. He noticed her shoulders tighten and the slight rise of her head as she snapped at him without turning. \"I don't care who you are or how you know my name but will you just leave me alone.\" the pain and heartbreak in her tone was concealed under a brisk teacher-like voice. He grinned Yeah still the same Cee His grin faded as he watched how much effor she was making in trying to keep composed. She was breaking, and it was killing him to watch. \"Well?\" \"I promised I'd come back\" He heard her breath stop, and saw her hesitate slightly before turning to finally face him. He just watched her stand there. He wanted her to do something, anything. Yell , scream, whisper, cry, anything to prove to him that he wasn't hallucinating like so many times before. But she just stood there unable to do or think anything except his name over and over in her head. Robbie. Robbie. Robbie It wasn't until he spoke again that she was finally pulled from her state. \"Cee\" That name. The name that had been for so long her family's name, yet had so quickly became his name. His and only his. It tipped her over the edge. It was all too much, even for someone as strong as her. To have him standing there – for the first time in 8 years – free to touch her and hold her. It was all too much He watched her face change from confusion to panic, to realisation and then to relief . He watched her sway on her feet before his name finally spilled from her lips. \"Robbie\" It was merely a whisper, but it was enough to shatter and mend his heart all at the same time. He dropped his bag on the dock and walked towards her, stopping only when he saw her flinch away from him. \"What is it?\" his heart was pounding as the idea that she had moved on with someone else, unable to wait for him, flew through his mind at light speed. She closed her eyes, let her head sag towards her chest and mumbled so that he had to lean in to hear her. \"What if this is all in my head. What if I've dreamed your here. I cant do this any more.\" He put his hand under her chin and tilted her head until she was staring straight into his eyes. \"You're going to have to trust me.\" He couldn't wait any longer. He pulled her face to his own , gently brushing his lips against hers, felling her take a shuddering breath against his cheek. Her eyes focused on him, taking him in. He began to worry he had moved to fast. \"Robbie?\" broke his thoughts. This time more confident. He saw a small glimmer of hope in her eyes as she let her cap slip from her fingers. He smiled at her. \"I came back.\" he said simply. That was what she needed. All of a sudden she was on him, pressing her lips and body against him as if she was a dying woman. Her hands were behind his neck pulling his face closer to her, all the while kissing him like he was the only thing that could save her. It took him a moment to respond, being so shocked at the sudden movement, but he responded desperately, wrapping his arms around her waist and crushing her too thin frame against him. Her hands moved from his neck to the front of his shirt, fisting in them so tight it tore the fabric, allowing raindrops to fall freely onto his chest. She could feel his heart beating rhythmically below her hands, together with the feel of his lips and his all encompassing presence, she let herself cry ,in the arms of the man she loved, and waited for, for 8 years. They needed nothing else now. For they had each other. And as the rain fell around them, that was all that mattered. ","Summary":" Hello people! Here is my slightly adorable one shot of Robbie and Cecilia. Because really, they sho"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Dearest Cecilia","Author":"KPtheMoviesaholic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5905913","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dearest Cecilia. That's how his letters would start. I'd follow the pages, transported from some godforsaken piece of land in France, with eager fingers, reading up on his latest soldier adventures, dirt, grime, blood, and gore. But I couldn't care less. It was my only means of communicating with Robbie. Until he return. If he would return. No, don't think like that, Cecilia, don't. He must. And he will. Then our love, as he wrote, and as I've memorized, etched the words in my mind, can continue on. Thoughts unraveled as I attempted to pen down a letter in reply, swinging my pen in hand. Oh come on, Cee. You don't have much time. Duty at six today. Don't forget. No time to ponder. Not anymore. Words were coming in short bursts, reminders I loathed to address, the short, brisks sentences pounding onto my load of responsibilities. But you chose this. But they were wrong. All of them. Trusting a naïve, imaginative little charlatan whom I could never forgive. Trusting her invented worlds of words, her so-called innocent eyes adults were supposed to trust, to have seen truth in. Somehow I couldn't bring myself to laugh at the irony. Yes, I chose this. So what? I'd rather live off on my own than spend the rest of my life lounging in the same house, deciding what to do, with the same people who played roles in its dilapilation. No, I wasn't doing this for Robbie. I was doing this for no one but myself. At least my life felt its necessity to continue, in living this way. Lifeless, yet hopeful. I didn't know what hope look like. I even wondered most of the time if it even had bloody feathers like they used to all say. Oh, Robbie…. There was a knock at the door. I stood up, cleaning my working space, pushed in the chair, and went to answer, heart beating anxiously at the prospects of another letter. There was a letter alright. A pile of letters, in the hands of a man I scarcely knew. I chose not to stare at his face, but directed my eyes at the letters in his hands. I couldn't bear to hear what he had to say if it was… \"Cecilia Tallis?\" His voice called, soft, almost in a whisper, understanding, symphathetic, and, worst, foreboding. Silence withdrew me. I took the opportunity to inspect him instead. Clothed in a dirty soldier uniform which probably had never seen water since its days in France, the man stood at his full height, his angular face whitened, a hand holding his hat, another the pile of letters. His shuffling body allowed me to glance at what was in front of the pile he had held to my face in reverse. A single postcard. Depicting a white cottage atop a beach, looking over the endless sea. And I knew. I just knew. But I couldn't utter out a question. I couldn't break down and cry, or wreck my body with sobs as my subconscious was instructing me to do. A subtle fragment of words escaped my quivering lips. \"He…is he…\" The man nodded, his eyes visibly misty for a moment. It was clear to me he preferred not to mention the name or the word we both dreaded. \"Septicemia. Last day of the evacuation,\" he said simply, \"Cap'n would have wanted you to have this.\" And he handed me the letters, his lips shaping into a shaky, melancholy smile. As my trembling hands grabbed ahold of all that was left of him, my heart seemed to have lost track of its beating. Shut down. Senseless. In disbelief. \"Thank you,\" was what I managed. Corporal Nettle—for I noticed his badge on the uniform—saluted, and was off. Footsteps died in the distance, though not the persistent beating of my heart. It sped up, incessant, as if attempting to bang its escape out of my chest. Erratic heartbeats. Turbulent, raging, like my avalanche of emotions. I closed the door, then carried the pile onto the table. Instead of the chair, I slumped down on my bed, glancing listlessly at the pile. Oh, God. Shouldn't have happened. Shouldn't. Shouldn't. Shouldn't…. A heap of shouldn'ts rushed through my mind, silly to think a bunch of words could have turned back time. But that's just me. Septicemia. Blood disease. And last day of evacuation, to think of that. I separated the words, and the cruelness of fate still returned me its sardonic glare. Last. Day. If only he had endure a little more… If only that bus had never come… If only Briony didn't… If only our three lives, tangled in an indiscernible mess, weren't a series of \"If only's…\" … … … No use. Wishing. For what had been gone. Every little mentions, warnings, signs had all been erased. Every flicker of hope, dreams, and optimism—what a pain it was to see that postcard again—was gone. I didn't have him now. That's it, Cee. Accept it. You're alone. No! I couldn't. I had dreams. When he would come back and handed me that postcard himself. He'd stand at the front door, his remarkable marble eyes, though long rid of that boyish innocence I knew so well, sparkling. Alive. Wordlessly he'd take me into his arms. Whispering. \"I'm here.\" But what was left for me to reply, forever, awaiting no answers, was that phrase I used to calm Briony to sleep from nightmares every stormy night. \"Come back, Robbie. Come back.\" Was this what you had wanted for us, Briony, to never have a happy ending like those characters in your stories all had? Congratulations. You've got your wish. Your story's solidified into indelible reality. A/N: Just had this idea for like half a year already. (If Robbie had died June '40, Cee October, then this moment must have happened some point in time. And this is how I've imagined it. No tears, Cee. Just hysteria.) Huge thanks to all readers, reviewers, and anyone who'd just clicked by, Lots of Love and Rock'n'roll, Your ever humble fanfic writer :) ","Summary":" Dearest Cecilia. That's how his letters would start. I'd follow the pages, transported from some go"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Cecilia the Caecilian","Author":"Dan Sickles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13220132","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CECILIA THE CAECILIAN This is just a silly story Briony Tallis made up about her sister. Please comment nicely! \"Naughty girl,\" hissed the Nazi commandant, aiming a stinging open-handed slap at the slim English girl's pert, upturned bottom. \"Ooh!\" Weak-willed Cecilia wiggled and squirmed like a timid little amphibian. Then she started to bawl just like a baby. \"Ooh, please, Mr. Handsome Nazi Officer. I didn't mean to steal your deadly Luger pistol. I just dropped it in my purse by accident along with all the other lovely presents you gave me on our date last night!\" \"Liar,\" said the forceful, devastatingly masculine Nazi commander. \"My orders are to eliminate all underground fighters from this part of the English countryside. You pretend that you are happy that Germany won the war. You greedily take all the perfume, chocolates, money, and cigarettes we give you in payment for sex. Yet I think secretly you are friends with the English underground fighters. Perhaps you even know where they are hiding, yes?\" \"Yes! No! Yes! Ooh, stop it!\" Cecilia couldn't stop squirming as the big strong Nazi officer spanked her behind. She didn't mind the pain, really. In fact she rather liked being treated like a naughty girl. Her wicked Nazi was so strong! She wanted him to make love to her over and over again, just like on their romantic date last night. \"You will lead me to the English pig-dogs who continue to fight?\" The sly German gently caressed her burning buttocks. \"You will become my personal slave for as long as I want you?\" \"Ooh . . . all right. If you give me more nice presents I will!\" The Nazi officer called his men and they all got rifles and pistols and motorcycles and started driving off into the late night shadows. But when they got into the woods the heroic English underground fighters started shooting them with arrows and swinging down from the trees and letting loose clever traps to topple them off their motorcycles and steal their motor cars just like Robin Hood! \"Who is that . . . that incredibly brave young girl dressed as Robin Hood?\" asked the dying German officer. \"She was too clever for all of us. Too brave! Ach, I am dying now. Germany is finished!\" \"It's my sister Briony,\" Cecilia pouted, going through the dying officer's pockets and lighting up one of his cigarettes. \"I try to get along with people. But Briony is just an awful pest,\" she explained, giving a disdainful little puff. \"That's not true,\" said Robbie Turner. He walked up carrying a German machine gun, looking ever so brave and fearless, with belts and belts of bullets around his chest. \"Briony is a brave and unselfish genius and she gave me the courage to escape from a German prison camp and start the underground movement. We let you join us, Cecilia. But all you did was betray us over and over!\" \"I couldn't help it,\" Cecilia said, puffing on her cigarette in a very self-satisfied way. \"They tortured me, and you know how I hate torture.\" \"How, by giving you fancy presents?\" Handsome Robbie scowled. \"I would have given you presents. I would have given you anything your little heart desired. But you didn't care. Because I was poor!\" Robbie grabbed a gold necklace from around Cecilia's neck. It was a present from the Nazi officer, only he stole it from some helpless people he murdered in some far-away country. \"Well, I'm not poor anymore. And I don't love you anymore, either. I love Briony.\" \"Oh, Robbie, don't be ridiculous,\" Cecilia said, puffing on her cigarette and looking sexy and grown-up. \"Briony is still a child.\" \"No, I'm not!\" Briony insisted. \"I'm a genius and I saved England. And you're just a traitor, Cecilia. You're a timid, treacherous, lying little traitor. You're just like those horrible legless amphibians that crawl about in the dark African jungle eating worms. You're a real Caecilian, Cecilia!\" \"What on earth?\" The sexy, dark-eyed girl took the cigarette out of her mouth, and the very next moment she was a small, worm-like amphibian gliding noiselessly away and burying herself forever beneath the dark and rotting leaves of the ancient English forest. \"How did you do that?\" Robbie asked, astonished. \"It's an ancient family secret,\" Briony said proudly. \"Our forefathers were powerful Druids who used magic to fight the Romans. Of course Cecilia never learned about our past, because she was too busy kissing boys and telling lies and acting frightfully grown-up.\" \"I'd like to hug and kiss you, someday,\" Robbie said, in a very sincere, humble and respectful way. \"All that had better wait till I'm all grown up,\" Briony said primly. \"First we need to drive the Germans out of England!\" ","Summary":" CECILIA THE CAECILIAN This is just a silly story Briony Tallis made up about her sister. Please com"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Cecilia","Author":"hevaann","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6109225","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cecilia To look beneath Her gorgeous teeth The way she smiles Her full lips Her slim hips Her feminine wits and wiles Her tiny breasts Upon her chest Her hair so soft and waving A gentle kiss Like this and this She is my guilty craving ","Summary":" Cecilia To look beneath Her gorgeous teeth The way she smiles Her full lips Her slim hips Her femin"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Ultime Expiation","Author":"JessSwann","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6441348","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimers: Les personnages sont à Ian Mc Ewan Bonjour à tous, voici donc une nouvelle histoire sur le film Reviens moi… C'est une histoire que j'avais envie d'écrire depuis longtemps sans savoir comment la présenter. La communauté des 6 variations pour laquelle je l'ai écrite m'a fourni le prétexte. J'espère qu'elle vous plaira. Bonne lecture et … Reviews ? Note : le récit écrit par Briony est en italique Ultime Expiation Un silence pesant règne dans ma chambre. Un silence lourd, épais, à peine brisé par les chuchotements qu'échangent mes visiteurs qui me croient trop sourde pour les entendre. Toute la famille est là. Ma famille. Ils sont tous venus me regarder mourir. Oh bien entendu tout le monde est trop poli pour formuler cette évidence à haute voix, mais je ne suis pas encore assez morte pour ne pas le comprendre. Dans ma chambre règne une odeur de médicaments à la fois suave et âcre mâtinée d'autre chose. Une odeur de sueur malsaine qui je le sais provient de moi. Ma fille se penche sur moi et ses lèvres douces effleurent ma joue sèche. « Vous voyez maman, toute la famille est venue vous rendre une petite visite » Me dit t'elle d'un ton faussement enjoué. Moi je ne réponds pas. « Toute la famille » Insiste t'elle. Sauf que c'est faux. Toute la famille n'est pas là. Il manque Cee. Il manque Cecilia, ma grande sœur. La sœur que j'ai tuée par mon mensonge. Maintenant que je vais mourir je suppose que le secret que j'ai gardé tout au long de mon existence depuis mes douze ans n'a plus de raison d'être. Cependant à qui le confier ? Mes yeux fatigués se posent sur mon cher bloc de papier et au fond de moi je trouve la réponse. Je suis écrivain. J'ai écrit des centaines d'histoires, j'ai même écrit l'histoire de Robbie, de Cecilia pour expier ma culpabilité. Mais même là j'ai menti. Le moment est venu de rétablir pour de bon la vérité, une dernière histoire qui sera réellement la mienne. Sans complaisance et sans mensonge cette fois. J'ai passé l'âge de me soucier de ce que les autres pensent de moi. Je prends une inspiration et je fixe ma chère fille « Papier… - Oh maman reposez vous donc, vous écrirez plus tard » Son ton est mi agacé mi grondeur. Mais je ne peux pas attendre, parce que bientôt il sera trop tard « Papier » Ma fille soupire et se dirige lentement vers le secrétaire « Tenez » Mes doigts se referment sur le stylo et je la regarde. J'attends. Au bout d'un moment elle comprend et un nouveau soupir franchit ses lèvres « Maman voudrait écrire un peu, je pense qu'elle veut qu'on la laisse » Le reproche est évident… Quoi la vieille dame veut être seule alors que tout le monde a fait le déplacement pour elle ? Mais ce que j'ai à dire est plus important que leurs fiertés blessées. Je souris en les voyant sortir. Ma main glisse sur le papier, mes doigts sur le stylo. Je remonte le temps jusqu'à l'été de mes douze ans. « J'ai déjà raconté cette histoire. Ou plutôt non, j'ai raconté Cécilia, j'ai raconté Robbie. Mais pas moi… Dans ces conditions comment comprendre vraiment l'histoire ? Lorsque j'ai écrit Expiation, j'ai menti. Je ne parle pas seulement du mensonge qui m'a poussé à écrire une fin heureuse pour ma sœur et Robbie, éternels amoureux de plume, alors qu'ils ne se sont jamais retrouvés dans notre vie. Je ne parle pas non plus du mensonge que j'ai écrit en prétendant m'être réconciliée avec Cécilia alors qu'elle ne m 'a jamais ni pardonné, ni parlé à nouveau. Le mensonge dont je parle est plus terrible encore que ceux là. Et c'est celui là qui a pesé sur mon cœur tout le restant de mon existence. Avec les années, les livres, le mari , les enfants, j'ai réussi à l'enfouir au fond de moi, à me persuader que la version que j'ai raconté dans mon livre était la bonne. Mais maintenant, que je vais mourir je ne peux plus m'y dérober, ni échapper à moi-même. Seigneur je ne sais même pas par où commencer… Sans doute par Robbie… Parce que finalement, il a toujours été question de Robbie. Lorsque j'avais douze ans… J'étais bercée de rêveries romantiques, de dragons et de chimères. Je me rappelle que Cee se moquait toujours de moi… Parce que dans mes histoires la jeune fille finissait invariablement à partir avec son prince. Ce que personne n'a jamais su, pas plus ma Mère que Cee c'est que mon prince c'était Robbie. Même à présent que je suis vieille et fatiguée, mon cœur s'affole encore lorsque je pense à Robbie Turner . Je crois que je suis tombée amoureuse de lui le jour où, pour l'éprouver, je me suis jetée à l'eau et qu'il a plongé pour me sauver de la noyade. Lorsque ce jour là j'ai senti ses bras forts m'arracher à l'emprise mortelle de l'eau ma vie a complètement changée… Je suis tombée amoureuse de Robbie. A chacun de ses retours je recherchais sa présence, je cherchais à me faire remarquer de lui. Je guettais avec impatience toutes les lettres que Cecilia envoyait de la faculté avec le secret espoir que quelques lignes parleraient de Robbie. Mais Cee ne parlait jamais de Robbie. Dans ces conditions comment aurais je pu deviner ce qui allait se produire ? Je ne me cherche pas d'excuses… Mais si j'avais … Si on m'avait dit ce qui se passait entre eux, peut être n'aurais je pas menti cette nuit là… Peut être… Lorsque j'ai avoué mon mensonge des années après la nuit où j'ai séparé ma sœur de Robbie, j'ai dit que je m'étais trompée, que j'avais réellement cru voir Robbie penché sur le corps de Lola. Tout le monde,à commencer par ma famille, a pensé que c'était l'un de ces tours que m'avait joué mon imagination trop fertile… Et tout le monde m'a pardonné à cause de ça malgré les conséquences dramatiques que cela a eu sur notre famille. Sur Cécilia…. Sur Robbie. Je n'ai jamais eu le courage d'avouer que mon imagination n'était pas en cause. Je n'ai jamais cru voir Robbie. J'ai menti comme mentent les amoureuses délaissées pour se venger de celui qui leur a fait du mal. Et mon mensonge a détruit Robbie. Je ne m'en suis pas voulue sur le moment, j'étais trop ulcérée… Trop jalouse. Même aujourd'hui, il me suffit de sentir l'odeur de l'herbe fraîchement coupée ou des lys pour me souvenir de ce jour là. Tout a commencé le matin…. Je travaillais sur ma pièce… Dehors, il y avait Robbie et Cécilia. Je les observais. Cécilia venait de plonger dans la grande fontaine que nous avions alors et elle se tenait à demi nue devant Robbie. D'où j'étais je ne voyais pas grand-chose. Mais cependant assez pour voir les épaules de Robbie frémir à la vue de Cécilia. Cee et ses longues jambes fines… Toujours si mondaine, si parfaite… Cee qui ne s'intéressait à rien mais qui faisait semblant de le faire lorsqu'il s'agissait de mes pièces … Mais ce matin là je n'ai pas vu la sœur affectueuse, je n'ai vu qu'une femme qui tentait de séduire Robbie… Je me souviens avoir été troublée, plus par le frémissement des épaules de Robbie que par l'attitude de Cécilia… Alors comme à chaque fois que la vérité brutale tentait de me toucher, je me suis inventée une histoire…. Cee était une innocente, Robbie un dangereux pervers… Pourquoi avoir fait cela de Robbie ? Sûrement parce que c'est plus romanesque d'aimer un homme dangereux… J'ai raconté mon histoire à Lola… Elle y a cru. J'étais son centre d'intérêt. Elle était mon public avant de devenir ensuite mon instrument. J'ai continué à me raconter cette histoire, comme pour mieux m'en convaincre… Oui Robbie était un fou, un pervers mais j'étais sûre sans jamais le dire que mon amour, notre amour lui apporterait la rédemption.. Tout l'après midi qui suivit j'ai ressassé cette histoire, jusqu'à finir par y croire. Et puis Robbie est apparu au bout du chemin. Je me souviens m'être sentie stupide avec mon bâton de bois et ma robe trop longue. Mais Robbie n'y a pas fait attention, il m'a tendu une lettre. Sur le moment, j'ai cru qu'elle m'était destinée… Après tout Robbie devait bien m'aimer aussi sinon pourquoi aurait il toujours été aussi gentil ? Mais la lettre était pour Cecilia. Et je l'ai lue. A l'époque je ne l'ai pas comprise, pas précisément.. Mais ce que je ne comprenais pas ma bouleversée… Pourtant j'ai donné la lettre à Cécilia. Après tout Cécilia et ses grandes jambes n'avaient que faire de Robbie… Je l'ai cru jusqu'à ce que je les surprenne enlacés dans la bibliothèque. Sa longue robe verte remontée sur ses cuisses, Cécilia enlaçait Robbie qui avait son pantalon aux chevilles. Même à douze ans on comprend ce que cela signifie. Et même à douze ans on peut haïr ce qu'on aimait si fort la seconde d'avant… Le dîner qui a suivi a été le pire de ma vie. J'avais le cœur brisé et je devais encore soutenir le regard de ma sœur. De cette sœur qui m'avait trahie en me prenant Robbie. C'était insoutenable de penser que ma propre sœur ait pu faire une chose pareille. Non, Cee avait été séduite, les mauvais instincts de Robbie s'étaient réveillés et… Sauf que sous la table leurs doigts s'entrelaçaient, se mêlaient. C'était presque pire que la scène de la bibliothèque. Parce que face à leurs mains unies, face à leurs regards tendres l'un pour l'autre… Je n'étais plus rien. Et aucune des histoires que je m'inventais ne pouvait changer la vérité : Robbie était amoureux de ma sœur…. Puis tout s'est accéléré… Les jumeaux ont disparu. Lola… Lola a été violée. Et mon cœur de femme blessée malgré ses douze ans y a trouvé le moyen de se venger. Sur le moment, je crois que je n'ai pas réalisé le mal que je faisais. Je ne voyais qu'une chose, je n'avais qu'un but : séparer Cécilia et Robbie. Loin l'un de l'autre ils oublieraient la bibliothèque, ils s'oublieraient. Dans sa prison, Robbie m'attendrait… Et une fois devenue une femme, j'avouerais courageusement mon erreur. Robbie serait libéré et bien sûr je passerais du temps à ses côtés, pour me faire pardonner cette erreur qui l'avait condamné… Je lui réapprendrai à vivre… Et Robbie me pardonnerait…Parce que son amour pour moi serait plus fort que les années d'enfermement. Pas une seule fois je n'ai pensé à Cecilia dans ce scénario. Ou plutôt si, je croyais que ma sœur si volatile trouverait un autre garçon à aimer. Je n'ai pas non plus pensé à la prison… Je n'ai pas imaginé que ce genre d'expérience était de celles qui brisaient un homme. Comment aurais je pu le savoir ? J'avais douze ans ! Sauf que rien ne s'est passé comme je l'avais voulu…. Après Robbie, Cecilia est partie pour toujours. Elle ne m'a plus jamais adressé la parole ni à au reste de la famille. Elle n'a pas non plus aimé. Contrairement à moi Cecilia ne s'est jamais mariée, elle n'a jamais eu d'enfants, elle est morte seule au milieu d'une foule d'inconnus dans les bombardements de Londres. Je me souviens encore du cri de ma mère en apprenant la mort de Cee. La seule fois où j'ai vu ma mère sortir de la torpeur de ses migraines… Pour moi il était trop tard pour avouer. Quand à Robbie… Il est sorti de prison mais pas comme je l'avais prévu. Il n'est sorti que pour aller se faire tuer sur une plage française où son corps est enseveli pour toujours. Je n'ai jamais pu m'excuser auprès de lui. Je n'ai jamais pu effacer ses années perdues comme je me l'étais si bien imaginé. Après la guerre, après leur mort à tout les deux, je suis allée voir les compagnons d'infortune de Robbie. Ceux qui avaient été avec lui jusqu'à la fin. Ils ont dit que jusqu'au bout, Robbie a aimé Cécilia. Il est mort avec une lettre d'elle serrée dans sa main. C'est-ce jour là que j'ai compris qu'aucun sacrifice au monde ne me permettrait jamais d'expier le mal que je leur avais fait à tout les deux. Pourtant j'ai essayé, j'ai raconté leur histoire en m'effaçant… Je leur ai donné la chance dont je les avais privés en faisant d'eux un couple d'éternels amoureux. Mais ça n'est pas suffisant. Je leur dois tellement plus que ça. Je leur dois la vérité. A présent que je vais mourir, je le comprends enfin. Cette histoire est sans doute la dernière que j'écris. Sans fioritures, sans complaisance. Pour une fois, la première de ma longue vie d'écrivain, j'écris les choses telles qu'elles se sont passées. Je reconnais enfin mon crime… Je l'offre au monde pour que tous sachent … que tous sachent que…. ()() Le lendemain, la presse anglaise annonça que Briony Tallis, l'auteur à succès, avait fermé ses yeux sur le monde. Quelques mois plus tard et au bout d'une bataille juridique acharnée entre ses héritiers, sa dernière histoire fut finalement publiée sous le titre de Ultime Expiation entraînant des ventes records. Emporté par ce succès,son livre, Expiation , a été réédité pour y joindre en postface sa dernière histoire. Il est resté en tête des best sellers douze semaines consécutives. ","Summary":" Disclaimers: Les personnages sont à Ian Mc Ewan Bonjour à tous, voici donc une nouvelle histoire su"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Est-ce vraiment la fin de l'espoir ?","Author":"Femme Invisible","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10543443","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : Rien ne m'appartient tout va à Ian McEwan pour l'histoire de base et à Joe Wright pour le magnifique film qu'il a réalisé. Expiation est un beaucoup que j'apprécie beaucoup. J'ai découvert le film bien avant le bouquin, étant une grande fan de James McAvoy. Pour moi, livre comme film sont tous les deux des chefs d'oeuvre qui m'ont fait vraiment réfléchir, mais aussi m'ont transmis des émotions si forte que même aujourd'hui, j'en pleure encore. Je ne parlerais pas d'adaptation. Il y a des moments que je trouve très forts dans le livre et qui rendent très mal dans le film (la conversation de Briony avec le soldat français m'a juste bouleversée à la deuxième lecture, et la fin est pour moi le paroxysme du génie de McEwan) et de très forts moments dans le film que je ne trouve pas spécialement plus marquant que ça dans le bouquin (toute la partie de Robbie en France, surtout la scène avec le cinéma et le champ de tulipe, mais aussi la partie de Briony adulte, très bien réalisée à mon sens) J'ai donc basé cet OC sur ce que j'avais retenu plus ou moins de la morale finale. Il y a bien sûr le thème d'expirer ses fautes, mais pour moi, je vois aussi la thématique de l'espoir. Plus centré sur Cecilia et sa mort, mais aussi sur Briony, ou comment elle aurait pu décider de donner cette fin aux amants. Je ne sais plus si dans le film ils donnaient les noms des deux caporaux qui suivent Robbie, mais celui qui le suit jusqu'à la fin c'est Nettle, et l'autre c'est Mace. De plus, quelque chose que j'ai trouvé qu'il manquait cruellement dans le film, c'est le lien du fameux \"Reviens-moi\" que met en place le bouquin, entre Cecilia et Briony. Parce que Cecilia l'utilisait quand Briony était plus jeune et qu'elle se réveillait la nuit après des cauchemars. Cette anecdote prendra son importance dans mon OC. Je ne vous embête pas plus et je vous laisse à la lecture, en espérant que ça vous plaise. \" My Darling. I Love you. I'll wait for you. Come Back. Come back to me.\" - Cecilia. Cecilia Tallis. C'était une matinée qui pouvait être considérée comme les autres. Cecilia se réveillait dans son lit, dans la petite chambre de son appartement qu'elle louait à Mrs Jarvis, aux extrémités de la capitale londonienne, à Balham. Les douces lumières du jour perçant par une fenêtre entre-ouverte, se faisant un chemin entre les épais rideaux au motif fleuris. L'air était agréable en cette période de début Juin. Même en temps de guerre. La guerre. La guerre qui pesait de plus en plus sur l'Angleterre, comme une menace constante, pesante au dessus de la tête de tous les habitants de Londres. Et Cecilia Tallis n'échappait pas à la règle. La guerre lui apportait plus de travail à l'hôpital. Son poste de surveillante commençait à devenir de plus en plus oppressant au fur et à mesure que les salles du EMS se vidaient. Tout le monde savait pour quoi, mais personne ne le formulait à haute voix. Les journaux en faisaient les gros titres mais ils utilisaient toujours une autre formule. Un autre moyen de formuler le mot honteux qui venait dans la bouche de tous quand on pensait à la dernière décision des armées britanniques. Un retirement stratégique. Il fallait être franchement idiot pour ne pas comprendre qu'il s'agissait là d'une retraite, d'un repli. Les soldats britanniques revenaient à la maison parce que la France était déjà perdue. Et tout le monde se précipitait d'aller secourir les braves hommes qui s'étaient battus pour essayer de la défendre. Tout ce qui pouvait flotter avait pris la direction de Dunkerque. Et maintenant, le pays était dans l'attente. Cecilia attendait deux choses de ce retour des troupes. La première était un surplus de travail. Son poste de surveillante lui donnait maintenant des responsabilités qu'elle réussissait à tenir. En temps normal. Elle avait peur d'être surpasser. Que les stagiaires ne soient pas préparés à ce qui les attendaient, une fois que les camions de l'armée auront amené en masse les hommes blessés au front. Elle avait appris à connaître, formé chacune d'entre elle, et ne savait pas si certaines tiendraient le coup. Pourtant il le fallait. Elle le savait, après ce passage difficile, elle ne se verrait plus obliger de les traiter comme des gamines. Elles deviendraient des infirmières, des vraies, vu qu'elles auraient passé l'épreuve du sang. La plus difficile de toute pour devenir une vraie nurse. Celle par laquelle on passait toutes quand on faisait ce métier. Pourtant, même si Cecilia avait voulu les préparer de la meilleure façon, elle ne les sentait pas encore prête. De toute manière, vu que l'arrivée des blessés n'était qu'éminente, seuls les prochains jours pourront affirmer à Cecilia si elle avait juste ou tord. Et la deuxième, la plus importante, était bien sûr qu'un de ses bateaux partis pour le Nord de la France, ramènerait Robbie. Il ne pouvait pas en être autrement aux yeux de la jeune Tallis. Il lui avait promis. Elle lui avait dit de revenir, il le ferait. Parce qu'il l'aimait. Parce qu'elle aimait. Et que les chose ne pouvait se passer de façons différentes. Il rentrerait. Elle ne savait pas encore dans quel état, mais il serait sur l'un de ses -être n'aurait-il même pas besoin de soin, se retrouver dans un centre traitant des vagues de blessés moins importants, et une fois relâchée de cette garde médicale, il viendrait la voir alors qu'elle sortait d'une terrible journée de travail. Ensuite, adviendra que pourra. Elle avait repris espoir depuis quelques mois. Depuis la lettre de Briony pour tout dire. Peut-être, il y avait maintenant une chance, qu'il serait innocenté. Cecilia ne se faisait pas d'illusion, même innocenté, il ne pourrait quitter le corps de l'armée ainsi, surtout en cette période de guerre. Surtout quand Churchill annonçait très clairement que son armée se retirait pour mieux revenir après. Mais peut-être pourrait-il monter en grade. Devenir Caporale et ne plus être un simple soldat qu'on envoyait toujours dans les pires endroits. Ou encore mieux pour le jeune homme, devenir médecin de l'armée, et donc pratiquer la profession qu'il avait rêvé de faire avant que sa sœur ne l'accuse. Cecilia pensait que la situation ne pouvait pas être pire qu'elle ne l'était actuellement, et qu'elle ne pouvait que s'améliorer. Et c'est certainement cette idée qui la fit sortir de son lit, en ce matin du 4 Juin 1940. Comme beaucoup de matins avant celui-là, elle s'était réveillée avant que son réveil ne le fasse, sans pour autant ouvrir les yeux ou sortir de son lit. Elle restait là cinq à dix minutes, à attendre le tintement singulier qui annonçait le début de la journée. Souvent, ses pensées se promenaient dans les souvenirs les plus doux de la canicule de l'été 1935. Elle repensait au vase, à la fontaine, à la bibliothèque et à l'effleurement de leurs doigts lors du dîner. Elle repensait aussi aux cocktails avec son frère, lors de cette fin d'après-midi. Elle n'avait jamais de regrets quand à sa décision de couper les ponts avec sa famille. Mais des fois, une petite voix lui criait dans la tête que Léon lui manquait. Robbie lui en avait parlé aussi. Elle avait essayé de leur expliquer, à tous les deux, la petite voix comme au fils Turner, que Léon s'était avéré être un idiot de suiveur qui n'était pas allé contre sa mère et les accusations de Briony. Tout comme Jack Tallis, père de Cecilia et ancien bienfaiteur de Robbie, il s'était contenté de regarder la scène de loin, sans agir. Et pour ça, la surveillante Tallis lui en voudrait toute sa vie. Cependant, elle savait pertinemment que Léon lui manquait. Elle avait toujours été proche de lui, et souvent, devant ses tentatives à lui de reprendre contact, elle réagissait un peu plus que celles de Briony. Recevoir une lettre de sa jeune sœur la désintéressait totalement, mis à part quand cette dernière parler de rédemption, de retirer son témoignage. Seulement, les essais de Léon lui faisaient plus d'effet et casser presque sa carapace qu'elle avait créé entre elle et sa famille. Mais elle ne lâchait rien, et ne pardonnerait à aucun membre de sa famille, Léon y compris, tant que Robbie ne sera pas totalement en sécurité, sain et sauf, et qu'il pourra, comme il l'avait promis dans sa lettre, vivre à ses côtés. Et encore, quand ce sera fait, jamais elle ne reparlerait à Briony comme avant. Et elle n'avait ni l'envie, ni la force de la fréquenter à nouveau, là où ça la dérangeait pas avec Léon. Peut-être parce qu'elle avait toujours été proche de Léon. Parce qu'il y avait un écart d'âge trop important entre elle et sa jeune soeur. Peut-être parce que Léon n'avait été que spectateur là où Briony était l'actrice principale du sort défavorable et de la chute de Robbie. Dans tous les cas, Cecilia ne pourrait que pardonner Léon. Peut-être le patriarche à la limite, mais jamais au grand jamais, Emily et Briony. Briony pour l'odieux mensonge et Emily pour avoir toujours soutenu tout ce que sa dernière née disait. A ce point-là, ce n'était plus un acte lâche comme son frère, mais aux yeux de Cecilia, les actes de sa mère tout le long du procès de son aimé était une haute trahison. Elle ne pourrait pas faire une croix dessus de si tôt. Et puis, ce n'était pas comme si Emily faisait tant d'effort que ça à reprendre le contact, là où son frère et sa soeur semblaient déterminer à vouloir le faire. Ce fut quelques instants après son réveil que Cecilia sortit de son lit. Ce matin, ce fut avant que le petit objet sur sa table de nuit ne produise le son si peu aimé, qui sortait tant de gens de leurs rêves. Elle souleva les couvertures de son corps, et posa un pied puis l'autre par terre. Sans s'attarder, elle passa tout de suite dans la salle de bain, commença à faire couler un bain, alors que les premiers bruits venant du bas de l'appartement lui arrivait. Mrs Jarvis avait toujours été matinale. Une fois son corps en contact avec l'eau chaude, tous ses muscles se détendirent, et elle se laissa doucement glisser dans le fond de sa baignoire pendant quelques minutes. Quelques minutes de vide, ou même le flot de ses pensées s'arrêta, tandis que seul le brui de l'eau remplissait la pièce d'un son rassurant, une sorte de berceuse. Puis, elle se ressaisit d'un coup, et passa à la vitesse supérieure. Tous les jours c'était le même schéma. Elle se lavait, s'habillait directement de son uniforme de surveillante, déjeunait rapidement en laissant la vaisselle à faire pour le soir, quand elle rentrerait, s'arrêter cinq minutes pour prendre le temps de fumer à la fenêtre, voir que l'heure avait vite tourné, prendre le chemin du métro sans saluer Mrs Jarvis qui devenait de plus en plus désagréable avec le temps, monter dans le premier transport en commun rempli de monde qui la mènerait jusqu'à son lieu de travail. Elle commençait alors son service, arrivant souvent la première, et, le temps d'une matinée, devait vérifier que les stagiaires avaient fait le meilleur travail possible, que tous les malades admis dans son compartiment écoutaient bien les plus jeunes infirmières qui avaient plus de mal à se faire respecter. Souvent, elle avait de la paperasse à faire, et était à plusieurs lieux en même temps, reprenant une jeune nurse à l'ordre à cause des règles d'hygiène, aidant une autre avec un patient un peu trop coriace, passé voir les docteurs pour vérifier que tout allait bien, et enfin, arriver la pause déjeuner. La matinée ne fut ni intéressante, ni productive. Si bien qu'elle pensait que l'après-midi serait tout aussi inutile. Elle allait encore passer plus de son temps à traîner entre les différentes salles plutôt qu'à faire quelque chose de concret. Chose qu'elle détestait. Parce que, quand elle travaillait, elle avait la tête, les idées occupées. Elle ne se concentrait que sur la tâche qu'elle avait à faire et rien d'autre. Pas d'autres perspectives, pas le temps de penser à Léon, pas le temps d'essayer de savoir ce que Robbie faisait, comment il allait, là-haut, si loin d'elle, dans ce pays en guerre. Juste le travail. Sauf qu'en vaquant entre les différents services, en déambulant sans réel but dans les couloirs, en n'ayant aucune réelle activité l'occupant pleinement, elle avait tout le temps de penser à toutes ses choses qui la tracassaient du matin au soir. Si bien que rapidement, même bien avant la pause de midi pour manger, une boule commença à se former dans son estomac. Et le climat de tension et d'attente de l'inévitable qui planait au dessus de l'hôpital se referma sur elle comme un étau. Elle était emprisonnée dans une angoisse qu'elle n'était même pas sûre de définir clairement. Elle ne pouvait dire d'où cette peur panique qui lui tiraillait les entrailles venait vraiment. Tout ce qu'elle savait, c'était qu'elle était bien présente et au fur et à mesure des heures qui défilaient sous son nez, elle grandissait, comme attendant le moment fatidique pour exploser et littéralement réduire ses tripes à néant. Et elle était loin d'être la seule dans cet état. Rebecca Smith, la surveillante d'une autre partie de l'hôpital, étant son amie la plus proche, et la suivant depuis ses début en tant que stagiaire, ne mangeait plus depuis des jours. Il fallait savoir que son compagnon était aussi partie pour le France, quelques mois auparavant, mobilisé comme beaucoup d'autres. Et qu'elle n'avait plus de nouvelles comme beaucoup d'autres (Cecilia y comprit) depuis l'annonce de la retraite, le système de la poste ne fonctionnant plus normalement, en ces périodes de repli. Elle aussi espérait de tout coeur que son cher et tendre revienne dans un bon état de Dunkerque. Sauf qu'elle gérait beaucoup moins bien ce stresse que Cecilia, parce qu'elle doutait plus de la promesse infaillible de son homme de revenir. Cecilia elle, s'y accrochait comme à sa propre vie, et Rebecca savait pertinemment que c'était la seule chose qui empêchait la jeune Tallis de sombrer totalement dans cette angoisse qu'elle n'arrivait pas à gérer elle. Quand elles se retrouvèrent au déjeuner, dans la salle réservée aux infirmières diplômées et surveillantes, étrangement Rebecca était calme, détendue, et elle ne se rongeait plus autant les ongles. Tallis s'approcha doucement d'elle, son ventre la faisant toujours atrocement souffrir de l'intérieur. Son amie tourna son regard vers elle quand elle vint s'asseoir en face. Elle eut un faible sourire et commença une conversation assez rare entre elles, ces derniers temps, vu le surplus de travail : « Matinée plutôt assez calme n'est-ce pas ? - En effet, acquiesça-t-elle d'un rapide geste de la tête. - J'ai rarement eu si peu de travail depuis des mois, sourit Rebecca dans un air évasif. Ça fait du bien, une sorte de pause. - Oh, tu trouves ?, grogna Tallis, elle qui ne s'était jamais sentie aussi mal depuis des mois. J'ai l'impression de ne servir à rien. » L'autre se releva doucement de son siège pour être à la hauteur de Cecilia. Elle ne put retenir un sourire assez béat et idiot et là, la brune devina ce que son amie avait découvert. Elle comprit pourquoi elle était d'humeur si légère et si détendue. Pendant un instant, elle fut soulagée pour elle, en sachant parfaitement que si Rebecca était dans cet état c'était uniquement parce qu'elle avait reçu des nouvelles de son compagnon. Il était en vie, certainement en bonne santé et n'allait pas tarder à rentrer à la maison. Elle n'avait plus d'inquiétude à se faire pour le moment. La voilà sa réelle pause depuis des mois. Sauf qu'elle n'allait pas durer une éternité, Tallis en était sûr. Le retour du compagnon soldat de son amie n'annonçait qu'une seule chose : « Le calme avant la tempête. », murmura Tallis en se penchant vers son amie pour qu'elle soit la seule à l'entendre. Elles échangèrent un bref regard, et le sourire disparu du visage de Rebecca. Son côté surveillante reprit le dessus et elle hocha doucement la tête en annonçant la couleur à Cecilia, toujours en murmurant pour ne pas alarmer les autres filles dans la pièce : « Ecoute Tallis, toute à l'heure j'ai surpris le directeur de l'hôpital parlait avec la surveillante d'une autre section. Avant la fin de l'après-midi, une bonne dizaine de camions de l'armée vont débarquer ici. Les brancards sont déjà prêts et les salles de mon service à moi sont prêtes à les accueillir. Les stagiaires ne seront pas tenus à l'écart ou n'auront pas les tâches de nettoyage et autres. On va avoir besoin de tout le monde ici. Paraît-il qu'on va recevoir le gros de l'évacuation. - C'était sûr, on est un EMS ici, répliqua sèchement Cecilia. - La vieille folle de Mathilde crie à qui veut l'entendre depuis ce matin que tout ce à quoi on pouvait s'attendre ne ressemblerait pas à ce qu'on aurait sous les yeux. Que ce serait mille fois pires. » Le ton si grave employé par Rebecca montré bien le côté dramatique de la chose. Étrangement, la perspective de l'arrivée imminente des camions de l'armée ne dérangeait pas plus que ça Cecilia. Au contraire, elle sera occupée de façon concrète jusqu'au petit matin, et, avec un petit peu de chance elle en oublierait ces tracas qu'elle ne saisisait pas et la douleur au ventre finirait par s'en aller. Quand elle rentrerait au petit matin, elle trouverait peut-être un mot venant de Robbie, lui annonçant qu'il passerait le plus vite possible la voir. Tout comme Rebecca elle serait soulagée, plus légère, plus heureuse, plus détendue. Oui, cet avenir immédiat là lui plaisait bien, il fallait qu'il se réalise : « Tu sais, Tallis, on raconte tellement de choses horribles sur les Stuka. Et il paraît que les éclats d'obus font de tels dégâts sur le corps humain. - La guerre n'est pas là pour nous rendre nos hommes intactes, soupira Tallis. Elle ne fait que tout mutiler sur son passage. Les êtres humains comme la terre. C'est une malédiction. » L'autre hocha de nouveau la tête et elles se séparèrent, brisant leurs échanges murmurés. Elles se remirent à distance normale l'une de l'autre, et finalement la surveillante Smith brisa le silence la première : « Tu n'as pas de ses nouvelles ? - Non, je suis partie précipitamment, je n'ai pas eu le temps de regarder si j'avais du courrier. Et si ça se trouve, cette peste de Mrs Jarvis me l'aurait pris. Aussi fourbe qu'elle est. » Cecilia essayait de se rassurer toute seule. Elle répétait des mots auxquels sont estomacs noués n'arrivaient pas à croire, vu qu'il ne semblait pas se dénouer. Un instant, le regard de Rebecca se voila de doute et même d'une certaines pointe de tristesse. Elle n'avait pas reçu de lettre, ni de mots écrits. Son compagnon, une fois sortie des bateaux et autres camions de convoi, avait sauté sur le téléphone le plus proche. Elle était en plein milieu d'une petite opération de redressement quand le directeur était accouru pour la prévenir d'un appel urgent. Elle s'attendait à tout sauf ça. Si bien qu'à l'entente même de sa voix, reconnaissant ce timbre si doux quand il s'adressait à elle, elle avait fondu en larme. Toute la peur, le stress accumulés les dernières semaines l'avaient quitté. Elle était restée à peine deux minutes avec lui en ligne, le temps qu'il lui dise qu'il allait bien. Qu'il était encore secoué mais qu'il n'avait absolument aucune blessure grave et qu'il l'attendrait ce soir, à la maison. Rebecca ne connaissait pas Robbie. Pas personnellement du moins. Mais son amie lui avait fait tellement de description du jeune homme qu'elle avait l'impression de le fréquenter depuis des années. Elle savait que, tout comme son compagnon à elle, une fois de retour en Angleterre, la première chose qu'il aurait fait, c'était prendre contact avec elle. Peut-être même se jeter sur un téléphone bien avant que son amant à elle. Il y avait tellement de facteurs à ses yeux, pour qu'il ne l'ait pas fait. Peut-être trop malade, trop blessé, trop fatigué. Peut-être qu'effectivement, il avait appelé, mais le directeur ou sa secrétaire n'avaient pas pris le temps de répondre. Ou tout simplement, peut-être n'était-il pas rentré. Rebecca chassa ses idées noires de sa tête, et dit doucement, dans un sourire qui se voulait rassurant : « Tu sais, Tallis, ton Robbie, je ne le connais pas, mais je pense, vu comment tu me le décris si souvent, que c'est un bon garçon. Il veut peut-être te faire une bonne surprise. Je suis persuadée que tu auras bien vite de ses nouvelles. Et que vous serez à nouveau réuni. En plus, avec ta soeur qui veut retirer son témoignage il y a de fortes chances pour que ça s'arrange. Non ? » Cecilia regarda Rebecca, intriguée, qui posait une main rassurante sur son bras, pour lui montrer qu'elle était là en cas de besoin. Elle sourit légèrement, et accepta le contact en serrant la main réconfortante d'une amie, tout en bougeant doucement la tête d'un air serein. Un instant, ses tripes semblèrent même la lâcher, sous les paroles bienveillantes de la surveillante Smith. Cependant, ce ne fut que le temps d'un bref instant, où Cecilia ferma les yeux et imagina Robbie l'attendre juste devant l'appartement, un sourire fixé sur les lèvres et une impatience de la revoir, de la serrer dans ses bras et de lui dire à quel point elle lui avait manqué. Mais quand cette vision s'effaça, son estomac se renoua instantanément, alors que Rebecca enlevait doucement sa main, dans un sourire d'excuse. Puis, elle se releva et dit : « Bon, j'ai encore quelques affaires à préparer et des stagiaires à réprimander. Je te jure, à croire que certaines ne retiennent jamais ce que je dis. - Sois indulgente, Smith, sourit tout aussi doucement Cecilia, quoi qu'un peu plus forcé que son amie. N'oublie qu'on est passé par la même case. - Oh, je ne me souviens pas avoir négligé si sauvagement les règles de propreté et d'hygiène tu sais. » Elles ne purent s'empêcher de partager un petit rire discret qui se répercuta sur les murs de la pièce, avant que Rebecca de lui embrasse les deux joues toujours avec timidité et ne se retourne, disparaissant dans le coin de la porte et laissant Tallis seule avec son mal de ventre et son angoisse croissante. Elle n'eut même pas le courage de terminer son assiette avant de prendre le chemin de son propre service, l'image de Robbie qu'elle avait entre-aperçu quelques minutes avant, bien gravée dans sa tête, seul moteur de motivation pour les heures qui allaient venir. Caporal Nettle. Il ne savait plus exactement pourquoi il était d'humeur si maussade. Il avait perdu toute notion de chose en même temps. Comme tous les hommes qui l'entouraient. Maintenant qu'il était sur un bateau, qu'il avait quitté Dunkerque et les côtes d'une France maintenant presque offerte aux allemands (sans avoir à y retourner dans sa vie, il l'espérait), il ne savait plus pourquoi il existait. Tout était flou. La fatigue jouait un facteur récurant de cette désillusion. Il avait même du mal à se rappeler de comment il s'appelait, de qui il était. Quand soudain, une puissante main le sortit de son espèce de léthargie : « Eh Nettle ! Il est passé où le chef ? » Il se retourna violemment, comme si on l'avait agressé, pour repérer l'immense carrure de Mace, juste au dessus de lui. D'abord abruti par le choc du réveil, il ne sut quoi répondre, parce que les mots et les souvenirs lui manquaient. Le chef ? C'était qui ça ? Et Mace ? Ça faisait un bail qu'il avait disparu. Où était-il passé et pourquoi est-ce qu'il réapparaissait maintenant ? Trop de question dans le cerveau encore embrumé de Nettle : « Oh t'es devenu sourd ou quoi ? - Laisse-moi tranquille cinq minutes tu veux Mace. J'essaie de mettre de l'ordre dans ma foutue caboche. - T'aurais pas trouver une source de vin toi ?, se moqua Mace. La France va bien te manquer pour ça. - Enfoiré, grogna le second en tentant de donner un coup vers Mace, qui évita facilement. » Il s'assit de l'autre et répéta la question : « Bon, où est-ce que tu nous as perdu l'chef Turner ? » Et là, les souvenirs revinrent à Nettle, une fois le nom de Robbie prononcé. Il se rappela alors pourquoi il était d'humeur si maussade. Pourquoi il était à moitié dans le coma depuis le départ. Pourquoi ce sauvetage laissait un goût amer sur sa langue. Il servit un regard désolé à l'autre caporal, et fouilla dans la poche de sa chemise, où il avait mit le paquet de lettre que le jeune Turner tenait fermement dans sa main, même dans sa mort : « Ce petit con nous avait caché qu'il avait un éclat d'obus dans la poitrine. Tu te souviens comment il était tout gris hier soir ? Il a pas tenu la nuit. On s'est mis à ta recherche, mais on t'a pas retrouvé. Et comme il faisait tard, on est passé devant une cave où il y avait des réfugiés. Il s'est endormi et à un moment il arrêtait pas de crier. J'peux te dire que ça a pas fait plaisir aux gars qui dormaient. Alors je lui ai dit de la fermer, en lui ramenant les nouvelles que j'avais vu en allant pisser. Qu'on partait ce matin à 7h. Alors il m'a demandé de le réveiller avant 7h. Il s'est rendormi. Et ce matin j'ai pas réussi à le réveiller. » Mace encaissa le choc d'un coup, par un juron qui sortit presque automatiquement de sa bouche. Nettle monta les lettres au visage de son camarade et rajouta, plus doucement, comme si c'était un secret : « J'ai pas trop lu parce que ça se fait pas, mais y'a une nénette qui l'attend à Londres. J'ai pas spécialement envie qu'elle reçoive cette misérable lettre du gouvernement. - Tu comptes aller la voir ? - J'sais pas trop... Pas spécialement envie de me retrouver avec une nana en larme sur les bras. Mais bon... - En même temps, ce crétin aurait pu le dire pour se faire soigner. - Ouais mais t'as pas entendu l'ordre du marin triple andouille ? Ils laissaient les blessés derrière. - C'est pour ça que la moitié des hommes ici sont mourants. » La dernière déclaration du caporal Mace laissa un blanc dans la conversation. Nettle en profita pour ranger les lettres à leur nouvelle place, et soupira doucement. Son camarade finit par demander : « Et tu l'as laissé là-haut ? - Tu voulais que je fasse quoi en même temps ? Y'a pas de place pour des cadavres ici. » Et la réalité de la guerre les frappa. Oui, il n'y avait pas de place pour les morts. A peine assez pour les vivants. Mais ce qui les attristait le plus c'était qu'il aurait pu y arriver. Qu'il y était presque : « Et qu'est-ce que je vais dire à la midinette moi ?, soupira Nettle en frottant ses yeux fatigués, comme pour se réveiller. Il m'a laissé dans une bonne affaire tiens. - Surtout qu'on est pas très malins dans l'histoire. On s'est même pas rendus compte qu'il était blessé. - Ouais mais il cachait bien son jeu aussi. » Il avait le moral à zéro, mais c'était compréhensible. La fatigue, le deuil, l'angoisse de se voir déjà retourner sur un champ de bataille, alors qu'il n'était même pas encore rentrer, tout ça jouer sur ses nerfs déjà bien instables. Il avait envie d'envoyer tout balader, comme ses chaussures qui lui faisait si mal, ou sa capote si encombrante que Turner l'avait obligé à garder. Mais maintenant, il n'en aurait plus besoin, non ? Cecilia Tallis. Jamais une journée ne parut aussi longue et chargé à la surveillante Tallis. Si elle avait commencé avec lenteur, et même presque désespoir, l'arrivée en masse des patients rentrant directement du front, avait échauffé les esprits et les corps d'un seul coup, et l'hôpital passa de trois quart vides à 100% plein. Il y avait des lits de rajouter de partout, tout le temps. L'agitation était palpable, constante. Pas une seule minute de répit pour les braves infirmières, médecins, garçons de salle et tout le personnel de l'établissement s'affairait dans une tâche qui semblait insurmontable. C'était la première vague d'arrivée la plus grave. On défaisait les pansements, on désinfectait les blessures, si besoin on refaisait les points de coutures fait à vif sur le champ de bataille même. Les blessés les plus grave passés sur le billard. On amputait, on essayait de refaire. On hydratait les brûlés, on enlevait les éclats d'obus de chaque partie du corps. Bras, jambes, ventre, parfois même tête, rien n'était épargné. Cecilia se donnait tellement à fond dans son travail que ses espérances de la matinée furent comblés. Pas à un seul moment, elle n'eut le temps de penser à son mal de ventre, qui disparut aussi vite que le premier patient arriva entre ses mains expertes. Elle se battait sur absolument tous les fronts, couvrant le plus de salle qu'elle pouvait. Elle rassurait les stagiaires, leur montrait le geste à faire quand il y avait de l'hésitation, les envoyait faire de nouvelles tâches quand une était finie, ne leur laissait jamais le temps de réfléchir à ce qu'elles étaient réellement en train de faire. L'objectif était simple, réparait le plus de corps mutilés, tout en essayant d'éviter plus de douleurs. Certaines pertes semblaient inévitables, mais on devait rapidement passer à autre chose et le lit d'un patient mort redevenait vide et laissait la place à un autre blessé qui devait être soigné dans les plus brefs délais. C'était une organisation chaotique, mais qui restait cohérente. Tout le monde oubliait ce qu'il savait sur le corps humain. Tout le monde oubliait ce qu'il avait appris sur les blessures graves. Tout était dévoilé aux yeux de tous. Os, organes, sang, du sang en abondance. Les amputation devenaient de plus en plus fréquentes, mais le pire restait les grands brûlés et les gueules cassées. Certaines infirmières ne tenaient pas le coup. D'autres ne perdaient pas face, même quand elle se retrouvait seule. Beaucoup avait besoin de rendre ce qu'elles avaient encore dans l'estomac pour pouvoir fournir un travail réellement performant. D'autres encore, Cecilia le savait, ne serait plus jamais les mêmes après cet épisode. Après l'épreuve du sang. Certaines deviendraient d'inflexibles infirmières, prêtes à tout et ne flanchant jamais. Mais d'autres abandonneront peut-être cette idée, ce diplôme, cette voie, se rendant compte qu'elles n'étaient pas assez forte mentalement pour soutenir un spectacle pareil. Elle ne pouvait s'empêcher de faire des rondes dans les salles en cherchant un nom, un seul. Sauf qu'elle ne le trouvait jamais. Elle se répétait toujours les mêmes phrases, qu'il y avait tant d'homme à être rentré, qu'il y avait tant d'hôpital de perquisitionner, qu'il pouvait bien se trouver dans un autre établissement, peut-être même à l'autre bout de la ville, mais n'avoir aucune nouvelle la rendait complètement folle. Heureusement qu'elle pouvait rarement se concentrer pleinement là-dessus, parce que les blessés, les stagiaires, l'organisation bancale de son service lui prenaient une bonne partie de ses pensées. Mais elle savait qu'une fois rentrée chez elle l'image d'un Robbie, perdu loin d'elle, lui apparaîtrait constamment. Comme chaque nuit depuis le début de la guerre. Et cette perspective l'angoissait encore plus que de devoir aller réveiller un amputé multiple de son anesthésie. Ce qui la rassurait par contre, c'était que la fatigue ne semblait pas vouloir la gagner, qu'elle avait encore de l'énergie à revendre et que, quand la crise qui semblait se terminer aux petites heures du matin, serait bien finie, elle prendrait bien attention à ce que chaque fille ait quitté l'hôpital, elle repasserait une nouvelle fois les noms des patients de son service et elle prendrait le premier métro en direction de son appartement à Balham passerait dans l'entrée sans dire le moindre mot à Mrs Jarvis et là, elle pourrait se perdre dans l'angoisse. Seulement, elle se disait que la situation n'allait pas rester éternellement comme ça. Robbie finirait bien par refaire surface à un moment ou un autre. Dans les jours à venir. Et sa vie reprendrait un cours plus ou moins normal. Du moins, c'était tout ce qu'elle espérait. Il était six heures du matin quand la dernière stagiaire quitta le service de la surveillante Tallis. Il n'y avait presque plus aucun bruit dans l'hôpital. Les couloirs étaient vides. Dehors, par les grandes vitres recouvertes de sacs de sables, on pouvait y apercevoir le début d'un lever de soleil. 24h que Cecilia Tallis était debout, sans flanchée, pas une seule fois. Comme promis, elle fit une dernière fois le tour de son service avant d'enlever son tablier, maintenant devenu inutilisable et de le mettre à laver, dans la salle spéciale. Puis, elle prit le chemin de la sortie d'un pas lent et mal assurée. En passant devant les autres salles elle remarqua que tout le monde était dans la même situation, et l'avait vécu de la même façon. Elle s'arrêta cinq minutes près du service que Rebecca supervisait, et, trouvant une stagiaire en pleure, l'aida à se relever et la prit par le bras. Les filles de son étage à elle avaient toutes fait face à l'adversité avec une détermination presque féroce et un calme professionnel digne des infirmières. Elle avait tenu à toutes les féliciter avant de les relâcher pour leur donner leurs heures de début, le lendemain. Mais ça n'avait pas été de la même façon partout : « Allez, relève-toi, ne reste pas comme ça. » Cecilia se pencha pour voir le badge de la jeune infirmière et l'appela doucement par le nom qu'elle trouva : « C'est fini maintenant Nurse Monty. Le plus gros de la catastrophe est passé. Des choses comme ça ne se reproduiront plus. » La pauvre jeune femme était tellement secouée qu'elle n'arrivait même pas à répondre aux paroles rassurantes de la surveillante d'un autre service, maintenant bienveillante à son égard : « Tu vas rentrer chez toi, continua Cecilia en la poussant vers la sortie qu'elles emprunteraient toutes les deux en même temps. Tu vas faire couler un bon bain, tu vas te glisser sous tes draps et tu vas passer une bonne nuit. Si bonne que demain tu seras en pleine forme pour t'occuper à nouveau de ses soldats. Eux ont connu l'horreur, Nurse Monty. Eux ont besoin de soutien, de pilier. Et nous sommes là pour ça. - Est-ce que vous avez un homme qui était sur le front, Soeur Tallis ? », demanda finalement la jeune infirmière entre deux sanglots. La question prit complètement Cecilia au dépourvu, la faisant s'arrêter sur place. Elle comprit alors que ce n'était pas pour toute cette charcuterie de cette nuit qu'elle pleurait. Mais pour quelque chose d'autre, un chagrin bien plus profond qui ne disparaitrait pas avec un bon bain et une bonne nuit de sommeil : « Oui, répondit simplement Tallis. - Est-ce qu'il est rentré Soeur Tallis ? Est-ce que vous savez s'il va bien ? S'il est en sécurité ? Si des gens prennent soin de lui comme j'ai pris soin de ces hommes ce soir ? » Cecilia voulut répondre, lui dire de ne pas perdre espoir, que si elle restait sans nouvelles ce n'était pas une si mauvaise chose. Lui répéter tous les mots qu'elle s'était déjà répétée à elle-même. Mais les mots restèrent bloquée dans sa gorge en même temps que son estomac se nouait à nouveau. Cette jeune Nurse était dans la même situation qu'elle. Ce qui rendait étrangement Cecilia incroyablement malade. Peut-être était-ce dû au fait que ses intestins soient complètement renversés par la peur, ou qu'elle ait très peu mangé durant toute cette journée, mais Tallis fut prise d'une violente envie de vomir, qu'elle dut réprimer dans un haut-le-cœur qui se voulait discret. Elle chercha ses mots, des phrases rassurantes à prononcer pour inciter la jeune femme à ne pas perdre espoir. Mais rien ne vint. Et heureusement pour elle, son amie de toujours arriva pile à ce moment, et alarmée par les larmes de la jeune stagiaire sous son service, la surveillante Smith accourue vers eux : « Nurse Monty ! Vous avez rencontré un problème ? - Sœur Smith... !, voulut se justifier la plus jeune, prenant peur d'une réprimande. - Ce n'est rien Smith, la rassura doucement Cecilia. Ta jeune stagiaire me faisait juste part de ses inquiétudes. La journée a été longue pour tout le monde. » Rebecca hocha doucement la tête et aida Tallis à relever la jeune femme : « Dîtes-vous bien, Nurse Monty, qu'après cette journée, le pire est derrière vous... - Non, ce n'est pas ça Sœur Smith..., essaya de reprendre constance Monty. C'est juste que... - Elle est dans l'attente de nouvelles des autres sauvés, expliqua Cecilia d'une voix calme. - Oh... je vois..., déclara Rebecca d'une voix qui se voulait plus douce. Demain, je peux vous donner votre après-midi, si vous me promettez de revenir pour la garde de nuit. Vous aurez ainsi le loisir d'aller faire un tour dans les autres hôpitaux de la ville pour voir si votre compagnon s'y trouve. » Le regard de la jeune infirmière s'illumina d'un seul coup alors qu'elle remercia vivement la surveillante de son service. Cecilia reconnut là l'air et le ton bienveillant d'une mère. Rebecca en serait une excellente. Une bien meilleure qu'elle. Une bien meilleure qu'Emily. Et la jeune Tallis était heureuse pour son amie que son compagnon soit rentré en bonne santé. Ce serait peut-être même sa seule bonne nouvelle de la journée. Parce que quand Cecilia rentra chez elle, ce matin-là, aux aurores, elle ne trouva ni lettre, ni Robbie devant son appartement. Mais juste l'acerbe et désagréable Mrs Jarvis. Et, pour ne pas changer dans la monotonie de cette familière vision, les doux souvenirs d'une chaude canicule d'un été en 1935... Briony Tallis. « Le plus dur est passé. » C'était ce que racontait la surveillante Drummond. C'était ce qu'on pouvait entendre dans la bouche de tout le monde. Le pire était maintenant derrière eux. Il n'y avait plus que des petits accidents mineurs. Plus de problèmes à la vue des blessés. Mais des plaintes venant des soldats et des fois, encore, des annonces assez morbides. Mais tout cela était bien léger comparé à la vague qui avait frappé l'hôpital lors de cette première épreuve \"du sang\", comme aimait l'appelait la surveillante Drummond. Maintenant, elles n'étaient plus des stagiaires. Elles avaient fait face aux pires. Plus rien ne les empêcherait à avoir leur diplôme. Du moins, c'était ce qu'on racontait. Mais Briony était encore si profondément bouleversée par sa discussion avec le jeune soldat français, qu'elle n'arrivait plus à se vider la tête comme elle le faisait avant. A chaque fois qu'elle passait devant ce lit où elle lui avait tenu la main jusqu'à son dernier souffle, et qu'elle y voyait un nouveau patient, elle ne pouvait s'empêcher de repenser à son sourire timide, à ses divagations, mais aussi et surtout, de sa famille qui attendait des nouvelles en France. Savait-elle déjà qu'il ne reviendrait pas ? Pourront-ils recevoir son corps pour lui donner une vraie sépulture ? Autant de questions qui restaient sans réponses. En plus de cela, un nouveau sentiment qu'elle croyait avoir éteint en rejoignant l'hôpital, avait refait son apparition. La culpabilité. Parce qu'elle ne savait pas si, dans ce tas de soldat revenu à moitié mort, à moitié vivant, il y avait eu Robbie. Bien sûr, elle s'était imaginée une bonne paire de fois lors de cette longue nuit de service, essuyé le visage rempli de saleté et de quelques petites blessures d'un soldat, reconnaître, les beaux traits si familiers du fils Turner, le soignait avec précaution, implorait son pardon, et le rendre à sa sœur. Sauf que ce n'était uniquement que dans ses pensées que ça se passait comme ça. Elle savait qu'il y avait d'autres hôpitaux qui avaient été \"emprunté\" par le gouvernement pour soigner les blessés. Elle savait qu'il y avait un pourcentage énorme pour qu'il ait été transféré ailleurs, voir même rentré sans trop de blessure donc sans être obligé de passer par la case \"urgence\". Mais une voix, celle qui prenait tout le temps le dessus depuis sa \"faute\" lui criait constamment qu'il était mort. Qu'elle l'avait tué. Terminant son service en même temps que Fiona, ce jour-là, Briony prit le temps de faire face à se spires démons. Elle ne pouvait plus se permettre de vivre comme ça. Elle avait juste besoin d'une nouvelle, d'un mot \"vivant\" pour aller mieux, et si ce mot ne venait pas à elle, elle irait à lui. Elle stoppa son ami dans le hall de l'accueil juste avant la sortie, lui demandant de l'attendre. Quelques soldats étaient assis là, attendant le permis de sortir, ou un camarade, peu importait. Elle salua poliment la secrétaire, et demanda si elle avait les registres des autres patients répartis partout dans Londres : « Je peux m'arranger pour trouver quelques renseignements, si vous me donnez un nom de famille et un numéro de plaque. - Eh bien..., hésita Briony. J'ai un nom et un prénom, mais pas le numéro de plaque... - Ça va poser problème, mais dîtes toujours. - Turner, Robbie Turner. » Et ce fut l'instant le plus angoissant, long et interminable de la vie de Briony. Jamais elle ne connut pareil attente de sa vie, jamais elle ne trouva le temps si long. Alors que la secrétaire fouillait dans la centaine de feuille qu'elle avait sur son bureau, la jeune nurse retenait son souffle dans l'espoir d'une seule et unique réponse, l'espoir d'un seul mot : \"vivant\". Seulement, l'expression affichait par la secrétaire lorsqu'elle releva le regard vers elle, éleva la plus grande peur que Briony n'eut jamais ressenti. Et son souffle se bloqua : « Je suis désolée, je n'ai rien trouvé. - Ce n'est pas grave, bégaya-t-elle un peu trop rapidement à son goût. Merci d'avoir essayé. » Elles échangèrent un bref signe de tête, avant que Briony ne se retourne, blanche comme le linge, et avança d'un pas mal assuré vers Fiona, qui avait maintenant une expression inquiète. Mais Briony continuait de relativiser. Rien n'était officiel, et si le mot \"vivant\" n'était pas sorti, celui \"mort\" non plus. Il y avait encore de l'espoir. Espoir brisé en quelques secondes par un des soldats qui attendaient là, et qui avait entendu, un peu contre son gré, le nom du soldat que la jeune Tallis cherchait. Il se leva, son nouveau bandeau à l'oeil bien mis sur sa tête, et partit à la poursuite de Briony. Il la héla pour qu'elle se retourne, chose qu'elle fit avec une lenteur presque extrême : « Excusez-moi madame, mais je n'ai pas pu m'empêcher d'écouter votre conversation avec la secrétaire. » Briony fut d'abord impressionnée par l'imposante carrure de l'homme qui se trouvait en face d'elle, mais ses paroles furent comme un profond réveil pour elle. Non, l'espoir ne mourrait jamais, pas dans le monde de Briony : « Vous cherchez un certain Turner n'est-ce pas ? - Oui, Robbie Turner, se lança-t-elle, sentant l'espoir remonté à son cerveau comme l'adrénaline. Il n'est pas très grand, brun, avec de grands et beaux yeux bleus. Si vous le connaissez, vous ne pouvez l'oublier. » Le soldat sembla faire la même grimace que la secrétaire ce qui déstabilisa Briony, un bref instant, la faisant perdre presque son équilibre sur sa jambe droite, son pied du même côté étant martyrisé par l'ampoule à cause des chaussures trop petites pour elle : « Ecoutez, je ne sais pas quel lien vous aviez avec le chef Turner, mais ne vous attendez pas à le voir revenir ma petite mademoiselle. » L'information mit un certain temps pour arriver au cerveau de Briony. La voix du soldat sembla sonnée comme creux dans ses oreilles, devenues sourdes à toute source de bruit. Une fois que la phrase arriva à destination, il fallut analyser chacun des mots pour être bien sûr de sa compréhension. Et enfin, arriva le choc qui allait avec ce genre de déclaration : « Co...comment ?, chercha-t-elle à savoir, pour détourner l'attention de ses propres yeux qui commençaient à l'irriter à cause de ses larmes. - Je n'en sais pas plus parce que je n'étais pas là, mais cherchez le caporale Nettle, il pourra tout vous dire. Vous êtes Cecilia Tallis ? » \"Nettle\", pensa Briony. \"Voilà un nom que je ne dois pas oublier\". Sa dernière question la prit au dépourvu et elle fronça légèrement les sourcils, en faisant papillonner ses paupières le plus rapidement possible pour oublier l'irritation de ses yeux qui devenait insupportable. Sa gorge se serra et les mots prononcés étaient comme étouffés entre ses cordes vocales nouées ce qui donna une profondeur de vérité à la scène, alors qu'elle était en train de mentir : « Oui... oui, c'est moi. - Je suis désolée pour l'chef Turner, mamzelle Tallis. C'était un type bien. » \"C'était\". Briony ferma les yeux, elle ne pouvait pas perdre pied maintenant. Elle acquiesça doucement en descendant la tête, regardant ses pieds pour essayer de cacher ses larmes. Il décida alors ce moment pour la saluer, croyant avoir fait son devoir de camarade. Il lui fit ses plus sincères condoléances et lui apporta un léger soutien en lui tapotant l'épaule. Ce qui eut l'effet de répugner encore plus Briony envers sa propre personne. Elle se rendait compte qu'elle avait condamné une personne honnête, le faisant emprisonné dans l'horreur de la prison, et le laissant mourir dans le désespoir de la guerre. Mais en plus, elle recevait des gestes de condoléances et de soutiens, qui étaient destinés à sa soeur, personne qui devait, actuellement, souffrir le martyr. Mace se retira, et Fiona put avancer jusqu'à Briony, qui n'avait pas le courage de bouger plus. Le contact des mains de son amie sur son corps fut comme un électrochoc. Briony releva la tête d'un coup, essuya les traces d'un quelconque larme qui avait pu couler, et se tourna vers Fiona : « Rentrons. » Ce fut clair, simple, concis, sans appel. Fiona ne chercha pas à en savoir plus, parce que Briony la dépassait déjà, dans la direction de la sortie. Une fois le doux vent au contact de sa peau, Briony s'autorisa une pause de quelques secondes, où elle laissa la nature ébouriffer ses cheveux. Dans un sens, elle espérait que le vent venant du sud lui rapportait ce sentiment si cher qui la maintenant debout depuis quelques années : l'espoir. Mais rien n'y fit. Et elle se répéta encore et encore un verdict devenu réel maintenant. A cause de sa bêtise, de sa soi-disante maturité et de son imagination débordante, elle était responsable de la séparation de deux êtres qui s'aimaient profondément. Et par sa propre faute, trois vies ont basculé dans le noir du désespoir. Le pas chancelant sous le poids de sa misère et de sa peine, mais aussi à cause de ses ampoules, Briony tituba le plus rapidement qu'elle put, dans les rues de Londres, vers son logement, essayant de ramener à elle le flux de larmes qui l'assiégeait et de calmer sa respiration saccader, à cause des sanglots malheureux qui la prenaient. Pendant tout le trajet, le mot \"mort\" résonna dans sa tête, alors que celui \"vivant\" restait suspendu à ses lèvres, sortant de temps à autres de sa cage, comme si la prononciation de ce mot tant attendu aller tout régler et faire revenir Robbie vivant. Celui qui avait un jour dit que l'espoir ne mourrait jamais, était un parfait idiot aux yeux de Briony. Parce qu'elle se tenait maintenant devant la tombe de ce qu'elle avait pu un jour appelé \"plus beau sentiment du monde\", alors que le mot vivant resterait à jamais en suspend au dessus de sa tête. Quelques mois plus tard, Cecilia Tallis. Londres se faisait maintenant bombardé. Et elle était bloquée entre des centaines d'autres personnes, dans un tunnel de métro, comptant les bombes qui tombaient sur la capitale londonienne. Mais plus rien n'avait d'importance aux yeux de Cecilia. Ses souvenirs des derniers mois étaient flous, obscurs, comme si sa mémoire voulait les effacer. Elle se contentait de vivre du jour au lendemain, en se demandant bien ce qui la maintenait encore en vie. A lire, relire et encore relire les lettres de Robbie, seule chose qui l'empêchait de sombrer. Elle avait l'impression, en lisant ses mots, d'entendre sa voix, au loin. Elle le voyait encore fier dans son costume. Elle le voyait beau et jeune, dans le fleur de l'âge, sous la chaleur caniculaire de cet été 35. Elle l'entendait la rassurer, lui dire qu'il reviendrait. Pourtant, ceci n'était qu'un souvenir lointain. Il fallait croire que la promesse qu'il lui avait faite n'avait pas été suffisante pour le ramener vivant. Cecilia ne se souvenait plus exactement de comment elle s'était retrouvée au milieu du trottoir de Balham, avec un jeune Caporale devant elle, lui tendant les lettres qu'elle LUI avait écrites, et s'excusant pour la mort de Robbie. A l'instant, tout avait semblé si irréel. Elle avait pris les lettres avec hésitation, en avait scrutait les moindres rebords en se disant qu'il devait bien exister un autre Robbie Turner qui était parti à la guerre et une autre Cecilia Tallis qui l'attendait. Son Robbie à elle ne pouvait pas être mort. Ça ne pouvait pas être possible. Puis, elle avait basculé doucement dans un trou profond dont elle ne ressortirait jamais. Elle gardait les lettres de Robbie partout avec elle, comme une ultime présence de l'être aimé. C'était donc tout naturellement qu'elle les avait là. Et entre deux sursauts du jeune garçon couché sur sa jambe à cause des violents \"boom!\" des explosion, elle les sortit de sa poche, et caressa doucement le papier comme pour se rassurer. Mais de toute manière, cela avait-il encore une quelconque importance ? L'être qu'elle chérissait le plus sur cette terre, avait rejoint un autre monde, que Cecilia aimait à s'imaginer plus beau, plus grand, plus ensoleillé, rempli de champs, de cottages au bord de la mer. Un monde sans guerre, sans mort, sans douleur. Un monde où il l'attendait pour qu'ils vivent enfin tous les deux le bonheur qu'ils méritaient. Et c'était pour ça que la Terre ressemblait maintenant à un enfer. Mais il n'aimerait pas qu'elle ait de telle pensée. La venue du caporale Nettle l'avait perturbé toute sa journée de travail, et elle s'était confiée, sans verser la moindre larme (encore trop sous le choc pour ça) à Rebecca, qui lui avait promis de rester à ses côtés en cas de besoin. Et c'était seulement une fois seule dans l'obscurité de sa chambre, couchée dans son lit, qui avait des allures d'étrangers, les lettres posées à quelques centimètres de sa tête, et ayant comme seul champ de vision, ses souvenirs, que les émotions la submergèrent. D'abord, le choc, puis la douleur, accompagnée de pleurs et de violents sanglots, la haine qu'elle eût envers le monde entier, Briony la première. Les jours qui suivirent, elle accepta petit à petit le décès de son amant. Mais elle continuait à lire et relire inlassablement les lettres, comme dernière trace de Robbie sur terre. Comme s'il était encore là, à côté d'elle, avec son petit sourire arrogant, ses yeux rieurs, et son air un peu désinvolte. Se coupant brusquement de la réalité, comme si rien n'avait de sens. Un sursaut plus fort chez le petit garçon, un \"boom!\" qui retentit trop près, un cri apeuré par le bruit soudain, tout cela ramena Cecilia à une réalité qui allait bientôt l'emporter vers l'être aimé. Ainsi, elle serra avec plus de conviction les lettres, où elle put lire les derniers mots de la dernière qu'il lui avait envoyé. Ses mots qui la faisaient vivre, qui empêchaient son coeur de s'arrêter, qui avait garder l'espoir au chaud pendant de si longs mois : \"The story can resume. I will return. Find you, love you, marry you, and live without shame.\" Un mensonge qui cachait une douloureuse vérité bien difficile à accepter, mais un mensonge qui avait un goût si doux, si sucré sur la langue de Cecilia. Elle releva la tête au second tremblement. On entendit le bruit de l'eau, et tout le monde retint son souffle. Et Cecilia attendit. Attendit comme la décharge venant de son cerveau que c'était le moment qui mettrait fin à sa vie. Est-ce que Robbie avait aussi ressenti ça ? Elle était si proche de la mort, et la tension palpable dans tout le tunnel lui confirmait qu'elle n'était pas la seule, qu'elle voyait déjà sa vie défilait sous ses yeux. Maintenant, alors qu'elle était prête à franchir le tunnel, elle revoyait surtout, comme d'habitude l'été 35. Elle n'aurait jamais pu pardonner à Briony. Mais elle ne ressentait plus de haine pour elle. Reviens Briony, ce n'est qu'un mauvais rêve. Reviens-moi. Tout cela avait-il encore de l'importance ? Non, parce qu'elle partait enfin retrouver Robbie. Briony avait fait une erreur, l'erreur de trop. Alors ce ne serait plus \"Reviens-moi\", parce que plus rien ne pourrait revenir pour Cecilia. Quand l'eau arriva en masse dans le tunnel, condamnant tous ses occupants, elle se releva un peu plus, accueillant sa mort comme une vieille amie. Le contact de l'eau violente sur sa peau ne la fit pas lâcher prise sur les lettres. Comme si elle avait tenu la main Robbie, alors qu'il avait plongé dans le long sommeil éternel. Non, ce ne serait plus \"Reviens-moi.\" A partir de maintenant, c'était \"Attends-moi\". Finalement, Briony avait-elle eu raison ? Dans sa quête de rédemption, elle avait perdu l'espoir. Mais était-il totalement disparu ? Parti à jamais de sa vie ? Elle relativisait souvent, en se disant que peut-être, même sans l'erreur grave qu'elle avait commise, la guerre aurait aussi emportait Robbie. Que peut-être Cecilia se serait retrouvée quand même dans le métro de Balham. Qui savait à l'avance de quoi l'avenir était fait ? Personne. Elle avait juste poussé, donné un petit coup au destin. Ce n'était pas la seule histoire tragique de la deuxième guerre mondiale. Il y avait eu d'autres Cecilia Tallis, attendant désespérément le retour d'autres Robbie Turner. Mais à quoi cela servait-il de raconter une énième histoire aussi dramatique aux lecteurs. Briony, durant la dure année 40 n'avait cherché qu'à expier un crime d'enfance. Chose qu'elle n'avait jamais réussi à faire autrement qu'en espérant. Même en écrivant la scène où les amants partageaient ce lit à Balham, elle n'avait pas poussé jusqu'à se faire pardonner. Parce que les conséquences de sa faute étaient impardonnables. Conséquences poussant à ce tragique destin pour Cecilia Tallis et Robbie Turner. Mais ce n'était pas parce que l'espoir était mort en elle, qu'il devait mourir dans le coeur de ses lecteurs. Elle voulait donner une leçon par l'expérience qu'elle avait eu, certes, mais aussi en réchauffant le coeur de ses lecteurs. Pendant toute la lecture de la deuxième partie, celle de Robbie sur les champs de batailles français, le lecteur éprouvera la même angoisse que Cecilia ou Briony ou des milliers d'autres femmes ont ressenti à l'époque. Mais en voyant Briony se confier aux jeunes amants, ils seront soulagés de les voir ensemble. Et il n'y avait pas de fin en soi, pas de fin pour l'histoire des amants. Dans son bouquins, Briony avait fait une fin ouverte, se terminant sur les amants, heureux et surtout ensemble. Tant qu'il y avait des gens pour lire le livre, pour penser à cette fin ouverte, les amants prospéreraient. Et l'espoir continuerait à vivre. \" I'm very very sorry, for the terrible distress that I have caused. I'm verry verry sorry. \" - Briony Tallis. (petite précision : les Stuka sont les avions allemands de l'époque, qui se sont \"amusés\" à bombarder les troupes lors de la retraire à Dunkerque. Je ne sais plus si c'est mentionné dans le film ou pas) Voilà, voilà :) C'était un OC qui me trottait dans la tête depuis quelques mois, depuis la relecture du bouquin en fait. Je devais le mettre par écrit, parce que sinon, je serais morte de frustration. Comme je l'ai dit, l'histoire me tient vraiment à coeur, et me prend aux tripes, si bien que j'ai pleuré à en écrivant la dernière partie de Cecilia. Oui, je suis fleur bleue, vous pouvez le dire. Briony ADULTE (je précise bien) est mon personnage préféré (avec Robbie). J'éprouve beaucoup de compassion dans ses essais de se racheter, et je trouve sa mentalité finale, celle au bord de la mort, très belle, et son choix très beau, ce qui me pousse à oublier son caractère absolument détestable d'enfants. Souvent, j'ai même l'impression que ce sont deux persos différents. Qu'on soit d'accord, jamais Cecilia ou Robbie n'auraient pu lui pardonner, elle le dit elle-même en écrivant une scène où elle se confesse de ses fautes, mais à aucun moment on ne voit Cecilia ou Robbie faire un geste vers elle pour la pardonner de son geste. Finalement, j'avais un rendu assez centré sur l'espoir, à la fin du visionnage du film, avec cette belle dernière phrase \" I'll give them their happiness \". Après, je me suis demandée comment les deux Tallis avaient vécu le choc de la mort de Robbie. Vu qu'il y a pas mal de mois entre la mort de Robbie et celle de Cecilia, elle a eu largement le temps d'apprendre la nouvelle. Comme dans le film, avant de remonter la couverture sur le corps mort de Robbie, Nettle récupère les lettres, je me suis dit que peut-être, la vérité pourrait venir de lui. Et le fait que Briony l'apprenne si tôt expliquerait aussi pourquoi elle n'a pas eu le courage d'aller voir sa soeur, ce jour-là. Parce qu'elle était trop lâche pour assumer les nouvelles conséquences de son acte, qui l'assaillaient à peine. En bref, j'espère que ça vous a plu. Je ne prétends pas avoir le génie de McEwan, mais les personnes ayant vu le film et lu le bouquin pourrait facilement comprendre. Pour ceux qui suivent La Rose Ecarlate je reviens bientôt, c'est promis. Je dois juste encore revoir quelques chapitres et surtout réécrire une nouvelle fois le premier, parce qu'il ne me convient absolument pas (ça doit faire la troisième fois que je le réécris en entier ce chapitre) De plus cet OC m'a pris un temps titanesque donc je n'ai pas trop eu de temps pour cette histoire là. A bientôt - La Femme Invisible. ","Summary":" Disclaimer : Rien ne m'appartient tout va à Ian McEwan pour l'histoire de base et à Joe Wright pour"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Pearly Gates Of The Sea","Author":"CassidyTVNut","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5842085","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pearly Gates of the Sea A little one shot that I had to write for my GCSE English Coursework. Hope you like it. My head is aching, my mouth is dry and my breathing is laboured. The sweet sea air reaches me through the gentle wind that swayed through the trees. It reawakens a long-lost feeling within me, and my jagged breathing starts to even. For a split second, I stop; taking in the sea air and letting it wash over me, like the waves of the sea I was so desperate to reach. I start to run. Almost suddenly, the world seems so much brighter (and as this happens, a weight lifts off me). I run faster with each passing second, the freshness of the crisp green grass under my feet and my heart pounding in time with my paces. After what feels like a lifetime, I finally reach the top. This was the moment. Prepare the welcoming committee, because I'm coming home! Nothing could prepare me for what I saw. Nothing could cushion the fall I had made from the rawest, purest joy; the sweeter than sugar joy I was experiencing a matter of seconds ago. The joy of running up that hill. The raw joy of returning home to my beloved Cecelia. Joy was destroyed, false hope evident and the presence of dreams dashed. It was like something out of the Bible; Judgement Day. The men on the beach were backlogged, waiting at the pearly gates of the sea, the once scenic ocean pointing to home. This was the moment. The moment it dawned on me. I probably wouldn't get home, to where my heart lies with Cecelia. All I have to do now is wait. BANG! Then nothing; silence. BANG! There's that gaping silence again! 'That's not right,' I heard a voice say, in a perturbed and confused voice. I gazed towards my left (absent mindedly) to see what was occurring, what had made my friend talk that way? And there I saw it; with my own tired eyes. Horses. Nothing too strange about that, except the tragedy that was happening to the poor creatures. They were being shot in the head, falling to the floor to die. What got to me the most was the manner in which they stared death in the face. Unknowing of what was to come. And the way they descended to the ground with such grace, even though their blessed God-given lives were rapidly slipping away. The colour drained from my face and I developed an ashen grey hue. We're never going to get home, are we? I wander aimlessly around the picturesque, seaside, postcard destination turned war zone and waiting room for the damned. It must've been superb here, a calm place for families; a place of serenity and togetherness. It's certainly not serene anymore, although 300,000 men are all here; stuffed together, set to fall like dominoes. This could count as warped togetherness, if you look at it through desperate eyes My eyes glossed over as I contemplated my future. Or lack there of. A vague outline of words reached out to me along the decimated beach. The music was sombre; but men of all ages, races, religions and backgrounds stood tall, proud and brave. They fought through their fear, and kept up hope, even though hope was in short supply. In the direction of the sea they stood. And sang. The men of young and old sang facing home; a hymn of all songs. But underneath their sorrow, something else remained. A light in the darkest tunnel of mankind. And that's what keeps us all alive. Thirst...dying for a drink so desperately that I drooled the last amount of saliva that my dry mouth had to offer. I got my hopes up. I shouldn't have. But I did. My only hope of refreshment, crushed by the rusty tap. I ended up in the cinema, praying for a jolly comedy to sooth my anxious mind and perk me up in this time of great doubt. What film do you suppose greeted me into the dark and dingy room that reeked of disappointment? Only a mushy romantic spectacle of the highest order (the last thing I needed in my present state of mind). More to remind me of love, lost in time, the future so unsure. Fed up, and taking an unwanted walk down memory lane, I held my head in my hands – praying for God to deliver me home. To Cecelia. Because home is where your heart is. And my home is with her. ","Summary":" Pearly Gates of the Sea A little one shot that I had to write for my GCSE English Coursework. Hope "},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"What if I Had Never Let You Go","Author":"paintmetheuniverse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10539946","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The raindrops fell slowly against the windowpane, each one hitting at a slightly different angle, and cascading down. Cecilia sighed as she leaned against the window, watching the water drops fall. She was thankful to have returned from Cambridge a few days ago, but the break between summer and fall was dull compared to recent years. Leon hardly ever visited home and Briony had all but locked herself up in her room, writing a play, which had become her latest obsession. Cecilia loved her siblings, but relating to them had become a battle, one which she was not willing to fight. Closing her eyes and rubbing her temples, her thoughts wandered to last semester. Although she was a popular girl, Cee had started to pick up on the fact that her so called friends, didn't know much about her at all. Instead of getting to know her ambitions, hopes and dreams, they eagerly gossiped about those whose status was below them and whose father was making the most money. To keep up appearances for her mother's sake, Cecilia attended functions and made appropriate appearances, but when she had a spare moment to herself, she savored it and spent it locked away in the library away from all the judgement. Perhaps that's how she found herself spending more time with Robbie, her father's help, instead of her sophisticated group of peers. Pulling her scarf a little closer to her chest, she smiled at the memory. It was a crisp autumn afternoon, and Cecilia had just managed to escape the claws of Katherine Winters. \" Oh Cee, you MUST come with us for a spot of tea. I know this lovely place a few blocks away. Daddy says it's the best place around, only our kind is served there\" Katherine Winters cooed. \" Our kind\" Cecilia questioned, raising an eyebrow. Katherine chucked and looked at the girls around them. \"Oh darling, you're so adorably naive. You don't think they'd let in people on… a fixed income.\" Cecilia fought the chance to roll her eyes at Katherine's irritating giggling. \"Maybe another time. I must write to Leon before it gets too late.\" Before Katherine had a chance to respond, Cecilia quickly darted across the campus, through the trees and opened the doors to the library. She sighed gratefully and made her way to the top floor, savoring the chance to explore. Her fingertips grazed a stack of books, and she found herself searching for a giant arm chair and a good read. Once she settled on a novel, she found a quaint little corner with a giant window and a bench, overlooking the lovely campus. Cecilia snuggled up and began to read, oblivious to the world around her. After some time, she found herself dozing off in the comfort of the musty library, until she heard… \" Cee?\" She dropped the book on her lap in surprise, and found herself staring back into the strikingly blue eyes of Robbie Turner. \" Robbie. You… startled me. What are you doing here?\" Cecilia gasped. His eyes crinkled with mischief and the corner of his mouth was upturned into a smirk as he held up his books. \"Studying for my medical exam. Hardly ever see you around. Did you forget that I'm studying to a doctor here, too, Miss Tallis?\" Cecilia's cheeks flushed in embarrassment at his teasing, and she felt her heart tug slightly with guilt at the fact that she'd knowingly been ignoring him since he started attending. It wasn't her fault, no, not directly. But if her power hungry friends had any inkling of her past friendship with the housekeeper's son, no one would let her live it down. She opened her mouth to protest, but it snapped shut when she realized that what he said was true. Before Cecilia had a chance to think of a clever response, Robbie had already spoken again. \"I'm just teasing you Cee. Imagine the look of horror on Katherine Winters face if she knew you used to bake mud pies and swim in the lake with your family's help.\" \" Robbie that's not true… you know you we don't think of you and your mother like that\" Cecilia fought back sadly. \"And to hell with Katherine and her outrageous behavior. I have half a mind to give her a piece of my mind! She doesn't have the right to talk about you when she doesn't know you. Three years of friendship and she barely knows me!\" He chuckled and sat down next to her. \"So is that why you are hiding out in the library on this beautiful afternoon?\" Cecilia opened her eyes and found herself staring back at the rain, which was continuing to pour. Ever since that library encounter, she found more excuses to go back to the library, which was convienently the same time Robbie was there. Soon it became weekly meetings, then every other day. Being around Robbie was a breath of fresh air for Cecilia. He knew her so well, that she had almost forgotten the reason they had stopped spending time together in the first place. The more she was around Robbie, the more she stopped caring around Cambridge cliques and petty talk of money. Robbie actually cared about her ambitions and encouraged her to continue what made her passionate. By the time school ended, the two had become very close again, just like when they were children. So why wasn't Cecilia spending time with Robbie today? Ever since they had returned home, it was expected of them to return to their separate lives and roles in society. However, Cecilia couldn't help but long for those precious moments to return. She hated to admit it, but she hadn't found a reason to approach him without looking like a silly school girl with a little crush. Truth be told, Robbie had caught her eye, and lately all she could think about were his strong arms, wishing he'd wrap them around her and hold her close. \"Pure foolishness\" she chided herself. \"We are from two different worlds and he would never fall for the prim, proper, boring Cecilia.\" ","Summary":" The raindrops fell slowly against the windowpane, each one hitting at a slightly different angle, a"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Cottage on the beach","Author":"sweetlilsis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5060250","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ----- Cottage on the beach ------ Robbie's breathing labored as laid on his back. The concrete was cold, the floor was filthy. He was currently in a bunker with Nettle, one of his brothers- in-arms. Though Robbie could hear the bombs and mayhem that was occurring outside, but he didn't care. His mind was not worrying about the war at that moment. All he could think about was Cee. Cecilia Tallis, the woman he had fallen in love with. If the circumstances had been different from his current predicament, if he would have gone with Cee after the twins instead of going off alone, there could have been no way that Briony could have blamed him for her cousin's rape. Briony …Just thinking about her made bile come up his throat. He had to swallow deeply to keep himself from puking his guts out again. How he loathed that girl. He couldn't believe he had once cared for that repugnant child. Robbie remembered that day by the river when Briony threw herself to the lake so he could he save her. She had been precarious and troublesome. She had almost killed them both. It seemed like even back then she didn't think about the consequences of her actions. Robbie had loved Briony so much, like a little sister and that was another reason why her betrayal stung so badly. Not only that, but the fact that Briony knew she was lying. She hadn't seen him assaulting her cousin, Lola, like she claimed she had. But of course it had been his word against hers. Briony came from a wealthy and influential family, and where did he come from, the poor housekeeper of said family. He was a nobody; no matter how much he studied. How much he excelled in his classes; no matter how much he tried to propel himself forward and forget about his upbringing. He would always be a servant's son. The charity case. That was all he was for the Tallis family. All except one of course…Cecilia, she was the only one who believed in his innocence. She had been the only one who had defended him from Briony's venomous lies. He had been so angry at Cee when she hadn't gone to see him in prison. But all that anger disappeared when he saw her in the café that fateful day. She looked the same. She was as beautiful as ever, if anything her beauty had grown over the years. He felt filthy and ashamed. In prison he had been constantly abused by the other prisoners. Robbie had been humiliated because not only was he seen as a pretty boy, but he was also educated and well mannered. The other prisoner saw these qualities as something which they could exploit. He had almost run out when he saw her sitting there, the light from the windows reflecting on her and making her look like an angel. He didn't want to sully her with his filth. But then he thought of their encounter in the library that crucial night. The way her body felt against his. The way he felt when he was inside of her. He loved her. He had to see her again. If anything were to happen to him during the war he would regret not seeing her that day. He just knew it. He had to see her, even if this was their last meeting. After an awkward greeting they both sat down and made small talk, but the awkwardness stayed until finally he exploded when she told him she had to leave early for work. He didn't want to think about not seeing her again. After all that time apart and now they had to be apart again. Fate was cruel. It seemed like they were destined to be far from each other for ever. Robbie remembered saying goodbye to Cecilia that day as she boarded her bus. --- \" A friend of mine has a cottage by the coast; said we can borrow it when you're next on leave. White clapboard with blue painted window frames.\" Cee said excitedly as they crossed the street. They stopped once they reached the bus stop. Robbie sighed looking directly at Cecilia's eyes as she turned around to face him. She was going to say goodbye any minute now, and he didn't want those words to come out of her mouth. He didn't want to see her leave with the uncertainty that he might never see her again. \" I hope this bus never comes.\" He told her truthfully. Perhaps it would never come, but that was an idiotic and foolishly hopeful idea even for someone as optimistic as him. Robbie could see the sadness in Cecilia's eyes and he knew that she was feelings the same as he was. \" Here.\" She said handing him a postcard. \" Something to think of while you're away.\" She continued her hands brushing against his own as he held the postcard in his hands. The postcard was more like a photograph of the cottage that Cecilia had described a couple of minutes earlier. It looked serene and beautiful, and Robbie could see himself and Cee running around the beach together. He looked back at her, his face holding a dejected expression. This was the part he had been dreading all afternoon. She sighed exasperated and kissed him. Her hands caressing his face before moving to his back as she pulled him closer to her body. He gasped into her mouth and kissed her back with all the passion he had been holding back all those years while they were apart. They separated briefly before kissing again. The second kiss was brief and filled with sadness and melancholy. Her hands caressed his face as they broke off their second and last kiss. She glanced at him briefly before jumping onto the double-decker bus that pulled up beside them. He looked watching the bus drive away as he whispered \"I love you.\" into the air. As he watched the bus drive off with the woman he loved he felt the air leave his lungs, and so he ran and followed it down the street. He saw Cecilia smile sadly at him before the double-decker bus turned the corner and drove out of sight. He stopped running. He knew his attempts to hold onto her were worthless so he stopped in the middle of the street catching his breath. --- \"Cecilia.\" He gasped out trying not to sob uncontrollably. He didn't want to wake Nettle or any of the other soldiers again. They were all tired, they were all hurt and they all had loved ones back home they wanted to see again. He remembered Nettle telling him briefly when they had first met that he was going to live and defeat the Germans, and that he couldn't afford to die because he had a wife back home who was expecting their first child, and that she depended on him. \"I'm all she has.\" He remembered the other man saying, his thick accent stretching the words out. He smiled. Robbie knew Nettle would make it out of this war fine. The other soldier was stronger than he was, more experienced and he wasn't injured. Nettle would go back home to a wife and a newborn child. He laughed quietly knowing Nettle; he would probably make love to his wife first and see his newborn baby later. Nevertheless, Robbie knew he wasn't going to make it out of this war alive despite being incredibly optimistic. His optimist was failing him at this moment because the reality of things was finally beginning to sink in. He was going to die. He had been sick for some time now after his chest wound began to get infected. He wasn't stupid. He had septicemia, his symptoms fit the bill. It was too late now for him to get treatment and he was sure he wouldn't survive the night. He was going to die. Robbie swallowed lighting up a match and staring at the postcard Cee had given him in the bus stop that day they had that fateful meeting at the café. He smiled thinking of the way the waves would feel on his bare feet as he ran through the wet sand chasing after Cecilia. They would laugh and joke and kiss. It would have been perfect. And in his last moments of life, he didn't regret anything. Though he wished he had spend more time with Cecilia. That was all he would have changed if he could go back and live out his life again. But he had no regrets. He felt the corner of his eyes leaking with unshed tears as the life left his body. He died at that moment one word on his mind and lips. Cecilia \"Cecilia.\" ---------- Plz review after reading. This is my first one-shot in general, and my first Atonement fanfic so I'm sorry if I sucked. ","Summary":" ----- Cottage on the beach ------ Robbie's breathing labored as laid on his back. The concrete was "},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"The Letter","Author":"mrsreynolds","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5308833","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So this is a very short one shot which looks at what Robbie may have been thinking after he realises he gave Briony the wrong letter. It's inspired by the movie rather than the book; messing with such an amazing book would seem rude! :-) \"Briony!\" The word is long, drawn out by an agony of sudden comprehension. The oppressive heat of the day has barely lessened as evening draws in, and now to me it seems inescapable, unbearable. A trickle of sweat coils its way down my back, and a small, detached part of my brain sends a mental apology to my mother. I know how hard she has worked today so that I can look my best this evening. For her. For Cee \"Christ!\" The word is expelled from my mouth almost involuntarily and I find myself turning in agitated circles on the spot. My heart is pounding in my ears and my legs seem to lose the ability to hold me up. I fight the impulse to be sick on my carefully polished dress shoes (my only pair so please God don't let me vomit ) and shakily make my way to the wall, where I lean against the cool stones gratefully. \"Oh Christ !\" I run my hand distractedly through my hair (so much for looking my best). How could I have sent her the wrong letter ? Sitting at that desk, still slightly damp from my bath, I had struggled to find the right words; how could I, Robbie, the housekeeper's son whom she had steadfastly chosen to ignore at Cambridge, tell a woman such as Cecilia that I was in love with her? She must know surely that I hadn't meant to laugh when the handle of the vase had broken off in her hand? That watching her emerge from that ridiculous fountain, dripping wet and indignant, was the most sensual experience of my life? It was the recollection of this moment which led to me typing those fanciful, profane words. Even now, panic stricken and slightly nauseous, I feel myself harden as I think of her; so beautiful, so determined, so bloody-minded. And so blind. She'll know pretty soon though. I check my watch anxiously and look up to the house, shielding my eyes against the sun. Briony must have found her by now. I imagine her reading those words, those filthy words, and even though I'm still shaking and it's still touch and go for my shoes, I find that there's a part of me that wanted to send the wrong letter. Slowly, I break into a smile. I'm not sure how well this works as a first person fic. I missed not being able to describe him (particularly as played by James McAvoy!) ","Summary":" So this is a very short one shot which looks at what Robbie may have been thinking after he realise"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Le temps d'une cigarette","Author":"JessSwann","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7888959","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimers : Ian Mac Ewan pour les personnages : ) Bonjour à tous voici une petite histoire du POV de Cee. Cet os est écrit pour un jeu du FoF, il fallait le rédiger sur le thème \"bout\" en une heure. Pour plus de précisions vous pouvez m'envoyer un mp. Bonne lecture et…reviews ? Le temps d'une cigarette Lorsque je repense à cette nuit où mon existence et celle de Robbie ont basculées, la première image qui me vient toujours à l'esprit est celle de cette cigarette que je suis allée fumer dehors après que l'on ait trouvé Lola. J'étais si inquiète cette nuit-là, je me sentais inutile. Et, aussi, j'avais envie de penser à Robbie et au début de notre histoire, plus tôt, dans la bibliothèque. Je me sentais à la fois concernée et distante, comme si mon histoire avec Robbie occultait le reste, les fugueurs, Lola… Je me souviens de ce moment-là avec clarté alors que d'autres plus récents sont brouillés dans ma mémoire. J'espérais qu'on finirait par retrouver les fugueurs et que Robbie les sauverait, les ramènerait. Et surtout, qu'il reviendrait vite près de moi pour que nous continuions ce que nous n'avions qu'ébauché dans la bibliothèque. Le bout de ma cigarette rougeoyait dans l'obscurité et je pensais que sa fumée donnait une aura étrange à la nuit. Comme si cette nuit, tous les rêves, tous les miracles étaient permis. Comme si la magie existait et s'exprimait à travers ces volutes de fumée. Briony fit sa déposition pendant que je fumais cette cigarette. Le temps de fumer une seule cigarette…. C'est tout ce qu'il fallut à ma sœur pour détruire nos vies à Robbie et à moi. Je me rappelle du bout scintillant de celle que j'ai fumée devant les inspecteurs. Mes doigts tremblaient en la tenant. Ils ne pouvaient pas croire Briony ! Comment croire une gamine à l'imagination aussi fertile que ma sœur ! « Nous allons devoir tirer cette affaire au clair Miss Tallis. Nous interrogerons Mr Turner lorsqu'il reviendra, s'il revient. - Il ne faut pas croire tout ce que raconte Briony ! » Avais-je martelé avant d'écrabouiller le bout du mégot comme j'aurais aimé pouvoir le faire avec la tête de Briony. Après cela… Nous avions attendu. Eux dedans et moi dehors. Puisqu'ils étaient tous si pressés de condamner Robbie qu'ils connaissaient pour la plupart depuis toujours, c'était que je n'avais rien de commun avec ces gens. Lorsque l'aurore se leva, Robbie revint avec les deux enfants perdus. Je me précipitais vers lui. Les policiers furent plus rapides. Robbie nous regarda tous avec incompréhension alors que les inspecteurs l'accusaient du pire crime qui soit, du viol d'une jeune fille à peine sortie de l'enfance. Nous étions au bout de la nuit la plus belle et la plus terrible de mon existence. Notre première nuit à Robbie et à moi. Notre seule nuit. J'enlaçais Robbie sans savoir que nos corps ne se toucheraient plus après ça. Mes lèvres frôlèrent son oreille alors que les policiers l'arrachaient à mes bras. « Reviens-moi… » Nos regards se croisèrent pour la dernière fois avant cinq longues années. Je suivis des yeux la voiture des policiers jusqu'à ce qu'elle ait disparu au bout de l'allée en m'efforçant de retenir mes larmes. Je ne le revis que quelques minutes dans un café bondé, quelques jours avant son départ pour la France et la guerre, des années après cette nuit-là. Le temps d'une cigarette… C'est le temps qui nous a été accordé à Robbie et à moi. Le temps qu'il a fallu à Briony pour nous détruire. Et depuis ce jour, chaque fois que je vois le bout d'une cigarette rougir dans la nuit j'imagine ce que ma vie et celle de Robbie auraient pu être si j'étais restée à l'intérieur… ","Summary":" Disclaimers : Ian Mac Ewan pour les personnages : ) Bonjour à tous voici une petite histoire du POV"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Por suerte despertamos","Author":"Supermonstrum","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7696355","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Por suerte despertamos. Entreabrió los ojos muy lentamente. La luz del sol se encontraba oculta tras un cielo nublado, pero de todas maneras a sus ojos les tomó un par de segundos acostumbrarse a ella. Cecilia apoyó ambas manos a los costados para sentarse, la sensación entre sus dedos de la arena fría y húmeda casi le causa un ligero sobresalto. Finalmente, el familiar sonido del viento y las olas rompiendo a lo lejos, la convencieron de que no se encontraba en las cañerías, refugiándose junto a los demás. Tampoco estaban los demás, no se sentía cansada y las pocas pertenencias que llevaba consigo desaparecieron. Aquello era la playa. Después de haberla soñado centeneras de veces, había llegado. Se incorporó enseguida, sacudiendo su cabello y la parte de atrás del vestido, la sal en el aire le supo maravillosa y comenzó a caminar por la costa. ¿Estaba soñando? Apostaría cualquier cosa a que hacía menos de una hora temblaba de miedo junto con los otros mientras se escuchaban las bombas cerca, cada vez más cerca. El viento rugió, agitando su vestido, la luz del sol llegó por un hueco entre nubes y Cecilia se puso la mano sobre su frente para ver a lo lejos. Su corazón se detuvo cuando vio una figura, una silueta tal vez, sentada sobre un pequeño muelle. Podría haberse dicho que lo primero que llegó a sus pensamientos fue «debe ser él », pero sería mentir, porque su cerebro dejó todo acto reflexivo para dar prioridad a los movimientos. Una orden simple, clara, de vital necesidad. Corre. Parecía que cuanto más rápido iban sus piernas, más se alejaba la figura misteriosa, sin embargo, llegó el momento en el que ella estuvo a menos de un metro de ella, con el corazón acelerado y su respiración un tanto entrecortada. Quiso llamarlo, tocarle el hombro con su dedo índice. Decidió dejar de contener el llanto y lo abrazó con fuerza, sonriendo y hundiendo su rostro sobre aquella espalda uniformada. Claro que era él, ¿quién más?, ¿a qué otra persona podía distinguir con tanta claridad si no era él? Robbie giró la cabeza, intentando desprenderse apenas del abrazo de Cecilia, sólo para poder estrecharla con mucho más fuerza, casi rozando la violencia. El cigarrillo que estaba fumando cayó al suelo al igual que su birrete. Las piernas le temblaron y al escuchar el dulce y emocionado sollozo de ella, la imitó. Los pies de Cecilia se elevaron unos milímetros sobre el suelo y rio en medio del beso. Sus labios seguían teniendo el mismo sabor, la calidez de su boca y sus brazos rodeándole el cuerpo, todo estaba igual. Robbie también estaba igual, sin heridas o cicatrices, tal cual la última vez que se vieron. Casi se atrevía a decir que nunca existió guerra. Es más, ¿realmente hubo una guerra? —¿Cómo lograste llegar? —le preguntó sin atreverse a soltarlo. Robbie parpadeó, Cecilia le pasó el pulgar por las mejillas, deshaciéndose de esas lágrimas. —Siempre he estado aquí —respondió—. Claro que recuerdo tu casa, la universidad, tu familia y la cena. No recuerdo muy bien la obra de teatro de Briony, tampoco si me quedé a verla o regresé a casa antes. —¿Y qué estás haciendo aquí, Robbie? Su tono era cariñoso y alegre, el sonido de las aves y el viento combinaban a la perfección con la voz de Cecilia. Por alguna razón, Robbie no conseguía recordar un momento tan feliz como aquel, había varias cosas que no conseguía recordar y su llegada a la playa parecía ser desde hacía tanto, como si hubiese nacido allí. —He estado… —comenzó confundido, luego miró directamente a los ojos de Cecilia y sonrió—. He estado esperándote. Sus labios volvieron a encontrarse, acariciándose con ternura y nostalgia. Por encima del hombro de Robbie, Cecilia observó la playa y sintió que alguien le había hablado de aquel lugar, de aquella cabaña que vislumbraba a lo lejos, como si la hubiese visto en una foto o algo parecido. También sintió que le había contado a Robbie sobre ella y por eso estaba esperándola en esa playa. De todas las playas del mundo, esa. —Cecilia… —murmuró a su oído, su cuerpo se llenó de una calidez indescriptible—. Te amo tanto, Cecilia. Qué suerte que has llegado. Pero de ser así, Robbie lo recordaría. Él nunca se olvidaría de algo tan importante. —Robbie, ¿por qué esta playa? ¿Significa algo para nosotros? —Quiso quitarse la duda. —No lo sé. Aunque creo que la playa no es lo importante, sino el hecho de que en ella estamos tú y yo. Y si fuese una selva, un desierto, un glaciar, él estaba en lo correcto: el lugar era para acompañar, para el escenario necesario para que su amor actuara y se extendiera. Se preguntó porque Robbie vestía uniforme, mas la idea de \"guerra\" no cuadraba con nada, ni siquiera con el extraño recuerdo del bombardeo antes de despertar en la playa. —Ven — invitó él, tomándole de la mano y caminando hacia la cabaña—. Está refrescando. —Prepararé la cena —dijo y le dio un leve empujón hacia las olas. —¡Hey! —Me siento algo extraña —comentó entre risas—. Siento que antes de estar aquí, estaba en otro lugar y haciendo algo totalmente distinto, y estábamos lejos el uno del otro, muy lejos. Te extrañaba tanto que creo que todavía puedo sentirlo aquí. Llevó la mano de Robbie hasta su pecho para que sintiera sus latidos. Robbie ladeó la cabeza, pasó un brazo por sus hombros y la atrajo hacia él. Cecilia cerró los ojos un momento, esperando a que esa punzada de dolor, casi siempre presente en ese otro lugar donde caían bombas, se fuera. Y se fue cuando los labios de Robbie se apoyaron sobre su cabeza. —A veces tengo sueños así de extraños —confesó en susurro pícaro, como si fuese un secreto de niños—. Pesadillas mejor dicho, porque en ningún momento estoy contigo, pero luego despierto en casa y sé que sólo fue eso. Ella sonrió también, apretujándose contra él mientras sus huellas se marcaban en la arena. Pesadillas, tontas, imposibles, ridículas, dañinas. Lo besó, se dejó besar, se besaron. —Por suerte despertamos. ","Summary":" Por suerte despertamos. Entreabrió los ojos muy lentamente. La luz del sol se encontraba oculta tra"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Finding Peace","Author":"TakemylovedowntoVioletHill","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7188887","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The ceiling shuddered as the bombing rocked the world above. Cecilia looked around warily, her instincts telling her she was unsafe. Then the earth gave a great heave and she saw it. The water, surging towards all of them, hidden away in the tunnels where they had promised them safety. She widened her eyes and then heard the voice, just as she had in the library so long ago I love you Robbie whispered into her mind as she closed her eyes and felt the cold water embrace her tightly. She saw him behind her eyelids, and Cecilia saw no reason to keep him waiting any longer, so opening her mouth she ignored the pain and swallowed the water. Her lungs felt heavily and there was a sudden jerking motion in her body but when she opened her eyes again she found herself at her mother and father's house again. Robbie was there, his blue eyes twinkling as he held out a hand to her. \"I've been waiting for you my darling.\" He murmured, kissing her forehead. She smiled at him brilliantly and he led her down towards the fountain, whispering endearments all the while. Cecilia felt it, the peace and serenity she had been vainly searching for… she had found him, and there was nothing left to want. Nothing at all. ","Summary":" The ceiling shuddered as the bombing rocked the world above. Cecilia looked around warily, her inst"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Robbie's View Point","Author":"DesiGirl85","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6315394","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm a big fan of Atonement. I have watched the movie a countless number of times, and I have decided to write (to be continued later) a story from Robbie's viewpoint. I will finish later, when my computer is behaving properly. Let me know what you think, and if you all like it, I shall continue. The characters are owned by Ian McEwan, and my character descriptions won't be based on the book, but by the film directed by Joe Wright. (2007) Robbie Turner gazed at fragments of his pale face through the shards of mirror scattered all across the dirt pavement, where debris and chaos replaced the once serene landscape of the countryside in France. He carefully picked up the remnants of the vanity, and was shocked at the face that was reflected back at him. He had once been a robust young man, filled with a relentless zest for life, and an ambitious path lying before him, filled with endless dreams and hopes that he held on to with a steadfast fervor. He saw before him a gaunt creature, with empty eyes filled with death and decay that had once been so passionate and optimistic. He had seen his fellow soldiers fade before him, childishly holding to memories of their past before their bodies gave out. He felt exhaustion overwhelm him, and painfully, he eased his weathered body down. Carefully, he reached in to his pocket, and pulled out a treasured bundle of letters, and an old postcard of a cottage that during the last six months had been his steady companion. He closed his eyes, vividly remembering that night that had changed his life so drastically, and had haunted him for the past four years with an urgency he could not explain. He had been wrongly accused of something that left a bitter aftertaste in his mouth. Why? Robbie had pondered this during his confinement in his cell, and he still couldn't explain why someone, whom he had respected, would turn on him like that. He thought about Briony Tallis, the sister to the woman he so ardently loved. During his years of being the hired help of the Tallis', he had keenly been interested in Briony's plays, a source of pride for the intelligent, irrepressible little girl. Robbie had often felt that Briony knew things, or suspected she knew things of matters that were far beyond her years, but he had never thought she would accuse him of raping her cousin. After years of noticeable tension between Robbie and Cecilia, Briony's elder sister, he had confessed his attraction to her in a strangely erotic letter and during that hot, humid summer evening, they had made love in the library. He felt sadness wash over him as he thought of his lips on hers, her limbs entwined with his, and how a few hours later, he had been accused of something that made him repulsed to be thought of as that man. Why? Robbie felt wetness on his cheek, and numbly he felt his face, his vision blurred by the deep pain of his past. He ached with every fiber of his soul, but there was a small fire burning in his heart that urged him to keep walking until he saw her familiar short, dark tresses, and her big, beautiful eyes. Whenever he shut his eyes and thought of that fateful night, he remembered her smoldering eyes, and when she walked down the path to hug him, tightly, and convey a message that only lovers can do without speaking. He had been disoriented that night, as he was now, trying to grasp the reasoning behind this. He awoke from his reverie, and lovingly gazed at the letters that were before him, with Cecilia's eloquent writing, and the pain behind her words. He saw the small blots of ink, and a distinct sign of a tear during several intervals of her letters that had been his source of joy during the past four years. He longed to see her, and hold her, and love her. He longed to forget that chapter of his life where he had questioned everything and had lost faith in humanity, and where darkness had filled every aspect of his life. ","Summary":" I'm a big fan of Atonement. I have watched the movie a countless number of times, and I have decide"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Pen Briony","Author":"asseta3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5524988","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A 100 word short :) inspired by the word \"Pen\" (picked at random by my sister!) and the character Briony. She runs her finger along the black pen and snaps the lid on and off. Should she, shouldn't she? Her conscience grimaces at her. She hates feeling guilty, she was always so sure she was right, so certain she knew what she was doing that this feeling is alien. The ink slides quickly across the paper, the apology coming too easily. She finds there is so much to say, but all of it means the same – I'm sorry, I was wrong. Her heart thumps to think of him, see his face in her mind. No, she won't do it. Never. ","Summary":" A 100 word short :) inspired by the word \"Pen\" (picked at random by my sister!) and the character"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Pieces of Paper","Author":"shana125","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5435991","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The beach. He could taste it in his mouth,nfeel the air on his face, smell the pungent odor of sand. The Beach. It was a hopeless cause. The Beach. He shouldn't think about it, itnhurt, but it was like a catch-22; the only thing that kept him goingnwas the beach, was Cecelia. Cecelia. Robbie knew he shouldn't thinknabout her as well. Those memories were even more painful thannthinking of the future. Cecelia. The past haunted him. The library,nthe library where everything began, where they united, whereneverything was perfect… the library haunted him. With labored breathed, Robbienopened his eyes, staring up at the blank concrete wall above him. Henreached into his pocket, removing the photograph of the cottage, thensymbol of their love, or their future. Robbie knew he was dying. He couldntaste it in his mouth and he could feel it in his veins. Some peoplenwould call that crazy, but he knew. As his eyes began to flickernclosed, he thought about Cecelia's mouth on his, about her bodynpressed against him. Their future was shot to hell now. In his last few seconds, as Robbienfelt himself began to fade, he lifted his hand, ripping thenphotograph to pieces. Goodbye, Cecelia, Henthought, and then he died. ","Summary":" The beach. He could taste it in his mouth,nfeel the air on his face, smell the pungent odor of sand"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"The Letter","Author":"lizdonaghy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5209055","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, this hadn't turned out at all like I had hoped. I'm not at all happynabout how I wrote this, and I hope you guys understand why it sucksnso much. This story was finished a whilenago, I just didn't have any heart to post it up. As much as I'ventried to change it, update it… this is what I've ended up with. Disclaimer: I don't ownnAtonement. Sigh… that would be cool though. OOH, I wrote a crossover story anwhile ago. Atonement and Titanic : ) Please check it out if you haventime, and review it ! thanks in advance. Its called, \"Ill FatednLove\" xxx Dear Briony, You are needed atnhome at once. Please come quickly. Your loving brother, Leon. Briony Tallis sat on her bed at St.nThomas' hospital. Most of her fellow nurses had already left.nBriony's bag was already packed and placed on her bed, beside hernmost precious typewriter. She had just been about to leave when onenof the nurse's assistant came with a letter marked \"urgent\" onnthe front in big, bold red letters. And to think, moments before she'dnhad been overflowing in happiness. As happy as she could possibly be,nanyways…she was never truly happy since that night, many years ago. The war had ended yesterday. Thengirls found out but this morning. Briony could barely describe thengiddiness and excitement flowing through the girl's rooms, letnalone the entire hospital. Instantly the nurses were grabbingntheir suitcases and packing them recklessly, in desperation to getnhome to their families. After reading the letter, Brionynjust sat silently on her bed. She stayed still, murmuring goodbye'snto the few that stopped in their hurry to talk to her. \"Tallis, you okay?\" Fiona asked,nbarely trying to mask her excitement over the news of the war. \"I'm fine.\" Briony smilednweakly. \"You should hurry on now, catch your bus.\" \"If you're sure, Tallis.\"nFiona beamed and leaned over to kiss her on the cheek. \"Have a goodnone, and get home safely.\" Briony nodded. Looking up, Fiona hadnbeen the last to leave the room. Just as she was reaching over fornthe door, Briony spoke. \"My name is Briony.\" She said.n\"Briony Tallis.\" \"Briony.\" Fiona murmured.n\"That's such a pretty name.\" Briony nodded and stood up slowly.nThe pair exchanged another set of goodbyes and Briony clicked thenbuckles of her brown suitcase shut. She lifted her typewriter andnstruggled down the hallway. With the letter tightly pressednbetween her lips, she murmured to the secretary manning the desk thatnshe was leaving and stepped outside the hospital doors. Outside, she felt the warm sunlightnbeat down on her. Briony stopped on the highest step and lifted hernhead towards the sky, closing her eyes as she did so. She breathednslowly, inhaling the air. It smelled different… The next train left in a little overnthan an hour, she soon found out. It was well, because it took herndirectly to the station five minutes from the Tallis house. Brionynclaimed a seat and went to fetch a cup of tea. She sat alone. The train ride was loud, but itndidn't stop her from falling asleep. She slept still and dreamless,njust as she had for the longest time. She woke up to the bell,nsignaling they had arrived and she pulled off. --- She had underestimated the distancenfrom the train stop and her house. Soon, the sun started to set andnthe sky filled with darkness. She looked around at the sights for andistraction from her wandering thoughts. She saw the field of bushesnthat looked familiar, it was the one she went to when she was youngnas an escape. She then realized where she was. She was on the road that Robbie wasnwalking down as he handed her his letter to Cecilia. Tears fell from Briony's eyes asnshe dropped her bags and walked over to the fence that surrounded thenfield. She pulled her fingers along the wood, and stood, staring downnat the grass, like when Robbie was staring down at her twelve-yearnold self. Where Robbie would have been standing, blossoms of wildnflowers had bloomed. This only made her cry harder. She grabbed her bags and ran fromnthe memory. Further and further until she came into the Tallis yard.nIt hadn't been mowed in a long time. She ran past the fountain, andnpast the patch of grass that Cecilia and her had been lying on thatnone day. The last time they spoke to one another in an acceptingnmanner…the last time she smiled at her. As she stepped into the foyer, shenfelt a warm feeling rush over her, smelling the all too familiarnscent of the wood floors right after they have been polished. Shendropped her bags again, not wanting to lift them any further, andnwent through to the living room. \"Leon…\" She whispered, walkingnin to see him on the sofa. \"What is it? What's wrong?\" Leon rushed over and wrapped her innhis arms. \"Oh little Sis…\" He saidnslowly, squeezing her tighter with each world. When Briony gentlynpried away, she saw that he'd been crying. \"Leon?\" Leon lifted her hand and dragged hernup the long stairs. Briony saw that the library door had been leftnwide open, and she struggled to look at it. Leon whispered that theynshould hurry, and Briony obeyed. They soon found themselves in frontnof their mother's room. Sobs and cries echoed down the hallway andnthis alone caused her eyes to fill up with tears. \"What's happened?\" Shenwhispered. Leon opened the door and the sobsncame louder. Briony saw Emily on her bed, her face hardlynrecognizable as it was red and puffed. On her lap, a box of tissuesnand a series of different colored handkerchiefs were scattered allnover. \"Briony!\" Emily cried,ndesperately wiping at her eyes to hide the tears. \"Mummy, what's happened?\"nBriony asked pleadingly, rushing to her side and grabbing her hand. Emily simply erupted in another fitnof tears. Leon went and grabbed an open letter on the nightstand, andnhanded it over to Briony. While grabbing it from him, she saw thatnhis hand was shaking. She read it over and over, hopingnthat the words would change. Her hands started to shake as well, andncould no longer hold the letter upright. It fell onto the ground andnBriony started to cry. She looked onto her brother for support, anything to comfort her, but his tear filled eyes did nothing. \"No…\" She whispered. \"Briony…\" Leon reached out tongrab her hand, but Briony simply shook it off. \"No!\" She sobbed, collapsingncompletely on the floor, her entire body shaking with each breath shentook. The letter, now forgotten, lay beside her. Cecilia was dead. I know this could be inaccuratenat some points, I'm sorry about that. Please review. xo Hazel ","Summary":" Okay, this hadn't turned out at all like I had hoped. I'm not at all happynabout how I wrote this, "},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Words","Author":"tapperbell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9356506","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DAYLEE I open the big metal doors. I take two steps and I already feel sweat on my forehead. I feel like everybody is staring at me, but really they are staring at every one new. I'm looking for my best friend, Cody, and I can't find, so I'm freaking out. A walk up slowly to a desk that has school supplies all over it. I stare at the four dull pencils while I am waiting for the lady to respond. Finally she said, \"Name please?\" I didn't respond because I was too distracted by the dull pencils. I was so nervous. \"Hello?\" said the lady at the desk. \"Huh? Oh, I'm sorry. Um… Daylee Sanders. \" I said very idiotically. The lady just looked down at her computer with her big glasses. She's typing something and all you can her are the keys on the keyboard. Then she looks up at me. \"Daylee Sanders… Ninth Grade, age 14?\" she asked me. \"Yes.\" I said. I swallowed my spit in my throat very nervously. \"Here's your schedule, Daylee. Your first class is Math in room 112. You'll find your away around after that.\" \"Thank you, mam.\" I said. I walk slowly to math. I can't find Cody anywhere. I'm a freshman and this is my first day of school. Cody and I are next door neighbors and when I went to his house this morning, his mom said he already left, and I can't find him! I'm walking and I'm just thinking of how my life in high school is hopefully going to be amazing. Then I felt someone touch my shoulder. I turned around fast and it was Cody. I look into his big brown eyes that fulfill his entire face. His blonde hair flows across his face. His blue jacket with jeans really stands out for him. \"Where were you this morning? I have been looking for you everywhere today!\" Cody said while laughing. \"Back at you, Cody.\" I said laughing as well. We started walking down the hall together until I said, \"Let me see your schedule.\" \"Why?\" \"Just give it to me.\" I said. I'm looking at his schedule and I see that we have no classes together. \"We have no classes together.\" I said. \"Really? Dude, that seriously stinks, but that's okay. We will hang out every day after school. I swear.\" Cody said. We both laugh then went to our classes. I sit down on the cold hard seats. I rest my back on the tile ground and look up at the teacher who isn't even facing the class. Finally he turns around. He is very young and has short dark brown hair and blue eyes. He is quite tall. He grabs a blue expo marker and starts writing on the white board very softly. He writes \"a + b * Y=\". I stare at it very carefully. He clears his throat and says, \"Hello class. My name is Mr. Short. Welcome to math class.\" I heard kids in the background chucking at his name. Then one yells out, \"You have such a stupid name! You are tall and your name is \"Short\". You must be stupid as well!\" All I thought was how cruel that was. Why would kids be so disrespectful to their teacher? They don't even know him, he could be an awesome teacher! \"Yes, yes. Now kids settle down. Look at the problem I wrote on the board. Can anyone solve it for me?\" Mr. Short asked. He seemed so calm. That would have seriously hurt my feeling. Then again, they're just words. Words don't really hurt, right? \"Anyone?\" he asked very displeased. Nobody responded. I knew the answer but I didn't want to sound like a nerd. I mean, it is my first day of high school. \"Well… a + b is very simple. Substitute \"a\" with…\" Yeah, yeah I already know. Heard this last year! I just stared at the clock and only a second has past, but it felt more so of one hour! Finally the bell rings. I get up and my butt hurts from sitting in the hard wooden chairs for 45 minutes. I start to get out of the classroom and two girls yell, \"Hey new girl! Daylee, right? Come here!\" I walk to them concerned. What would they want with me? \"Yes…?\" I asked concerned. \"My name is Angela, and this is Courtney and Cassidy.\" Angela said pointing to two other girls. \"My name is Daylee.\" I said sounded very idiotic. \"We know who you are. My girls and I were talking and we want you to be a part of our group. Want to hang out after school?\" Angela asked. Oh my gosh! I am already making new friends on my first day! Wait, I wouldn't be able to hang out because I already promised Cody. \"That would be great, Angela, but, I'm sorry but I already have plans.\" \"This is a one time opportunity. It's today or never . Make up your mind.\" Cassidy said. \"Cassidy! We talked about this! I do the talking! Anyways… she's right. Now or never.\" Angela said. \"I'm really sorry you guys, but I can't. I already have plans.\" I said apologetically. \"Fine, but you will regret it.\" Angela said. My first day of high school was done. No new friends, but that's okay. I have Cody. School wasn't bad. Not as bad as I thought it would be. I'm waiting for Cody outside the building. Everyone walks out and stares at me, literally this time. I have no idea why but it's weird. Then I saw Cody come out and walks over to me. \"Ready?\" I asked. \"Yeah.\" We started walking back to our homes quietly. It must have been the quietest walk we have ever done. CODY Daylee and I are walking home and it's the quietest walk we have ever done. I know why it is because I'm keeping something from her. I don't want to tell her thought because it would destroy her entire world, and I don't want that. She's my best friend. \"So when I walked out of school today, every one was staring at me, it was weird. Do you know why?' Daylee asked. \"Honestly Daylee, I don't think anybody was really staring at you.\" I lied. \"No, I know they were. I wasn't imagining it this time Cody!\" \"You probably were. You tend to do that.\" I lied, again. \"Whatever.\" she said upset. I am just staring at the trees now. Each leave falls silently on the ground. Then the wind comes and all the leaves crash to ground. It reminds me of something that happened to me when I was a child. It was a mid- summer day. It was the summer before I had to go to school for the first time. My dad and I were playing outside and a huge wind came. All the leaves crashed onto the ground. My dad and I raked them up into a huge pile and we kept jumping into the leaves so happily like it was the end. That was one of the best memories of my dad and I. That was the summer before my dad died. I miss him a lot. I love fall just for that reason. \"Look, I'm sorry. I had no right to say that. If people were staring at you, it would probably be because you're so beautiful and they're jealous.\" I said. Daylee smiled with her big blue eyes and long blonde hair. She has such fair skin it makes her look gorgeous. We got to our houses and decided to go to Daylee's today. I step onto two cement stairs that leads to her porch. Daylee grabs the handle to her big door that has a diamond window on it and opens the door. We both step in and Daylee shouts, \"Mom! I'm home and Cody's here!\" We go up to her poster decorated room. She loves Taylor Swift, so she has a lot of her posters plastered on her pink wall. I sit down on her bed and the mattress sinks in. I grab one of her animal pillows and rest it on my lap. \"So how did you like your first day of high school?\" I asked her. \"Horrible, but, not as bad as I thought it would be.\" Daylee told me. \"Why so bad though?\" I asked her curiously. \"Well these girls wanted me to be a part of their \"group\" and hang out with them today. I told them I can't because I have plans and they said I would be sorry.\" she said. That was kind of peculiar to me. That's weird that those girls would say that, but that's what girls do I guess. \"It's alright Daylee. They'll get over it and leave you alone.\" I said meaning it. \"You sure?\" \"Positive.\" I told her. The next day Daylee and I went to school positively. I didn't really want to be seen with her in school for a certain reason. We walked in and went our different ways. DAYLEE Cody doesn't talk to me in school anymore. I have no idea why. He could at least sit with me at lunch so I had a friend to talk to. I'm walking to my class and everyone is staring at me. Some people are chuckling under their sleeve, and other people are just glaring at me and shaking their heads. I walk slowly to the classroom. There are 20 people in the class, so that's 40 eyes staring at me. I sit on my hard, cold seat. I just look at my desk and the littlest thing entertained me. I stare at an eraser shedding for the entire class. If I lift my head up, everyone is staring at me. At the end of the class I walk past people and they laugh. I grabbed someone's shoulder and asked, \"Why is everyone laughing at me? What's so funny?\" The girl laughed, and when she was done she said, \"You. You are a disgrace and a loser.\" \"I don't get it. What did I do?\" \"Hahaha, slut!\" Somebody said to me. I just felt like shoving my face into my arms. I was so hurt. Everyone was calling me names, but it will go away soon. Two Years Later… Cody and I don't talk anymore and I don't know why. I think it's because he got mad at me. I mean, I flipped out at him two years ago, but we both apologized. I don't know why. I think he hates me. Once I said those words in my head, it didn't seem right, but it's true. I grabbed a piece of paper and a pencil. I start to write \"Cody hates me\" on the piece of paper. The pencil wrote on the paper very smoothly. I'm going to keep that piece of paper for the rest of my life. I wish he would tell me why he hates me. I grab my black hair dye and start dying my hair. I'm dying it fully black. About four hours later it was done. It looked good, but not me, but everybody hates me so what's the difference? I start playing with my hair and then I look over to the scissors on the counter. I grab them and put my fingers through the cold medal holes. I start to cut my hair. The shard medal blades cut smoothly in my hair. I had choppy layers on top with my hair thinned out at the bottom with no layers. I stare at my hair for a few seconds. I decided to get more hair dye and dye it a little more. I go a drawer in my house. There was tons of hair dye from my older brother who died his hair a lot. He's in the army right now, so he wouldn't mind. There was blue, green, red, black, and even yellow. I grabbed the blue and headed back to the bathroom. I dyed my hair a light blue at the bottom where it is thinned out. Now I like it. I look at the clock and I have one hour until I have to go to school. I grab eyeliner and did my make-up. It's very dark and I put red lipstick on as well. I check my phone and I still have 45 minutes. I really wish I didn't have to go to school. Somebody has been spending rumors about me and every one is bullying me. Yesterday, somebody even locked me in the boiler room. I hate high school. I have tons of friends in high school. I love it, but I've hurt feelings of my old friends getting new friends. I hurt Daylee. I'm writing all of this down a piece of paper to keep with me at all times. It reminds me of the old me. I look at my phone and it is time to go to school. I'm walking and there is this girl in front of me. I don't know who she is, but she's walking towards our school, but maybe she isn't a student. A little while after, I'm heading towards first period. I see that same girl heading in front of me heading to math. She has black hair and choppy layers at the top, and thinned out at the bottom with a light blue. She's wearing black laced tights and a very dark velvet color dress. She was very dark. I race up to her and touch her shoulder. \"Hi, my name is Cody. You must be new. What's your name?\" I told the girl. She turns around and I know that face. I imagine it under the make-up and I know who it is. \"Daylee!?\" She turned back around and went to her class. She didn't say one word to me. Not one. That never happens. I know that we haven't talked in two years, and it's my fault, but she never doesn't say a word to me, even if she's mad. I'm heading to math right now and every one stares at me, and chuckles and laughs. \"You have no life! You're such a slut!\" someone shouted \"Go kill yourself!\" another person shouted. It never ends. I'm still walking and someone comes up behind me and pushes me into a wall. Every one laughs. I run to the bathroom and skip first period. I start crying and sobbing. I look over at my back pack, I have my knife in there. I open it up and grab the knife. I take off all my bracelets on my wrist. You can see all the scars that I made myself. Yes, I cut myself, it takes away all the pain. I put the hot medal into my wrist. Blood starts dripping down my wrist. After three or four cuts, I put the knife back in my bag. I finally got courage and came out of the bathroom second period. When I came out every one was silent. Then, some obnoxious kid shouted, \"Were you doing another pregnancy test?\" every one laughs and they keep on laughing. I ran out of the building as fast as I could. I don't want to go to school, I don't want to go home. I want to be away from every thing. While I'm running I hear Cody shout, \"Daylee, wait!\" but I didn't. I knew I had to come back, because this was only the beginning. I sit down on a rock by the ocean. I'm breathing quit heavily because of me running. I take a deep sigh and listen to the crashing sounds of the waves. I stare into the ocean. There are big waves today, and every wave is bigger. The crashing sounds make me feel calm and peaceful. This is where I go when I am upset, it makes me feel better about myself. While I am thinking about all of those thoughts, I hear a catchy ring tone. It was my phone. I look at my phone and I got a text message, but it is from restricted. The text said, \"You need to lose A LOT of weight lol. You're fat. You're new nickname should be fat ass.\" What? I'm fat now. I walk back home and I got another text message. This one said, \"Hey fatty. I have two whole pans of cake left. Want it? Oh never mind, you'll eat it all in two seconds and get mad because there is no more.\" I walk up into my room and look at myself in the mirror. I take my shirt off and I'm just in my bra and shorts. I turn to the side and back to the front. I keep doing that for maybe five minutes. I guess maybe I need to lose a little late. I mean, they are kind of right, I am a little fat. I plop down onto my bed and open my journal. I see pictures of Cody and I when we were in fifth grade. We were so cute, we never thought our friendship was going to end, but we were wrong. I flip through a couple more pages and see a picture of my big brother, Jackson, and I. Jackson was about in the same grade as I am (junior) and I was in the third grade. I miss him. I haven't seen him in a year. CODY Why do kids have to be so mean? Daylee didn't do any of that stuff. I mean, I guess it's sort of my fault, but they didn't have to take it that far. I probably should tell what exactly happened, huh? It was two years ago. It was Daylee and I's first day of high school. We didn't have any classes together or our lunch period. I was sitting at the lunch table when the most popular guys in school come over. They said I could be a part of their group if I did something. They told me to spread one little rumor about Daylee. I didn't think it was going to get this bad. I'm very popular now, but I wish I could take that all back. I don't even recognize her anymore. She's not herself because of me. I'm going to try to talk to her tonight. I'm walking home from school and I go inside my house. I stop half way up the stairs and think to myself, should I actually go to her house and talk to her? What if she isn't home? I don't know what to do! I walk into my room and opened my window. Daylee's window to her room is across from mine, maybe we can talk like this, like we used too. \"Daylee? Are you home?\" I asked loudly. It was silent for a few seconds. Then her window opened. \"What do you want Cody?\" she asked. \"I need to talk to you. Can I come over? It's important.\" I asked trying to not look suspicious. There is a long pause. I'm waiting for her to respond. \"Fine, but not for long.\" she said. Yes! She agreed! Hopefully I can do this. \"Alright. Be there is a sec!\" I said excited. I sprint down my stairs and scream, \"Mom! Going to Daylee's house!\" and run out the door. I go up to her steps and knock on the wooden door very softly. While I am waiting for a response, I am thinking that nothing looks different. Even the trees are the same. Then I hear a creek from the door. I snap my head around to the door. Daylee opened it. \"Come on in.\" she said. I still can't believe she looks so different. She looks \"emo\" now. I'm sure her room is a little different too. I know she still loves Taylor Swift. I stare into her eyes for a little while. They were covered in eye liner. I look deeply down and I still see those beautiful big blue eyes. We walk slowly up to her room. I was actually kind of afraid. I mean, I haven't seen her in two years and she's a completely different person now. Daylee opens her door and there it is. I should have seen this coming. No Taylor Swift posters anywhere, all there was was these rock band posters. Why is Cody suddenly talking to me again? I am really confused but I am letting him in my house right now. I sit down on my bed and get all comfy. I play with my lip piercing a little bit with my tongue. I can feel the point of the piercing again my tongue. The piercing is right below my lip. A few seconds has pasted it is an awkward silence. Finally, I speak up and said, \"So what do you want?\" \"Well… um…\" Cody said stuttering. Something beeped. It sounds like a ring tone for a phone. Cody reached down into his pocket. He has skinny jeans on so it takes him a while to get his phone out. He grabs his phone and flips it open. \"Well I will be right back, I need to use the bathroom.\" I said. I go downstairs and open a drawer. I grab my notebook that I wrote \"I hate Cody\" in. I look over at my pencil on the shiny counter that you can't miss. I write very smoothly and softly on the paper and write, \"I think Cody and I are going to be friends again.\" I close my notebook and put it back into the drawer. I walk back up to my room and open the door. It made a very squeaky sound but it open very smoothly. \"I'm back.\" I said to Cody. He didn't say anything for a while than he said. \"Great, but I have to go. Sorry. Goodbye.\" he said. And that was it, he was gone. He never even said what he wanted to say to me. I can't believe I just did that, but I need to be popular! When she went into the bathroom, I got a text message… from the most popular guy in school, Brandon. It said, go to Daylee's house and take something. Like something that would get another rumor started, something… embarrassing. If you don't do it you're out of the group I grabbed her diary. It says all of her secrets in it and I stole it. We all have to make sacrifices to be popular… right? I walk up stairs into my room and plop onto my blue bed. I look around my room, which is white, and think of how boring it is. I get that out of my mind and grab my phone. I flip it open and start to text Brandon. Hey. I grabbed Daylee's diary. Hahaha im reading it now. Txt u later to tell u what I find. I flip open her diary and start reading. There is nothing very interesting until I found one specific page that said, \"Cody hates me.\" That was the only thing about me in the entire journal. I was hurt. This was the entire page. Cody hates me. He doesn't talk to me anymore, he hates me. I don't know what I did, but I want to find out. Everybody is so mean to me. I need another dose of my drugs. Bingo. Found it. Daylee has to take shots because of a certain reason, but it's a prescription. I can make this sound like she's taking drugs. I text Brandon and told him. He texted back, Hahahahaha that's great! I will do something tomorrow. That was it. It is done. I did something horrible and now I can't take it back. I am a horrible friend and person. DAYLEE Beep beep beep beep I open my eyes and all I can see is blur. Then my eyes are fixing themselves and I can see clear now. I look at the clock and it says it's 7:00 a.m. I force myself up out of bed and get dressed, do my makeup and hair, etc. Then I go out the door. I'm walking to school and I walk past Cody's house and I just think about yesterday. I get that all out of my mind and go to school for the day. While I'm walking everyone is staring at me and calling me names. I'm so confused. I start to walk to math and everyone is staring at me like an owl. I walk in the classroom and slowly shrink into my seat. After math I go into the bathroom. There was Angela and her crew. They go by Angels now. \"HAHAHAHA! Hey slut, do you need another shot?\" Angela said. \"What? What are you talking about?\" I ask holding back the tears. Cassidy looks over at Angela and says, \"Aw, I guess this little emo slut hasn't heard yet.\" \"Heard what!\" I scream. The Angels all look and whisper to each other. Angela grabs her cell phone and shows me a text. It says: Words from Daylee's diary: \"I need another dose of my drugs\" LOL this emo slut is a fucking druggy AND a fat ass gymnast! Quit gymnastics while u r ahead, Daylee. LOL Automatically my eyes filled up with tears. I'm not a druggy, I have to take shots because it's my prescription! We live in Florida and I'm allergic to fire ants, I have to take shots in my legs because I could end up dying. Who spread this? I'm a high level gymnast… \"Aw, she's crying. Maybe she'll cut herself again.\" Angels said. I just ran off sobbing. While I'm running in the hallway I hear people laughing at me. I run into the boiler room. CODY I shouldn't have done this. I just need to be popular. I can't handle being a loser. But neither can Daylee… What have I done?! I got myself into a huge mess. Shit. I need to stop this. Yes, I will. I'm done with Brandon's games I slowly walk to Brandon's locker and shooed the people around him away. \"Hey, what's your problem?\" he said. \"I'm done with your games Brandon. You said I would be popular two years ago. People still don't know who I am. I'm hurting Daylee and I'm sick of it. I… I just can't do this anymore.\" I said to him hardly breathing. \"Whoa. Hold up there bro. It's ok. You are just really stressed right now. Trust me, people do know who you are. They think you are cool because you hang out with me. I'm not playing any games. Now brush that stress of your shoulder and let's go have lunch.\" Brandon said to me. I took a deep breath. I will give him one last chance. \"Ok. Let's go.\" \"Good decision.\" He said. DAYLEE My eyes are all puffy from crying. I whipped my tears off and went back out into the hallway. There was no one there so I ran to the doors. I crashed right through those medal doors and ran home. It was about 5 o' clock. \"Where have you been Daylee Lynn?\" My mom asked. I could tell by her voice she's drinking again. She's drunk. I can also tell that by her voice. My dad left my family about three months ago. It's been really hard on my mom. So, she's been drinking, and even using my prescription shots to \"forget\" about my dad. It's not working. It's destroying her. \"I was working on a school project. Mom, I know you are drinking again.\" I said to her. \"That's not of your business what I'm drinking or not drinking! Stay out of it you stupid slut! God... you are such a stupid child!\" she screamed at me. Whoa, this is getting really unusual. She never yells at me like this. It's getting way out of hand. I look down at the blue carpet. Then I look up at her and say calmly, \"Mom… Really, please stop drinking. It's getting out of hand. You are going to end up hurting yourself or someone else.\" \"DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO YOU STUPID DAMN CHILD!\" she screamed. Then she punched me. Right in the face. It hurt like hell. It was bad enough I was getting bullied at school. Now I'm getting bullied at home. I can't get away from it. \"Mom! Stop it!\" I yell as an initial response. She grabbed a belt and grabbed me buy my hand and pulled me into another room where the neighbors can't see. She whipped me with the belt about 10 times. Blood dripped down my arm. CODY Beep beep beep. Time to go to school! I hope every thing goes right today. I walk to school and see Brandon in the hallway. \"Hey dude.\" I said. \"Hey,\" he chuckled a little bit than said afterwards \"Did you hear what happened to Daylee last night?' he said then chuckled even more. \"No… what happened?\" I asked very concerned. Brandon got his one last chuckle out. \"Well, the Angels stopped by at Daylee's house last night to tell her she needs to eat less. Well, when they knocked on her door no one answered, and they knew she was home because they followed her. They went into her back yard to look through a window. When they looked through… they saw Daylee's mom punch her!\" Brandon laughs, then he controls himself, \"Her mom called her a slut as well! I think Daylee is finally getting what she deserves! She's learning the truth. Anyways, Angela told me her mom dragged her off into another room that they can't see. They think her mom saw them. Angela heard that Daylee quit gymnastics too!\" I swear my heart stopped pounding. Sweat is dripping down my face. Her mom would never hit her. No. It must be a lie. I bet she won't even come in with a black eye. \"Cody?\" Brandon asked because I didn't say anything. \"Huh? Oh, yeah… Ha ha… funny…\" I said. Brandon shook his head then said, \"See you at lunch dude.\" I stared at the door. Waiting for Daylee to come in. It was five minutes before first period and she hasn't come in yet. Then I hear medal doors open. She walked in slowly with dark sunglasses on. Shit. That's a sign of someone hiding a black eye. I slowly walk up to her. Stared at her, and then pulled her sunglasses off. \"HEY!\" she screamed in anger. There it was, a huge black eye. Blue, purple, and green surrounded her entire eye .It was the biggest black eye I've ever seen. \"Is it true?\" I asked sharply. She didn't answer. She just stared. \"Answer me!\" I screamed almost crying. \"Please Daylee, I want to know.\" She took a huge breath then asked, \"Is what true?\" Her voice was so sharp, like she wanted to know an answer. \"About your mom… The Angels said she hit you then dragged you in another room. Is it true?\" I said very softly. \"How did they know about that!? What were they doing at my house?\" She very sharp this time, demanding an answer. \"|Is it true!?\" I said sharply. \"Yes… But it is none of your business! Stay out of it!\" she screamed. I looked directly up at her. She's extremely tall. She's about 6'1. I've always been shorter than her. We stared at each other for a while. Then she walked away, not wanting to be late for first period. I just stood there, in the hallway, wishing I could go back in time because it's my entire fault. Everything. Everything is my fault. Chapter 12 Daylee Why can't people realize that some people don't want to talk about stuff? Don't you agree with me? I mean, it bothers me so much! My mom isn't going to turn into a big, mean, pothead mother! I know she knows better than to do that! I'm confused about Cody. First he wants to be my friend again, then he changed his mind, now he cares about me? This kid's crazy. I put down my pencil from what I just wrote. I have like, five \"diary\" journals, it's kind of funny. I get up and go lay down on my bed. I look around my room covered in Sleeping With Sirens and All Time Low posters. Those are my two favorite bands. While I'm looking at them, it makes me want to listen to music. I get up from my bed and go to a wooden desk that is plastered with paper and journals. I open the first drawer on the right and grab my iPod and headphones. I walk back over to my bed and get comfy, and then I escape the world with music. My eyes are slowly closing from the wonderful sound of music. The music is so good, it gives me goose bumps. Right when I am about to escape the world entirely, I hear stomping from the stairs. I feel the little fear in my stomach and I rip my headphones out of my ears. The stomping from the stairs comes closer and closer to my room. Then all of a sudden, my door swings open. \"You stupid child! You were supposed to buy my non fat yogurt, not low fat! What are you trying to do? Make me fat?\" my mom screamed at me. \"Sorry, Mom.\" I said very quietly, almost mumbling. \"Don't you give me attitude, young lady! Since you gave me attitude, you don't dinner for a week!\" my mom said, almost throwing up from the beer. \"Mom!\" I screamed at her angrily. \"I don't want to hear any complaining! I will teach you a lesson after I eat my dinner, since you don't get any!\" My mom walked out of my room and slammed my door. What has she turned into? She's turning into a monster! I hear someone yelling from outside of my window. I walk over to my window and I see Cody from the other side in his window. \"Daylee… I have to tell you the truth.\" .[Chapter 2] CODY \"…So, that's it. That's the truth.\" I said, letting a big sigh of relief. I can't believe I just told Daylee the truth. The whole truth. I told her everything… everything. I think I'm starting to regret it now since she's not saying anything… \"So… you did all that for popularity?\" She asked in the softest voice, breaking the silence. It almost sounded like she was disappointed. \"Yeah. Like I said before, I'm so sorry and I wasn't thinking straight. I was just too caught up in high school and Brandon…\" \"You took my journal… My private journal… just for popularity?\" Daylee said interrupting me. She is very pissed now. \"Yes, but I don't blame you if you hate me. You have every right to be mad. I'm sorry Daylee…\" I said calmly. \"Mad? You think I would be mad? Ha, you're wrong! I'm not mad, I'm furious! Do you have any idea what you did to me, yet alone my family! I was happy, my mom was happy, even my dad was happy. Then, apparently, I ignored my family from being depressed! That's what my dad said, and do you know what happened after that? Well, my dad left ! He got annoyed with me being \"depressed\"! Do you know how much that hurt me, Cody?\" \"Daylee… I- I'm sorry!\" I said trying my hardest not to cry. \"Oh, it doesn't end there! After my dad left… my mom started getting depressed, which caused her to drink again! Now she's drunk all the time and tortures me as well! She hit me, Cody… She hit me. My own mother hit me. She doesn't feed me anymore. What am I supposed to say to Jackson when he comes home? 'Oh, sorry well our mother is being stupid and drinking again because of me.' He comes home tomorrow, Cody. Do you see what you did to my family? You caused me to cause crap in my family. I… I just think it's time for me to end it. My life is a living hell. It's never going to stop… There is no escape. It's just time for me to end it.\" Daylee said crying. My throat is starting to hurt from trying not to cry. Butterflies are starting to fly around my stomach. \"W-what do you mean?\" I asked. I knew exactly what she meant; I'm just hoping it isn't what I think. Daylee sniffles then whips off her tears from her beautiful face that's still under all of that makeup. She sighs then bites her lip for trying not to cry again, but she fails. She shakes her head in shame while she's crying. Then she closes her window and curtain. Tears start dripping down my face uncontrollably. \"Daylee!\" I scream. More and more tears roll down my face. There is no answer. The only thing I could see was her navy blue curtain through her window. I'm glad I told her the truth, I'm just terrified that that was the last time I was going to see my best friend ever again.[Chapter 3] DAYLEE My heart is racing and my face is hot. I heard Cody not so long ago scream my name, but I ignored him. My palms are sweating and I'm freaking out. Should I do this? My life won't get any better. Will Jackson turn against me too? I don't know. I can't think straight. I took a deep breath then sat down on my bed. I decided to take a nap so I can think straight later tonight. While my eyes were slowly closing my door slammed open. \"What's up, Mom?\" I asked trying to sound as casual as I can. I don't want her to think I'm scared of her. \"Who the hell were you talking to?\" she asked almost yelling. \"W-what do you mean?\" I said stuttering. Gosh I must sound like an idiot to her. \"You know what I mean! I heard the whole thing! You practically said you hated me! You're such an ungrateful child!\" she screamed in my face while gripping my arms extremely tight. \"Mom… you're kind of hurting me.\" She bit her lip in annoyance and anger. I definitely shouldn't have said that. She started screaming in rage then pushed me to the ground. She started punching and kicking me as hard as she could. The whole time I was balling my eyes out in fear. She probably thinks I'm weak. After about 10 minutes of punching, kicking, clawing, etc. She stopped. My mom got up and went out of room and slammed my door. I just lie there curled up in a ball. Tears were all over my face. I heard the front door slam, so I go over to my window. I open the blue curtain and I look down to my driveway. It's just a dirt driveway that's extremely wide in width, but very short in length. I see my mom go into her 2010 Subaru car. The tires squeal then the car is out of sight. I sigh in relief that's she's gone and I leave my room and go into my bathroom. I switch on the light and walk forward to the rusty old mirror that's surrounded by a baby blue colored walls. I look at all the blue, black, and green bruises that cover my face and body. I see blood dripping down my face near my eye. I sigh then grab a paper towel and whip it off. It must be from when she clawed me in the face with her freakishly long fingernails. My mom looks terrible. She has horribly messy blonde hair and she wears baggy clothes all the time. Since my dad left, there wasn't one time that I did not see her without a beer bottle in her hand. I tried to wash my face without it hurting because of the bruises, but I failed. I sighed again and threw the paper towel with my blood on it away and flicked the light switch off, and then I headed back in my room. I plop down on my bed wishing my life could end. Beep beep I got a text message. I open it with my white iPhone it and it says: Lol the fat emo's big brother comes home tomorrow! I've always wondered how Jackson is related to you… I mean you're so FAT and EMO and WORTHLESS. I'm surprised he's even coming home with you around. Lol but seriously though, you're worthless. Kill yourself already. It would be a better for all of us! I couldn't help but cry. Tears were all over my face again. Don't people realize words really do hurt! I can't take it anymore. My head is pounding and somehow I ended up pacing up and down my room. Should I do this? I don't know… Maybe they're right. Ugh! Okay… I know what to do. More and more tears drip down my face when I went to the bathroom . I flick the light on and open the mirror (it's one of the mirrors that's a cupboard). I stare at it for a while to make sure it's my final decision. Once I made sure it was, I grabbed the pills.[Chapter 4] THIRD PERSON POV Daylee lays lifeless on her bed. She has a pill bottle in her left hand that's hanging over the bed. Her eyes are closed, revealing more of the black eye her mother gave her. The cut she has on her forehead is still bleeding, trickling down on the side of her face. Both of her arms have bruises up them and she has a cut on her lip. She is very pale and her lips are blue. I know what you are thinking, she killed herself. WRONG. She was going to, but, by the time she got to her bed, she felt so tired. She laid down and closed her eyes just for a second, the next thing you know, she's gone. Her body couldn't handle all of the beatings she was getting. She was beaten to death. Sounds so cruel, right? Well, it is, but she died peacefully... in a way. On her nightstand is her cell phone. It is still opened up to all of the texts she getting from her bullies. Her eyes are all stained with makeup from crying. So, she didn't die so peacefully. In her left hand there's a not. It was the start of her suicide not. It read: By the time you read this, I will probably be gone. So, I'm going to write one thing to everybody that I want them to know before I die. Cody: I forgive you. Don't hate yourself for the rest of your life, because I truly forgive you. Mom: I will NEVER forgive you. You should be ashamed to call yourself a mother. Jackson: I love you. You are the best brother in the world, and I'm sorry I caused all this crap in the family. Dad: I- That was it. She never finished. It's sad that this happened, it truly is .But, do you think she wants people to know she didn't actually kill herself? I'm sure the police will find out, if anybody ever finds her. I know what you are thinking, 'This is such a sad ending! Why couldn't this have a happy ending?!' Well, in reality, there are no happy endings, but this isn't the end. This story is far from the end. There's always bumps in the road in life, and this is just one of the bumps in Cody's and Daylee's family life's. There is so much more they are going to have to face... ","Summary":" DAYLEE I open the big metal doors. I take two steps and I already feel sweat on my forehead. I feel"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"The Letters","Author":"Smoltenica","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5467904","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In Which Fiona Thinks 15th August 1945 32 Billingsworth Ln Sussex, Britain My dear Elaine, It has been far too long since last I saw you! Is little Heather settling back into Basildon? I have not seen her since the evacuations, and oh, how I miss her! I can hardly begin to imagine how wretched you must have felt. Oh Elaine, I am so sorry to burden you with this dreadful letter, but I'm feeling awfully low at present. I know I should be glad that the war is over- and I am glad!- but I keep remembering how horrid it was in the hospital. All those poor men who must have left family and sweetheart behind to lie, bloodied and dying on a sanitised bed, a nameless nurse dressing their wounds. Tallis- Briony- always hated that. And that's why I'm writing to you, sister o' mine. I am so troubled when I think of that poor girl. She was always very odd. Do you remember how i told you she was always running away at night? We all thought she had a secret, dashing lover! There was no lover. Only a typewriter. I remember the first time I found her. I was absolutely dying for a cigarette, it had been a cluttered day and Matron had been in a particularly foul mood. She'd been shouting at Tallis again- apparently she had told a soldier her real name. I never saw what was so bad about that, Tallis always seemed to care for her patients. At any rate, I was up in the loft for that much needed puff, and there she was, hunched over her typewriter. Only she wasn't really typing- more staring out at the bleak London sky. She looked so dreadfully low I simply had to go talk- and you know how I am, all babble with no pause! I think I said something foolish about her lover- that he'd be tall, dark and habdsome or something equally absurd- and then I had giggled. (Matron hated it, she was always telling me off for it. Only goes to show how little she knows- Geoff absolutely adores it. I don't think Tallis minded it much, either.) She then told me the funniest thing- that she'd never been in love. Can you imagine that? I couldn't. I thought of all the beaus I've had, all the boys I've fancied. But Tallis claiemd she'd only ever 'had a crush'! I still remember how funny she looked when she said that, Elaine darling. She simply stared into the distance- even further if possible. And oh, but did she look guilty! Why anyone should feel guilty about having a crush, only the Lord knows why. I'd tried to cheer her up by saying that I wished to fall in love with a man from the navy (you know how I've always admired their uniforms!) and I had laughed, and she had laughed- but I had always wondered about the guilt in her eyes. I used to think that, maybe, she hadn't told him how she felt and he was off in the war. Perhas she was like Sarah (what did happen to poor Sarah in the end? You never told me what happened once Private Lawrence came back from the campaign in France. Did he go to her or did she finally fall for someone else? Do tell in your reply!). Matron certainly led me to think so. I heard her talking to a doctor about the French soldier she got Tallis to look after before he died. (Yes, yes, I know what you will say about my habit of listening in. It wasn't my fault, honestly! Matron had made me stay back to do all manner of chores, and she was talking quite loudly- but I digress.) Tallis herself didn't tell me much about the incident. She seemed dreadfully shaken. I think she went to the loft again after that- my, but she was always writing. Creating a little fantasy, no doubt- not that i ever followed her. Matron said that Tallis had held the dying man's hand; held it tenderly as if they'd been childhood sweethearts. She sounded mocking, but I couldn't help but listen at that. Tallis denied knowing what it was like to be in a relationship, but I'd thought she'd lied, and here was Matron, giving me proof! Oh, I know what you'll say, Elaine. You'll tell me I oughtn't have neglected my duty (no matter how menial) to eavesdrop, that I should only listen when I am told to. I couldn't help it, though! Tallis was such an extroardinary and odd girl, and I cared about her- still do- how I could I not listen to whatever it was that Matron had to say? Apparently they jabbered on in French for a little (how many secrets that girl kept! If I had known earlier, I'd have asked her to teach me French)- and with his dying breath she had gasped, \"Briony! My name is Briony!\" What on earth could that have meant, Elaine? I still think of it, sometimes, in conjunction with her mystery childhood crush. Maybe he loved another. She never told me, though. I hate not knowing! (Geoff tells me I really oughtn't worry about another girl's secret love life when I have him, and I know that it is true, and he is right, but I can't help but think of her! Surely you will understand, Elaine?) You'll call me silly, I know you will. But at least you will call me. \"Silly Fiona\"- you'll say that, won't you? Please do, please call- and call as soon as you receive this letter! You see, the thing is- well, Briony wrote to me the other day. (You may ask why I call her Briony and not Tallis now. Well, sister dear, she only told me her name was Briony in the letter! To call her Briony without being told would almost be like stealing from her.) Briony had a sister. A sister named Cecilia. Had being the key word. She is absolutely distraught . I was so surpsied, Elaine! I had never known she had a sister. Now that I think of it, I hardly knew her at all. Her sister was dead , Elaine. Had been dead since the October bombings. Why in heaven's name did she not tell me sooner? Or, if tell, why tell me now? I don't know! But now I am wretched on her behalf. It was the bombing of the Underground. She must have died when the water flooded in. (I would hate to drown.) Please don't tell anyone. Briony was so hesitant in her letter. I am unsure of whether or not she even mean to send the letter to me! She did write (and I quote exactly), \"I am sorry to write this- even sorrier I will never send it. She will never forgive me now. If only- if only\" And it ends there. You will not tell, will you? Not even Harry? Oh, to hell with this! I shall probably end up writing you another letter myself. I don't think Briony truly meant to send that letter to me in the first place. But what in heaven's name did she mean when she said, \"She will never forgive me now\"? What could she have done that needed to be forgiven? She went through such a wretched time in the hospital, I know she hated it as least as much as I did, if not more! Surely that was suffering enough. And now she is sisterless and single and guilt-ridden. Oh, Elaine, I wish I could help her. But mostly (and i feel so dreadfully selfish writing this!)- I want you to call me and say that will never happen to us. But I can't say anymore, not in this letter. I ca- (Here the paper is crumpled up and thrown away. Another letter lies on the desk nearby...)[Chapter 2] 17th August 1945 32 Billingsworth Lane Sussex, Britain My dear Elaine, I miss you so much. Thank you for your lovely present- Geoff truly enjoyed it and told me I had the dearest sister in the world. We plan to be married this October- Lord knows how I'll get everything ready! Maybe we shall simply elope. Do say you will come, though, even if we do elope. I shall call you and tell you where to find us. I heard from my friend at the hospital- Tallis, you remember. Her name is Briony. (She's the one whose cousin married Paul Marshall, remember? She never did tell me much about it- said she went, but was silent as a grave elsewise.) She seems dreadfully upset nd lonely. I am so glad I have you, sister! You and Geoff make me so happy. I love you, Elaine. Please stay well. All my love, Fiona (soon to be Merchant!) ","Summary":" In Which Fiona Thinks 15th August 1945 32 Billingsworth Ln Sussex, Britain My dear Elaine, It has b"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Behind the Library Door","Author":"lizdonaghy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4745665","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For my (HazieRox's) WHAT IF?nForum challenge. Situation: What if Briony cameninto the library a couple moments earlier than she did? This story is based mostly on thenmovie, but you all should know I've read the book, numerous times,nso maybe unconsciously I'll add in some information that peoplenwho've read the book would understand but maybe the movie left out.n: ) Disclaimer: Never owned it, Nevernwill. I wish though…you don't know how happy I'd be. xo Hazel Briony stood carefully, examiningnthe hair clip she held so delicately in her hands. The clip, shiningnwith its jewels, bounded off onto the walls, reflecting from thenlight of the chandelier. They were not real diamonds, to bensure. Not diamonds that were organized in a star fashion, but simplynlittle sequins. Fake, but ultimately glamorous never the less. Briony squinted her eyes as shenexamined closer. She's seen this barrette many times before, but itnlooked different…more worn, in a way. She pulled the star an inchnaway from her face, and it was then when she noticed it. A part ofnthe gem had fallen off, crushed was more like it. The metal that wasnsupposed to be attached to the hair was bent. It appears that someonenhad stepped on it. Her twelve-year old mind searchednfor the last time she saw her sister wearing her barrette. It wasn'tnthere when Briony went searching through Cecilia's cupboard thisnafternoon for her necklace she wanted to wear for tonight's dinner.nHad it been at lunch? Had Cecilia already been dressed when she camento greet Leon? She couldn't remember. She turned towards the direction ofnthe living room, prepared to ignore everything. Pretend that nothingnhappened. In fact, nothing really had happened. It was only anbarrette. \"What was in the version I wasnmeant to read?\" Briony's head shot around. It wasnher sister's voice. She recognized the bitterness. It was a weirdnthing to admit, only recognizing a loved one's voice by the hatenthat lay within. She heard it only this morning, when she keptninsisting on the explanation of why Cecilia and Robbie drifted apart.nWithout thinking, Briony started to sprint in the direction of thenlibrary. A fine strip of golden light was thenonly thing shining through the dark hallway. It flickered slightly,nmeaning someone had moved. It only pushed her curiosity, so she movednfaster towards the door. She peeked in slightly. She knew itnwas wrong to eavesdrop, equally as wrong as to open someone else'snletters, but surely the wrong cancels out if it was with thenintention of protection. Though it wasn't that Cecilia needed any…nshe was a fully grown woman who was perfectly capable of protectingnherself. The logic she so desperately tried to convince herself tonbelieve failed as she continued on listening. What would she do, if things got outnof control? She wasn't at the age to go barging in. She could tellnLeon, but he would probably tell her not to worry. Mother would overnreact, as she always does, and Lola was her age. She had alreadynrevealed too much when she told her details of the letter and whatnhad happened by the fountain, and she was no help anyways. She saw her grandfather's old desknlamp shining on the table in the middle of the room. Books and suchnwere scattered in an orderly fashion, but that was not what she wasnfocusing on. Cecilia had propped herself againstnthe desk, leaning in a way that was ever so graceful. Her emeraldngreen gown flowed gently at her feet, and the different colors thensilk reflected once shone on by light was captivating. \"It's been there for weeks…\"nCecilia continued. For a moment, Briony thought she wasntalking to her, but it was obvious she wasn't. The coat of a man,ntall enough to be Leon's friend, the one with the funny hair,nblocked her view deeper into the room. He was standing by the door. Briony inhaled deeply, in a way thatnshe hoped to be silent. She took a step back, realizing that the openndoor, and her face, was in the direct sightline of her sister. \", and then this morning by thenfountain…\" Cecilia paused. Briony stood still, petrified of thenpossibility to be caught. It was Robbie in front of her, she guessednlogically. It was him at the fountain with her, not Mr. Marshall. Inna way she was grateful that it wasn't Mr. Marshall. She wouldn'tnadmit it to anyone, but he scared her. Her curiosity pricked at her as shenmoved, ever so slowly, to the right, just so that she could have anbetter view, but still be out of sight. Cecilia's eyes were damp.nShe watched as they continued on talking. Cecilia couldn't meet the man'sneyes. She was nervous, to be sure. He stood still as a statue,nprobably too afraid to interrupt her. Cecilia started to move towardsnthe back of the room, and Robbie followed. Briony took thisnopportunity to widen the door. It didn't creak, like it did lastnweek. Someone must have oiled it. \"I've never done anything likenthat before. I was so angry with you and with myself…\" Briony couldn't see them anymore.nThey had moved backs so much that the weak light shining from thenlamp didn't hit them. They both had their backs facing them,nanyways, so it wouldn't have mattered. Briony stepped back, and satnslowly on the floor outside the library door. She could listen justnfine from where she was. The hallway was carpeted with an old rednrug, long and rough. It scratched at her bare legs, but she didn'tnmind it. \"I thought if you went away tonmedical school, I'd be happy. I don't know how I could have beennso ignorant about myself, so…\" Briony crawled over to watch them.nCecilia turned around apparently, to face Robbie. Her voicencracked…she was crying. \"So stupid.\" This was quite a disturbing sight tonsee. Her older sister, the stone of the family was breaking down. It had always been Cecilia, nevernmother, who Briony her when she was in tears. When she came out of annightmare as a younger child, it had been Cecilia who would wake hernwith a motherly tone, who welcomed her to her bed. Cecilia had beennthe one to be there when her play was falling apart. It was alwaysnCecilia. Briony finally had a chance tonwonder, as she never did before, who had been there to dry Cecilia'sntears? To wake her from a horrid dream? To stand by her when thingsnweren't going her way? She shot out of her thoughts whennshe heard her sister continue. \"You do know what I'm talkingnabout, don't you?\" A creak followed. Briony assumed shenwas stepping backwards, as the floors in the room weren't asnstable. There was a small sob, and more words followed. \"You knew before I did.\" \"Why are you crying?\" It was Robbie. It was thenfirst time she heard him speak during this whole scene. His tonenwasn't of hate, or of sadness. He sounded different. Briony leanednforward even more. \"Don't you know?\" Cecilianwhispered. \"Yes, I know exactly.\" Briony gasped and sat back down, hernview into the library blocked again. She did not want to see this,nand nor was she aloud. A creak followed, and then silence. Briony felt mixed emotions risingnthroughout her entire body. Confusion was dominating, and followednclose behind was a strong sense of… She couldn't describe it. It was anfluttering feeling in her heart, and her mind was screaming the wordn'finally' over and over again. The silence was broken by a seriesnof deep breaths, and Briony could only start to imagine what wasngoing on behind the library door. She started to stand up slowly. Shenwasn't going to intrude any more than she already did. Small gaspsnand moans flowed from inside, and Briony resisted the urge to blocknher ears. She walked, almost zombie-like towards the exit when anrather loud grunt came from inside. She froze in her steps. Silence. She knew what they were doing. Shenhad read books in secret. She wasn't old enough to learn all thatnjust yet, but she knew something was wrong when all the creaking, thenpanting, everything stopped. She spun around on her heels andnlistened carefully. \"Robbie.\" Cecilia whispered. \"Cecilia…\" Robbie returned. \"I love you.\" Cecilia saidnbreathlessly. \"I love you…\" Briony released the breath shendidn't know she was holding. She had been wrong about him. The grunting started again, loudernthan before. Briony rushed out, closing the door to the entrance ofnthe hallway behind her. The hallway door did very little tonmuffle the sounds coming from inside, and for a moment Briony wishednshe took the time to carefully shut the library door as well. Theynwould have obviously been too busy to notice the door close a coupleninches shut all the way from across the room. She debated going back, but wentnagainst it. Everyone she knew was in the other end of the house,nwhere the dining room, kitchen and living room was. They would be toonfar away to hear anything. Briony leant against the back wall,nand tried to steady her breathing. Once it was at a reasonable speed,nshe started to walk, slower than before, but still at her usual fastnpacing to the dining room. She was never one to take her time atndoing things. She entered into the main room, andnsaw Leon lounging on the sofa. Emily, her mother, was on the giantnchair that Briony loved to hide behind as a child and Pierrot wasnrunning about. \"Where are Lola and Jackson?\"nShe asked him as he came past her. \"Lola's finishing her face,\"nPierrot explained. \"And Jackson's hiding.\" \"From what?\" She asked him. \"Hiding from me, of course. I'mnlooking for him.\" Pierrot smiled, getting on his hands and knees.n\"We're playing a game.\" Briony smiled slightly as shenwatched the curly mass of red hair lose itself behind the piano. \"Pierrot, get up at once.\" Emilynordered. \"You'll dirty your pants.\" \"Sorry, Auntie Emily.\" Pierrotnapologized, standing up shamefully. \"I can't find Jackson. Inthought he might be hiding behind there.\" Emily smiled and leaned forwardnslightly, whispering into his ear. Briony saw a grin appear, andnPierrot went sprinting out of the room. Briony went and sat on the sofanbeside Leon. \"Where's Mr. Marshall?\" Shenasked him. Leon leaned his head back andnexhaled. \"Doing something or anothernupstairs. Probably getting ready.\" He looked forward and smilednuneasily. \"I have reason to suspect that he wants to look well fornour sister.\" \"Cecilia?\" \"Yes. I think he fancies her.\" Briony turned away and starednstraight ahead. Leon looked at his sister suspiciously. \"You don't want him to likenher?\" Briony asked him after a moment of silence. \"Who said that?\" \"Nobody, the look on your facenexplained it all.\" Briony explained, laughing a bit. \"I just think its odd, a friendntogether with my sister.\" \"She doesn't like him.\" \"I agree. She says he has odd hairncoming from his ears.\" \"I agree.\" \"Why don't you like him?\" \"No reason…\" Briony lied,nplaying with her fingers. \"I just think he's wrong for her isnall.\" Leon nodded, smirking to himself. \"Where is she, anyways?\" \"Cecilia?\" Briony asked.n\"She's…upstairs.\" \"Making herself look perfect fornRobbie, I suspect.\" Leon smirked. \"Why would she do that?\" Brionynsnapped, protectively. \"What did she tell you?\" Leon leaned back again, \"Whynshould it matter? Has she told you anything?\" Briony opened her mouth to speak,nbut her mother beat her to it. \"Briony, what on earth have youndone to your legs?\" Briony looked down and her eyesnwidened. Before her, her normally pale legs were covered in unevennsplotches of pink and red. It must have been when she sat on the rugnin front of the library. Her mother was instantly at her side,nexamining the marks. \"It's nothing, Mummy,\" Brionynbreathed. \"I didn't even notice.\" \"It looks painful. Does it hurt?\"nLeon asked, also noticing her legs. \"It looks like a serious rash.\" \"It's nothing. Honestly.\"nBriony explained through gritted teeth. \"I must have hit somenpoison ivy when I was outside earlier.\" \"We should wait for Robbie.nCecilia tells me he wants to be a doctor. He should know what thisnis.\" Leon said, ignoring Briony. \"Stop fussing over me.\" Brionynpleaded. \"It really is nothing.\" \"What is nothing?\" \"Paul, there you are. Do you knownanything of rashes?\" \"None at all. Maybe that RobbienTurner could help.\" \"Where is he, anyways? Is he withnCee?\" Emily asked. Briony bit her lip and stood upnstraight. She automatically offered to go in search of them, butnEmily refused. Briony started to pout when Emily asked if she hadnvisited the library. Briony's head shot up as she replied. \"Why would you ask that, Mum?\" \"As a child you used to rollnaround on your uncles old rug. You always had reactions from it…theynlooked like this.\" Emily explained, rubbing her thumb over a patch.n\"We moved the rug to the library.\" Briony denied this. It was thentruth, in a way. She hadn't step foot inside. She simply stood atnthe door. She had a feeling deep in her stomach that began to emerge.nShe often told small, white lies and afterwards she felt no guilt.nWhy when she told partial truth, she felt so wrong? \"Where did you get that necklace?\"nLeon suddenly asked. \"It looks like Cee's\" \"It is.\" Briony admitted,nfingering the delicate white shells on her neck. \"I borrowed it.\" \"With or without permission?\"nEmily asked. \"Without, obviously.\" Briony turned guiltily towards thendoor, where someone had replied the answer. \"Cecilia, there you are. Do knownwhere Robbie is?\" Leon asked. \"Yes, he's…\" Cecilia paused.n\"In the lobby.\" \"I trust you to be polite to himnthis evening.\" Leon warned. \"Oh I will.\" Cecilia smiled. Briony looked at her knees, also rednand covered in splotches, and smiled to herself. She couldnpractically hear the satisfied smirk coming from Cecilia's bruisednlips. \"Did you run here, Cee?\" Emilynasked. \"You look out of breath.\" \"Yes I did. The clock in my roomnmust be early, I thought I would be late coming here.\" Cecilianreplied smoothly. Briony looked up and examined hernsister. She didn't even flinch as she spoke the lie… \"Oh, Briony.\" Cecilia called. \"Yes, Cee?\" \"Please before you take somethingnof mine,\" Cecilia paused. \"Or open something of mine…\" Briony looked down guiltily. She wasnready for a talking to… \"Please ask permission?\" \"Yes, I'm sorry.\" Brionynanswered quickly. Cecilia smiled and petted her headnbefore looking down. Briony grinned. Cecilia was probably too happynto be angry at Briony right now. \"My, what happened to your legs?\"nCecilia exclaimed. \"It's a reaction from the rug innthe library. From the looks of it, it was recent.\" Cecilia's head shot up and starednBriony in the eye. The happy look had disappeared from her face, intonone of suspicion. Briony would not look at her. Cecilia bit her lipnand looked back down nervously. With one hand she ran her fingersnthrough her hair, with the other she grabbed Briony's arm. \"Mother, I'll take her tonRobbie.\" Briony heard the tone in Cecilia'snvoice. It was one of authority. Mother dare not say no…and shendidn't, as predicted. Slowly Briony rose from the sofa,nshe resisted the urge to wince as the burning sensation in her legsnbrushed against the rough fabric. She hadn't felt it before…shenhad been too distracted. \"Are you hurt, dear?\" \"No. She isn't.\" Cecilianreplied for her, in the same tone of authority. Briony flattened herndress and silently, the two sisters walked hand in hand out of thenroom. Briony's legs started to sting as she moved forward, but shendidn't let it show. Cecilia's hands were cold, and tremblednslightly as she closed the door. The minute the door to the livingnroom was shut, Cecilia dropped Briony's arm and continued onnwalking. Briony watched as the silk dress swayed behind her. Briony's lips parted, ready tonspeak but she quickly shut them. Cecilia kept walking, further andnfurther down the hallway, and for once, Briony wasn't the fastest. \"Cecilia,\" Briony whispered.n\"The lobby is the other way.\" Cecilia didn't reply. She keptnwalking with her head high, though Briony knew that she heard her.nThe click of her heel was the only sound echoing through the longncorridor. xox This is a different style ofnwriting than I'm used to. If it sucks, please tell me. Please, please, PLEASE review.nI'll buy cookies : ) xoHazel[Chapter 2] sorrysorrysorrysorrysorry! Holy crappers, has it really almost been a YEAR since the first chapter?! I'm so bad at updating. I'm so sorry about that. Double virtual cookie to the thirteen people who reviewed : ) THANKS. They honestly make me do this little dance with every new one. Now, I could explain why it took me so long to update, but I think you guys would prefer just going straight to the next chapter. Oh, please check out my forum! There are tons of challenges there to make \"What If\" stories like this one. Try them out : ) Disclaimer: Still don't own it. I wish I did. xox \"Cee…the lobby. We're going in the wrong direction…\" Briony tried again. Cecilia sped up, and walked up to the end of the hallway, where she turned sharply to corner her sister between the dark paneled walls and the long twisted stairs. \"When were you in the library?\" Cecilia demanded. Briony stared guiltily at her legs, seeing the reminder of her crime splattered across in pink and red rashes. She shook her head stubbornly and raised it to give her sister a defiant look. \"I was never in the library, Cee.\" \"Don't call me that.\" Cecilia snapped angrily. Briony's strong-willed face faltered, and she shakily took a step back. She felt her throat start to clench but she willed herself not to cry. Not now…not in front of her sister. Seeing this, Cecilia had to look away. She had just been horrid to Briony for the past couple of days. She would have liked to blame the heat for all her nastiness, but she would be lying to herself. Cecilia turned back and held strong as she continued on bitterly, \"Just tell me the truth, Briony.\" \"I was never in the library!\" Briony insisted, blinking rapidly to hide the tears she felt starting to emerge. \"Briony.\" \"I wasn't!\" Briony cried angrily, feeling the edges of her ice blue eyes start to burn. Her voice echoed through the long, empty corridor. The strength and tone surprised both girls. \"Briony Tallis, don't you dare use that tone with me.\" Cecilia warned. \"You tell me the truth or I'll tell mother about how you read my letters.\" \"Then I'll tell her what was in the letters.\" \"Go ahead.\" Cecilia encouraged with a wave of a hand. \"She would never believe you.\" Briony's shoulder curved and she hung her head. They both knew Cecilia was right. She stared into Cecilia's cold brown eyes and saw the determination hidden within. Cecilia stared back and Briony looked deeper and saw another emotion…desperation. \"I was never in the library.\" Briony repeated quietly. \"Brio-\" \"I stood at the door.\" Cecilia's open mouth hung, but she quickly pressed her lips together tightly. She parted again, starting to say something, but closed once more. Cecilia ran her fingers through her hair, feeling the beads of sweat start to form at the edge of her hairline. She was at a loss for words. Briony saw everything . Briony simply closed her eyes and begged for an interruption of the silence. \"Oh God…\" Cecilia breathed finally, herself not enjoying the silence as well. She delicately pressed her finger tips to the middle of her forehead before muttering inaudibly to herself. \"I'm sorry.\" Briony whispered, finding her voice. \"I didn't mean to.\" Cecilia dropped her hands to her side and demanded angrily, \"How long were you there for?\" Her voice had cracked at the second word, and Briony winced, not raising her head as she replied, \"Long enough.\" That was answer enough for Cecilia. She didn't stay any longer. She straightened her back and turned on her heels. Briony wished she had the courage to call after her, but when she raised her head, Cecilia was gone. Alone, she sunk to the ground, with wet tears escaping her eyes. xXx Cecilia paced back and forth outside of the bathroom door. She paused and stared at the many twists and turns that appeared in the wood, following the trails that dragged on throughout the long panel with her eyes. She raised a clenched fist but hesitated slightly before pressing her white knuckles against the door. The once silent room instantly erupted with sounds of clattering and crashes. \"Robbie?\" Cecilia called, leaning in closer to the door. In response, a long series of curses flowed through, and more crashes ensued. Instinctively, Cecilia reached for the cold brass door knob, which seemed to attach itself to her sweat covered hands. Just as she started to turn, it twisted from the other side and the door pulled open with such force, and without warning, it pulled Cecilia into the room. \"Oh God,\" Cecilia heard Robbie gasp. \"I'm so sorry…\" Cecilia unraveled her fingers from the doorknob and used her other hand to rub her shoulder, which started to pound from having her arm pulled. She blinked her eyes multiple times, having to adjust to the blindingly bright bathroom, having been in the dark paneled hallway just seconds before. \"Are you all right?\" Robbie asked. Cecilia opened her mouth to speak, but didn't find the words. She simple nodded her head and refused to meet his eyes as she did so. \"That's good…\" Robbie murmured, pulling at the ends of his coat. She bit her lip and stopped rubbing her aching shoulder. \"Is everything all right?\" She asked nervously. Her head started to pound as she finally looked him in the eyes. His gray-blue eyes stared into her swirling brown ones, and he replied, \"It's very well, actually.\" Cecilia blushed again, automatically dropping her stare, and Robbie took this opportunity to continue. \"About the library…\" \"Robbie, I think you're wanted by mother.\" Cecilia interrupted quickly. \"Briony has some sort of medical problem.\" \"Oh.\" He nodded. Cecilia winced slightly at the sound of the younger Tallis' name. She realized that she could probably never look her in the eyes again, not after what happened. Cecilia sighed softly and started to lead him out of the bathroom. \"Are we going to go on pretending nothing happened?\" He blurted. Cecilia's eyes shot up, and she answered in more of a bitter tone than she had hoped, \"Is that what you think we're doing?\" Robbie shook his head, \"No, not at all.\" \"Because I hope you know that I'm going to acknowledge it, even if you're not.\" Robbie started to chuckle to himself, \"Well, I'm acknowledging it.\" \"Fine.\" Cecilia huffed, glaring at him. She didn't like the smug tone in his voice, but the anger only seemed to amuse Robbie even more. Robbie smirked at her and Cecilia's glare weakened. Her eyes brushed over and stared at his lips, firm and slightly bruised. His eyes trailed curves of her body, starting from the hem of the dress up to her hips, then chest. He noticed the small red mark that appeared on her neck and felt a pull at the muscles of his lower stomach. Robbie took a couple slow steps forward, and his face was only centimeters away from hers. \"What are you doing?\" \"Your dress is slanted.\" He whispered as he brought his hands down to caress her hips. Cecilia tried to resist the urge, but she soon leaned in and pressed her lips against his. \"Robbie,\" She whispered against his lips and she brought her thin arms over his shoulders and linked them behind his neck. Robbie could feel her heart beat against his, the steady pound growing faster and faster with each passing second. He returned her kiss, gently slipping his tongue through her opened mouth. \"No, Robbie. We shouldn't.\" Cecilia murmured, pulling her head away. \"Everyone's waiting for us.\" He sighed and nodded. He let go of her hips and Cecilia dropped her arms from his shoulders. \"Does Briony actually have a medical problem?\" Robbie asked. Cecilia sighed bitterly before nodding slowly, \"Her legs have ugly marks all over. There are red and pink rashes from her kneecap down.\" \"Do you know what from?\" Robbie asked, opening the bathroom door for her. \"Yes.\" Cecilia walked out of the bathroom. Robbie followed but she held him back. \"When Briony was a child, do you remember her allergies to my uncle's rug?\" Robbie thought for a moment before nodding. \"The red one?\" \"Mother moved that rug so that Briony couldn't access it. They gave her rashes all over her arms and legs.\" Cecilia told him slowly and carefully. \"She knows, doesn't she?\" Cecilia was about to open her mouth to speak, but another voice interrupted them. \"There you guys are.\" Leon Tallis greeted. \"Mother's waiting.\" Embarrassed by the interruption, Cecilia nodded briskly. Her eyes lingered on Robbie before she pulled away, walking swiftly to the dining room. She didn't feel like speaking to Leon just yet. While walking away, she heard him ask Robbie softly a question about her. \"What on earth has Cee been up to?\" Leon asked. \"Why do you ask?\" \"She's been acting so odd since I've arrived.\" Leon sighed, \"I really wouldn't have any words to describe it.\" Robbie stated briefly that he didn't realize Cecilia acting any different than usual. He hadn't intended to lie, not to Leon… but he wasn't sure if Cee was ready to admit anything to her family just yet. Leon continued to talk, though Robbie was hardly listening. His mind was focused elsewhere. The moment Robbie and Leon entered the sitting room, Emily Tallis quickly escorted Robbie to Briony. She was sitting quietly on the sofa, not looking anyone in the eye. She didn't look distracted, but more like embarrassed… especially when Robbie started to lift her dress to examine the rashes on her knees. It was quickly determined that it was in fact an allergic reaction, but it wasn't anything serious. Robbie left for the kitchen, coming back with a cold cloth and some aloe vera. He told Briony to keep the cloth pressed against her legs, especially in the areas that were irritating her most. He also told her not to rub it around, in fear that it might spread even more. Briony simply nodded. \"Well, Turner.\" Leon laughed, \"Seems to me that you'll make a very good doctor someday.\" \"I should hope so.\" Robbie smiled, his eyes darting slightly over to Cee. Emily quickly stood up and instructed they leave for the dining room. \"Mother, where are the twins?\" Cecilia asked. \"Yes, and Lola?\" Briony chipped in. \"She hasn't finished yet?\" Just as the words left her mouth, a pink cheeked Lola appeared makeup and all. She was wearing a pink dress and her overly curly, bright red hair was parted as best it could. Cecilia bit her lip, looking amusingly at her younger cousin. The best description she could possibly give of her appearance was that she looked slightly ridiculous, and quite a contrast to Briony. Brionywas wearing a milky white dress which was loosely fit around her petite frame. \"Sorry I'm late.\" Lola breathed with a wave of her hand. \"I lost track of time.\" \"It's quite alright.\" Leon grinned. \"Should we leave for the dining room now?\" Emily nodded and stood up, \"Briony, look for the twins, will you?\" Briony nodded and slowly stood up, careful not to touch the couch with her legs. As she started walking to begin her search, she couldn't help but notice Robbie and Cecilia lingering behind. Cecilia waited until Briony was at a safe distance before speaking, \"Robbie…\" she started. \"She saw us, didn't she?\" Robbie murmured slowly. \"How else would she have gotten the allergic reaction?\" \"I'm sorry, Robbie.\" Cecilia whispered. Robbie walked over and grabbed her hands, \"You shouldn't apologize, it's not your fault.\" Cecilia gave a weak smile, \"I still feel partially responsible.\" \"Cee? Robbie?\" A voice called, \"Hurry up, you two.\" Robbie chucked and led her into the dining room. They dropped each others hands while they entered, but they were promptly linked again the minute they sat down. \"Quite the weather we're having.\" Paul commented lightly. \"Yes. It was always the view of my mother that hot weather encouraged loose morals.\" Emily told him, \"In high summer my sister and I were never aloud out of the house, she thought the neighbors would be unnecessarily provoked.\" The table laughed, though Cecilia remained quiet. She was too focused on the other hand linked to hers. \"Oh, Paul, what's happened to your face?\" Leon asked, \"You're cut.\" \"Oh, am I?\" his hand went to the side of his cheek, \"Oh, look at that.\" \"Do you want me to clean it up for you?\" Robbie asked. He shook his head, \"It's barely noticeable. No sense in interrupting this wonderful dinner.\" Meanwhile, Briony had just finished searching the hallways. The twins were nowhere to be found on the main floor so she moved on. Briony walked briskly up the stairs to the twins' room, but found it empty. She started to turn around; perhaps they were in the playroom. As she reached to turn off the light, something caught her eye. A letter. A single white folded piece of paper laid haphazardly on the bed covers. As she unfolded it, she recognized the childish penmanship, the zigzag flourishes and the familiar orange crayon. To whom it may consrn: We are gong to run away becase everyone is so horrid to us and we want to go home. Sory we took some frute and that There was'nt a play. Pierrot and Jackson. Without another thought, Briony rushed down the stairs and entered the dining room. Slightly out of breath, she interrupted Lola in mid speech to exclaim, \"A letter!\" \"Give it to me!\" Cecilia demanded quickly, rising slightly from her chair. Since all eyes were focused on Briony, almost everyone failed to notice that Cecilia had accidentally pulled Robbie's arm onto the table as well as hers. Briony stared at their linked hands before turning to focus on the letter, which she quickly read aloud. \"We'll pull out a search party, they couldn't have gone far.\" Paul said quickly, already standing up from the table. \"Cee, you come with me.\" Leon told her, \"We'll start out in the fields.\" Cecilia sighed and stood up, \"Let's go.\" Briony watched as they all rushed out the doors, but she pulled at her mother's arm, \"Mummy, what about me?\" \"You can't go out alone, especially now. You could catch yourself on more poison ivy. Stay here and wait to see if they come back.\" Emily instructed strictly. \"But…\" Briony trailed off to a silence. They had all left. She started to walk around the house, incase the twins had changed their minds and had decided to hide instead. The house was empty. She continued to walk aimlessly until she found herself standing right in front of the library door. Curiously, she stepped inside. To anyone else, it looked no different than before; but Briony noticed the books were in different places on the desk, like they had been knocked off and placed back. She walked to the back bookcase and ran her fingers down the line of books. She decided she would never read any of these again. When she left, she made sure to close each door tightly. Briony went to stand at the front door. She saw the flickering of flashlights in the distance. At her feet, a spare flashlight lay. She picked it up and turned it on. Briony usually wasn't one to disobey her mother, but she had a strange feeling about tonight. So then, Briony strayed away from the house and started towards the lake. xox Hey, be my best friend and review? HAZIEROX ","Summary":" For my (HazieRox's) WHAT IF?nForum challenge. Situation: What if Briony cameninto the library a cou"},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Am I really this stupid?","Author":"Malec is my otp","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10635063","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 7/24/2014 6:30 pm Dear diary, Shannon called me a bitch twice. I swear hearing it the first time made me feel numb, like getting a bruise and it slowly goes away, the second made me feel like a bullett went through me. I don't know why, I mean I've been called a bitch, ass, motherfucker by other people, but when Shannon called me a bitch, it really hit home. I feel that she just added the cherrry to a worst ice cream ever. I mean I barrely see Alex, I don't want to see my dad but I do want to see him get better, I have to clean the dam house and what does she do? Go on her phone and play games! Her boyfriend is helping me clean, so is her friend that is living with us for July, and Shannon just sits there. I am so pissed. I don't even think about forgiving her. This will take a lot more than 'I'm sorry'. I feel like I want to die. Just take the whole thing away. I don't want to feel this pain. I just want to end it. I know better to actaully do it, but for right now out of all the options it's making it's way up to option a. So far it's at option U. I don't know what else I can do. I just want to cut myself and cry. I want to black out from the world. Go into a coma something has to be better than this feeling inside of me. It feels like an ache getting bigger and bigger and suddenly I can't help it anymore. I can't take tums or alieve. I can only help by crying, which doesn't help that much. I told Ms. Killian about my siblings and how they were so great. Now I think I was just living a fantasy, living my own world because I woke up from that dream and found out what my sister really was, a rude, stupid, mean, bitch. I can't forgive her, not after this. I hope to keep this from everybody. I feel as though the only way to get rid of this ache is to make a bigger pain. I can't just kill myself. I feel like cutting is the only way. I told my mom to get me a counselor and now I guess she waited to long to listen to me. I needed a counselor a long time ago. I just don't think a counselor can help with this. I just want Shannon to go away. She has caused to many problems and I can't wait till she leaves. It may mean more chores for me, but I already have to do them all. Shannon is a useless sister. I can never have a true relationship with a bitch and I'm happy I realized now. OK, so hurting myself is now at option p. Pain is the only thing I can think of. My mom isn't answering my text, I don't want to tell dad, I mean who am I supposed to turn to? Chaney? He is more blood related to Shannon then he is me. He will thinkI should give it a while, but honestly I am sick of her and I have been for a while. Mom just texted me and said Shannon, her, and I would have private chat. I don't who Shannon thinks she is, but you never have a reason to call someone a bitch.[Chapter 2] Dear Diary, I told myself that I would only write in this folder if I ever felt like cutting for hurting myself. I don't want to go to that option. I also don't want to turn to the option where I leave camp. I forgot to mention that Elena is an ass and so is Lynn. I get that Lynn does what she can, but she could of put Elena into another group like she told my mom. Instead I have to cry myself to sleep while my mom talks to Lynn on the phone. I don't want to leave camp, but if Elena is still in my group tomorrow morning I am LEAVING for GOOD. I can't handle it. Camp isn't fun and I don't feel safe with the counselors anymore. I hate it. I wan't to be able to talk to the counselors about something else than Elena and Demetri. I hate camp and for some reason when I look into the mirror I see a sniffeling girl fear written all over her face. I look at my divergent poster and read the quotes which makes me cry even more. I don't understand this quote. My fear in the past makes me cry, another way of shutting down. Waking up consistants of sucking up what I have and trying to make a good=Worse time ever. My fears included Margot Doraz and Elena. Margot bullied me. I felt like I wanted to die. I couldn't live with myself. She called me ugly, fat, horrible and I realized she is right. Elena she... she slapped me then did rude things. She doesn't know who to be kind and never listens. She would lick her hand then wipe her hand on her hand then try to touch me. I would yell stop and she wouldn't until I walked away. She would be so freaking rude. I wanted for something bad to happen to her. The way I am raised though, I know it's wrong.[Chapter 3] Dear computer, Today, August 19, 2014, I cut myself. It was a sliver, it felt kinda good. At first it hurt, but then I got used to it. I hope it won't be permenant go to. I told my mom I needed a counselor before it was too late. I don't want to end up like Lisa. I don't want to die. I do feel depressed. I don't feel fully depressed, but I'm crying all the time, mostly for no reason. I usually cry because everything is so over whelming. With finding my dad after 3 years of missing, finding out I have a 3 year old brother, my name can't be changed, I just can't keep my feelings in. I'm crying as we speak I never meant for this to happen. I wrote these to help me with my problems now it's like I'm writing a damn blog. I mean I... I knew I was a mistake from the beginnning, but could never grasp onto the idea. I know it's write. I hate myself and I hate how I always second guess myself! I wish I was smarter. I was faster. A lot more things that would waste my data. I'm thinking about the movie cyberbully. This reminds me of my life. Being bullied inside and outside of school. I have always thought of dying. I never thought I would try. I mean I cut myself so I would feel good.I have to admit. It felt good. The pain was what I needed to bring me back to reality. My life is just a piece of shit and I know now that I am a waste of space, of air,of water, of anything else I'm using at others need terribly. I hate it and I hate me. I don't like my life. My older sister, Shannon, is being an ass. Chaney, my older brother, lives in Mass and I can't talk to him. Samantha, my step sister, is just a piece of shit in general. My little brother is 3 and doesn't even know how to speak English. I have no one to talk to. My mom says I can talk to her and my dad, but honestly, no I can't. They don't understand what it's like to live like this and honestly I don't want to live like this.[Chapter 4] Hey guys. An hour ago I called my crush and did what I should never of done. I told him that I like him. He was the best thing that entered my life. I can't believe I did the most stupidest thing ever. I'm sorry I haven't posted in a while but here it is. ~Jacque It rings Hey it's Jack I'm sorry I can't get to the phone right now... Beep \"Hey Jack it's Jacque the reason why I won't tell you my crush is because I like you. It maybe since 5th or 6th grade. That's why I am soo mad because you talk about girls infront of me and I'm mad that I can't tell you about my crush. Bye\" (Txting me is regular and Jack is Bold ) Hey Jacque I just listened to your voicemail now. And I am so sorry that I sounded like a *#*% It was my mistake of choosing you now like I said before don't talk to me. Thoughts God Why am I such an idiot! Why, why would I do that. Geez-us I'm such an idiot. I wish I could cut myself or better yet die. I have 2 and a half hours till my parents get home. Why did I choose my best friend to like then tell him? I'm such a stupid, idioti bitch. I shouldn't of sent it. I should of written it instead. I wish it never happened. My friends didn't know and now only he knows. God kill me. I will forgive you if you kill me or give me a reason to kill myself or at least give me the strength to make the pain weaken why I kill myself. I can't do this. I can't handle the pain. I can't handle what he will do tomorrow to see him. I can't bare anymore tears streaming down my face. I can't handle his eyes, or nose, or mouth in my head without see a big red X through it or a devil face. This is all I'm writing. Comment if I should show him my stories.[Chapter 5] Update to those who subscribed to this page: I am alive. I'm on antidepressants. I got the help I needed. If you were reading this story because you felt like you couldn't be helped then please contact me. I'm always open to dms. I love talking to you guys. I'm so sorry for no updates especially since its been a few years. Anywho, I'm a sophmore in High school and I'm getting by. I'm living life the way I never thought I would. I have amazing friends, my mom and dad love me, and I'm out to my family as LGBTQ*. I love you all and myself. Please contact whenever 3! XoXo, Jacque ","Summary":" 7/24/2014 6:30 pm Dear diary, Shannon called me a bitch twice. I swear hearing it the first time ma"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"They Call Me Peggy","Author":"1980s-popito","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11856773","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They Call Me Peggy Margaret \"Peggy\" Simpson stepped into the library at Merton College in Oxford, England. She was studying and working to gain her doctrine in Earth Science and Botany. She had a project for one of her classes, and she'd been told that there were the exact books that would be perfect for her to fly through her projects. Peggy held tight to her shoulder bag that held her school books and papers and supplies as she slowly and gently opened the door to the library. She gently closed the door behind her and used the same hand to tuck a few strands of her naturally blonde hair behind her ear. She looked around at the labels on the shelves to try and locate the science section of the large library. After looking through the majority of the library for nearly ten minutes, Peggy gave up with an annoyed sigh. She looked around the library from where she was standing to try and find someone who didn't look to be too busy to ask for help. Her eyes scanned the surrounding area, stopping on someone who was standing in the next aisle of book shelves. The man in the aisle was scanning the rows of books, pulling out a book or two in the process. The man was tall and slender, but not weak-looking; he looked slender, yes, but he was well built. He had brown hair that looked soft, the kind a person might run their hands through, or play with the slightly long edges of. At the moment, his exact eye color was not easy to view at the moment. His face was full of seriousness and focus, but not like he was as stiff as a board. Peggy thought for a moment. He seems like he knows his way around here, she thought as a small smile formed her lips, And he's kinda cute. She took a deep breath before walking into the aisle and toward the man, who looked only a year or two at most older than herself. As she walked toward him, she took note of the different books he had: neurology, music theory, biology, and a few other random textbooks. Her eyes widened in amazement at the diversity of the books. Peggy gently tapped the man's right shoulder. \"Excuse me,\" she said timidly, \"Can you help me with something?\" The tall, slender man turned slightly to look at her; she noted his eyes were a dark shade of blue. When he saw her, his face softened from its serious and focused state and he turned toward her completely. She's beautiful, he thought. He cleared his throat slightly. \"Uh, yes,\" he answered, \"Sure.\" Buckaroo Banzai- the tall man- was a jack of all trades. He was studying for his doctorate in neuroscience to be a surgeon, music theory to be a musician, and a scientist. He had also been trying to learn about automobiles during his free time, in connection with his scientific studies. He also would write poetry or songs once in a while in his free time. He was very focused on his studies, only taking time on the weekends for himself- but usually doing some experiment or working on his musical instruments: guitar and pocket trumpet. For the first time in his life, Buckaroo was intrigued by a woman; this blonde and gentle-looking female had caught his attention, and not just because she was asking him for help with something. He'd never really focused on romance, just on his school studies and anything else on the side he had been working on his whole life. When he saw this girl, he felt as if he'd just entered one of those old, cliché Cary Grant romance films his mother used to enjoy when he was a small child. The guy sees the girl, or vice-versa, and he becomes intrigued by her radiance and beauty. The thing was, he didn't really mind in this case. \"I noticed you had some science textbooks, so I was wondering if maybe you could show me where the science section of the library is?\" Peggy asked in a hushed tone. \"Of course,\" Buckaroo answered in an equally quiet tone, \"It'd be my pleasure.\" The two began to walk to the science book part of the library, Peggy following Buckaroo as he led her there. There was a silence between the two, partly because they were in a library and it was a rule not to speak but only whisper in a library. The silence was not awkward, and neither really seemed to mind it at all. \"If you don't mind me asking,\" Buckaroo starting, gaining her attention, \"What science are you studying?\" Peggy gave a small, gentle smile. \"I don't mind at all,\" she answered, her smile still in place, \"And I'm studying Earth Science and Botany. What're you studying?\" \"I'm studying Neuroscience and Biology, mostly. I'm also minoring in Music Theory; I'm a musician.\" She gave an impressed look. \"A scientist and a musician, very impressive. Have you only been studying here or any other schools, as well?\" \"I've only studied here, actually. I had thought about going other places, but I've just stayed here- with the exception of visiting my home in America every break and chance I've got.\" \"That explains why you have not British accent,\" Peggy chuckled, \"You don't give it a chance to take over your speech.\" Buckaroo chuckled as well. \"You make a good point,\" he smiled, \"What about you? You don't have a British accent either.\" \"That is because I just transferred here from Princeton University in New Jersey on a scholarship. I just got here last week, and I have no idea where I'm going around campus, but I think I might be getting the hang of it.\" \"You must be pretty smart to get transferred on a scholarship, then.\" \"No clue,\" she shrugged, \"That's for the Dean of Admissions to decide, I believe.\" Buckaroo chuckled again. \"I admire your sense of humor,\" he smiled, and she did the same. By that time, the two had reached the science books and articles area of the library. He showed her the specific and different sections of the library science section, even giving her suggestions of certain books and areas of study that might be helpful to her while she worked on her project and any other future science and botany projects she might have. \"Thank you so much for helping me,\" Peggy smiled gratefully, \"I really appreciate it.\" \"At the risk of being forward,\" Buckaroo said and cleared his throat out of slight nervousness, \"It was an honor and a privilege to have been able to help a woman as beautiful as you… which leads me to my next question.\" \"Yes?\" \"Since you said that you're still a bit unsure of the campus, I was wondering if maybe I could show you around sometime. That way, you'll be able to get around without any trouble.\" She smiled again and her cheeks turned pink, and she hoped and prayed he didn't notice her pink cheeks. \"I would love that. I could meet you back here tomorrow at noon, if that's a good time for you.\" \"It's perfect,\" he smiled. She smiled back again at him and turned down the aisle as he began to turn to walk away. He stopped and turned back around. \"Miss, wait,\" he called back as quietly as he could, but trying to be loud enough for her to hear him. She turned back around, tucking a strand of her blonde hair behind her ear. \"Yes?\" she asked. \"I never caught your name.\" She chuckled in slight embarrassment. \"Oh, yeah! I forgot, I'm so sorry. My name's Margaret Simpson, but everyone calls me Peggy for short. And I didn't catch your name either.\" \"It might sound a bit strange to you… it's Buckaroo Banzai.\" \"Buckaroo Banzai,\" she repeated to herself as a smile formed her face, \"No offense or anything, but that's not a name you hear every day- but I like it. It sounds different.\" \"Thank you. Yours is very lovely as well.\" \"I'll see you tomorrow, Buckaroo Banzai.\" He smiled back at her. \"As well to you, Margaret 'Peggy' Simpson.\" The two smiled at each other as they both turned away from each other, both anticipating their meeting at the front entrance of the library the next day at noon for a tour of the campus. ","Summary":" They Call Me Peggy Margaret \"Peggy\" Simpson stepped into the library at Merton College in Oxford,"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"The Return of Buckaroo Banzai","Author":"P.J. Lowry","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12519294","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Most students on campus got excited whenever spring break came along. Many of them would plan luxurious getaways, with every expense being covered by their plump trust funds. Then there were an odd handful of students who were not leaving campus for the break. These were the kids not blessed with a silver spoon in their mouths and were attending the extremely expensive private school through a scholarship given out by the schools. Most kids on scholarship were so smart the school wanted to use their intellect to help them compete with other schools with regard to academic competitions. But when spring break came around, most of them either couldn't afford to fly home or really had no one to visit. To accommodate them, the school left one proctor from the dormitories there to watch over them during the week off. It was never hard to find a volunteer from the proctors as the person chosen would get double pay for their efforts. He kept those kids busy by assigning them chores, such as cleaning up labs or even polishing music instruments. When it came to the choice between the two tasks, most would choose to take the instruments as while cleaning spit from horns was bad, there was no telling how gross the beakers and test tubes left in the science labs were. This was Maxwell's lucky day when he drew the music room. He happily strolled down to the large classroom where all the instruments were on display and some of them were badly in need of a polish. But when Maxwell opened the door to the music room, there was another person in there waiting for him. The man was sitting on a desk and has an instrument of his own, a blue electric guitar that was plugged into a small amp that was sitting on the same desk. He was wearing black dress pants and had a white dress shirt but wore no tie, and had the sleeves rolled up. He was strumming a blues tune on the guitar that the young boy couldn't recognize but the man was very good. The sound echoed through the music room well, but it wasn't too loud to bother him. The man playing looked quite old, as Maxwell had to guess he was at least in his late fifties, if not older. Maxwell stood there at the door, holding his cloth and a bucket of water with a special cleaner mixed into clean the instruments. \"Hello,\" Maxwell said, looking at the older man before him. \"Do you work here?\" \"I do not.\" The man said, before strumming off a few more chords, making his guitar sound like it was crying. \"Oh… okay,\" Maxwell said, gesturing to the horns on the other side of the room. \"Do you mind if I get to work? I don't mind if you play but I have some cleaning to do.\" \"As a matter of fact,\" The older man said as he stopped playing, \"I do mind.\" \"You do?\" Maxwell repeated. He had no idea how to respond further. \"I do,\" the older man said as he smiled, \"This is a terrible waste of time for someone as bright as you, Maxwell.\" \"How do you know my name?\" Maxwell asked, suddenly quite nervous. \"I've been watching you for a while, Max.\" The old man replied, \"I work for a secret institute funded by the government, and we keep an eye out for great young talent that could make a major contribution to science and our nation.\" \"Who are you?\" Maxwell finally asked, trying not to be rude. \"My name is Buckaroo Banzai.\" The old man answered. \"Buckaroo?\" Maxwell repeated, looking at him weirdly. \"Seriously? Who names their kid Buckaroo?\" \"That would be my father, Masado Banzai.\" Buckaroo replied, \"My Dad was a big fan of American Westerns, so I was named Buckaroo. Mom seemed to go along with it because she was a big fan of alliterations.\" \"Masado?\" Maxwell repeated again, \"He sounds foreign.\" \"He was,\" Buckaroo confirmed, \"He was born in Japan.\" \"You don't look Japanese.\" Maxwell observed, because he clearly didn't. \"That's because I look like my mother,\" Buckaroo continued, \"I also got the best of both worlds, being raised by two people brought up in totally different backgrounds. The fact they were both brilliant scientists was kinda helpful as well.\" \"And you work for an institute?\" Maxwell asked, trying to pay attention. \"It's mine actually,\" Buckaroo corrected him, \"I founded and run the entity known as the Banzai Institute.\" \"I've never heard of it,\" Maxwell said. \"We made some headlines in the eighties,\" Buckaroo explained, \"But we had an unfortunate mishap with another dimension, and the government insisted we keep on the down low to prevent any more incidents like that. They agreed to all my funding requests and since my popularity lead to some of the conflict, I agreed to go underground and do all our work in secret.\" \"What's your field?\" Maxwell inquired. \"I don't mean to brag,\" Buckaroo said, smiling at the young boy. \"But I'm a particle physicist, a neurosurgeon, a test pilot, and the lead man of my own band.\" \"Whoa,\" Max said, taking it all in. \"Didn't expect that answer.\" \"I'm a man with many hats, Max.\" Buckaroo continued, \"Far too many to mention right now, but I've come a long way to meet you. I hope you'll give me a bit of your time so we can talk.\" \"Why have you been watching me?\" Max then asked. \"Are you mental?\" \"No,\" Buckaroo answered, \"But I have been ionized. I'm okay now.\" \"So why the secret surveillance?\" Max inquired. \"That's a fair question,\" Buckaroo said, strumming a few more cords to buy him some time. \"I could tell you the same answer we usually get about looking for recruits; that you're the lucky guy we want to recruit but its total bullshit. I'm here because of one simple reason: family.\" \"Family?\" Maxwell repeated. \"Yes, Family.\" Buckaroo confirmed. \"How much has your mother told you about her family?\" \"Not much really,\" Maxwell answered, \"She was raised by her mother, so I only know Grandma and her side of the family.\" \"Fair enough,\" Buckaroo said, strumming again. \"You're not going to tell me you're my father, are you?\" the boy then asked. \"Do I look the right age to be your father?\" Buckaroo countered. \"Well you are rather old,\" Maxwell concurred. \"Gee, thanks.\" Buckaroo said, chuckling to himself. \"I'm not your father, but to ease the suspense, your mother is my daughter. One of a few kids I got running around this part of the world. She never said anything about me?\" \"Nope,\" Maxwell replied, \"And I would remember, because you don't hear about people named Buckaroo that often.\" \"Good point,\" Buckaroo said, as he finally stopped playing. \"Well I'm here now, and I'd like to take you the Banzai Institute.\" \"Why?\" Maxwell asked. \"Because you're one of us, Max.\" Buckaroo said, \"Like I said before, I've been watching you for a while and your grades are through the damn roof. You're far too smart for this place and it's time to bump you up to a bigger challenge.\" \"How do you know I'm even here?\" Max asked. \"You're not on a scholarship,\" Buckaroo replied, \"The Institute has been footing the bill for a while. I also pushed for your admittance.\" \"How did you do that?\" Max inquired. Buckaroo smiled. \"Once they knew who your grandfather was, they couldn't admit you into their school fast enough.\" \"How do they know you?\" Maxwell retorted, \"I thought you were on the down low?\" \"I am,\" Buckaroo said, \"They know me because I used to be their student, which is why I wanted you to attend here. I was eager to see if you were smart enough to join me at the institute.\" \"This is too much,\" Maxwell said, as he took a seat. \"It's spring break, Max.\" Buckaroo reminded him, \"You have some spare time. Let's take the jet to the institute and you can get out of here for a while.\" \"The jet?\" Maxwell repeated, stunned. \"Yeah,\" Buckaroo said, smiling. \"We have a private sesna waiting for us. Test pilot, remember?\" \"I don't think I can,\" Max declined, \"Mom would never approve of this.\" \"She's already signed off,\" Buckaroo replied, \"So did the school. You'd be surprised what you can get away with using a fat cheque book.\" It suddenly dawned on Maxwell. \"You're rich, aren't you?\" \"Let's put it this way, filthy just doesn't do my situation justice.\" Buckaroo replied, as he unplugged his guitar from the amp. \"But that doesn't mean squat to me. It doesn't define a person's character or their value to the institute. You're going to learn that when you get there.\" \"Okay,\" Maxwell said, putting the rag down as he realized that he wouldn't be cleaning a single horn or beaker for the entire week. \"Let's go.\" \"Good man,\" Buckaroo said, passing the small amp to him. \"Carry this, and let's get packing. Then I'll give you your first flying lesson.\" \"Really?\" Maxwell asked, his face stunned. \"No not really,\" Buckaroo replied, laughing. \"But maybe one day if you're lucky.\" \"Just one thing,\" Maxwell then stated. \"What is it?\" Buckaroo asked. \"I'm not calling you Buckaroo,\" Maxwell informed him. \"Okay,\" Buckaroo said, \"You could always call me Grandpa, Gramps, Opa, Pappi, or even granddad. I've always liked O Jiichan myself. Any of those would work.\" \"Nevermind,\" Maxwell said, as he took the amp from his grandfather. \"Let's get the hell out of here, Buckaroo.\" ","Summary":" Most students on campus got excited whenever spring break came along. Many of them would plan luxur"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"The Stages","Author":"1980s-popito","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11874292","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Stages \"I've never seen him so upset,\" Perfect Tommy whispered, \"Actually, I didn't think it was possible for him to ever act like this.\" \"He's only been this upset once before in his life,\" Professor Hikita pointed out, \"And that was when he was five years old when his parents were killed by Xan.\" \"I've been meaning to ask you: what's up with this Xan guy? Why does he hate Buckaroo so much?\" \"Because Buckaroo is a Banzai. Problems going back generations between the Banzai family and the Xan family, I believe, is why Xan hates him so much.\" Perfect Tommy gave a weird look. \"So killed Buckaroo's parents, his wife too- don't take this the wrong way, but why hasn't he tried to kill Buckaroo yet then?\" \"I don't know that yet,\" Professor Hikita sighed, \"I always fear that Xan's planning something to do just that, though.\" Rawhide, Mrs. John and Pinky Carruthers came running down the hallway. They all had bold looks of worry on their faces, especially the only woman of the group- who had been best friends with Peggy Banzai. \"He's not opening the door,\" Rawhide said with a sigh, \"And he's not even acknowledging the fact that we're there.\" \"He's practically locked himself alone in that room since the funeral a few days ago,\" Mrs. Johnson reported in a worried tone, \"He's barely come out, barely eaten, and I doubt he's gotten any sleep. I'm really worried about him.\" Ever since Peggy's funeral, nothing had been the same around the institute; everywhere you went, it felt like something was missing or like you forgot something when you leave but you can't figure out what it was. Except everyone knew what was missing. It was only a week, and things had begun to go wrong in certain parts of the institute: the greenhouse and the lab that was working on neurological studies, in particular, and then a little bit with the rest of the labs. Unfortunately, when you got right down to it, problems throughout a system always seemed to start at the top. Buckaroo had practically locked himself in his office the whole week after her funeral. He was almost like a recluse: no one saw him and he kept himself hidden from practically everyone. He had never been this way before, and as confirmed by Professor Hikita, had never acted this way during his life except for when he actually realized what had happened to his parents as he grew up. He was always the one to keep his head and composure in situations, and now that he was the one who wasn't- with good reason- no one really knew what to do. \"We need to get in there,\" Pinky said urgently, \"Something could be wrong with him.\" \"Let me try,\" Professor Hikita said, then started down the hall quickly. The four younger colleagues followed him until they all reached the office doors labeled, \"Dr. Buckaroo Banzai\". The professor knocked hard on the door multiple times. \"Buckaroo,\" he called, \"If you don't open this door, we're going to come in on our own. You know I have a key.\" The four younger scientists gave each other weird looks as the older man took out a key and began to unlock the office door. \"He has a key,\" Perfect Tommy whispered to his friends and colleagues, half stating, half questioning. They watched as the professor unlocked the door and opened it, giving access to their higher up's office. They all rushed inside and looked around for the recent widower frantically. They eyes all fell to the figure that was lying still on the couch that resembled their boss and friend. When the five ran over to the couch, they were shocked at the sight in front of them. Buckaroo was lying on his back on the couch, unconscious. He looked sickly; he was pale, even in his unconscious state he looked dazed, he just looked… not right. This sent the five into a panic, worried about their friend and what had caused his current state. It didn't ease their nerves that the office was a bit disorganized and out of sorts. \"Ok,\" Rawhide started, \"Mrs. Johnson, you get some water. Tommy, get the institute physician and bring her here. Pinky, check in with security to make sure none of Xan's men got in here or that anyone was in here except for Buckaroo. Professor, help me try and wake him up.\" \"Do we put the place on lock down?\" Pinky asked. \"Not unless Xan's men or anyone else got in. Now go!\" The three nodded and ran out of the office to do as they were told as fast as they could. Rawhide and Professor Hikita turned back to try and wake up Buckaroo. \"C'mon, buddy,\" Rawhide muttered as they shook him by the shoulders as hard as they forced themselves to, \"C'mon, you gotta get up now. C'mon, get up.\" The two continued to shake the man violently in attempt to wake him up, also by slightly tapping their hands against his cheeks in attempt to bring his color back. After doing this for five to ten minutes, the scientist began to stir awake, slightly easing the nerves of the cowboy and the professor. The two watched and lessened their strength as he groaned and placed a hand against his head, mumbling, \"Stop shaking me like that.\" A moment later, the other three came running back into the office, along with the institute physician. Mrs. Johnson gave a slightly relieved look when she saw her boss was awake. \"Thank God, you're awake,\" she breathed out, \"Are you alright? What happened?\" His only response was slight movement, probably trying to find a comfortable position, and another light groan in pain. \"At least he's awake,\" Perfect Tommy commented gratefully. \"Yeah, but barely.\" \"Would you prefer not at all?\" \"Enough,\" Rawhide snapped at the two, \"Now's not the time.\" The six all stopped what they were doing when they heard mumbling again, but no one could make out what was being said. The physician then rushed over to the couch where Buckaroo was, which made Rawhide and Professor Hikita to jump back away from the furniture. While the institute physician examined their higher up, the five stood awkwardly and nervously at the front of the office desk at the other side of the room. None of them said a word, each one too nervous about how they'd found their boss, their higher up… their friend. Ten minutes later, the physician walked up to the five. \"Ok,\" she started, \"Good news is that it seems so far that this isn't drug related. I'm going to do a blood test once we get him to the infirmary, but I'm ninety-five percent sure there were no drugs involved. Bad news is that I can't really tell quite yet why this happened or what happened, but I will be able to soon. I have a hunch about it, based on certain factors, but I need to verify and prove my hunch. Like I said, I'm bringing him to the institute infirmary, and I'll get back to you all by the end of the night. I would've called an ambulance, but based off of certain events, if this was a certain someone's doing- you all know who- I don't want to risk this all being part of a plan.\" As the five geniuses all waited, they sat in the cafeteria. Only a few words were exchanged between them all, only asking questions or letting out their nerves about their current situation. \"Did security find any of Xan's men?\" Rawhide asked. Pinky shook his head. \"They couldn't find any,\" he answered, \"But you know how sneaky they can be. Hell, one posed as a priest just a week ago.\" \"Not helping to ease our nerves here when you bring that up,\" Mrs. Johnson mumbled sadly and she stared down into the coffee in her mug, which had gone untouched the whole day. That night, just like she said she would, the institute physician went to look for them to report her results. She took all the files she needed and walked to meet them all in the cafeteria, which was empty. She walked up to the round table where they were all sitting. \"Alright,\" she started, \"Apparently, Buckaroo was severely dehydrated and there was practically no food in his system. I'm more worried about the dehydration, considering a person can go weeks without food, but only a few days with water. We're giving him liquids, so he should be alright in a few days, though. And thankfully, after going over his blood test, I couldn't find any trace of drugs- and I did a triple check on that, still nothing.\" \"Why's he so dehydrated?\" Professor Hikita asked. \"At the moment, until he wakes up, I can't really give you a sure answer. But honestly, I think it's due to Peggy's death. It's no secret to anyone how hard he's been taking it since she was found at the church right after their wedding. If I'm right, he's going through the seven stages of grief.\" \"Wait, I thought there were only five stages?\" Perfect Tommy asked. \"It's a very debatable point with no real definite answer. Some say there's five, some say there's seven: I say it has certain dependents. Factors like how close a person was with the deceased, the effect on each other's lives, things like that. Now, Buckaroo hasn't really experienced grief since 1955, and even then, he didn't really fully understand what had happened until he got a bit older. But by then, he had already grieved and he already had certain realizations. But that was around twenty-five years ago, so now that's he's going through it and understands right away what happened, it's taking a toll on him, and he has to go through the grieving process.\" \"What are the seven stages of grief then?\" Professor Hikita asked, a bit confused, \"And how does that last?\" \"Shock or disbelief, denial, bargaining, guilt, anger, depression, then acceptance- but it does always have to go in that order, with what seems to be the exception of shock and acceptance. Everything else can go either way, it seems. And like I said about the others, it can vary from person to person. One person, it can last a day, one a week, one a month, and so on. It depends with certain personalities, closeness, even age.\" \"Is there anything we can do to help him?\" Mrs. Johnson asked. \"You can watch how he griefs. Once he's able to leave the infirmary, keep a close eye on him, make sure he's doing alright, and that he's hydrated and eating at least a little bit.\" One week later- two weeks after Peggy's death- Buckaroo was allowed to leave the infirmary and roam the institute again as he pleased. He didn't say much to anyone unless he was spoken directly to, mostly out of embarrassment from how he'd been found in his office the week previous. The five, along with the institute physician hadn't said anything to anyone else in the institute about what had happened, and if someone else in the institute questioned them if the man in charge was ok, they would only answered \"he was sick\". They also kept a close eye on him a best as they could without seeming suspicious like the physician had instructed them. They thought they'd been doing a good job, until they'd been called into the office where they'd been a week previous. \"What's going on?\" Pink asked when they all arrived and sat down in his office. \"I'm going to cut to the chase here,\" Buckaroo started to say, \"I've noticed that you all have been acting differently around me than usual. And that one of you, if not more, is always within a five foot radius of me with everything I do. I'm just curious what's going on and around here, and thought maybe one of you would know and could tell me.\" \"We're just making sure you're doing ok, that's all,\" Perfect Tommy answered with a nonchalant shrug. Buckaroo shook his head and leaned against the front edge of his desk. \"That's not all of it. You've all been tip-toing around me, and quite frankly, it's starting to irritate me. I already have enough to deal with right now, so I want to know what's going on, and I want the truth.\" The five all exchanged looks before finally caving in. \"We've been told to watch you and make sure you're doing alright,\" Professor Hikita answered. \"The physician told us to make sure you're taking care of yourself and to watch how you're coping,\" Mrs. Johnson answered in a soft tone, \"We just wanna be here for you if you need us.\" Buckaroo nodded slowly in understanding, ran his hand over his face, and looked down at the ground sadly. \"Ok,\" he sighed, \"I appreciate all of your concern, but the thing is: I'm not coping. Quite honestly, I think last week was proof of that. Now while I'd like to think it didn't happen, all of us in this room know it did. Another thing is that I feel like I need to get my act together, per say, but I just can't. I mean, I just feel like all that's happened is my fault. I know that Xan has something against me and has all my life, but I still proposed to her, which automatically put her in danger. For crying out loud, he didn't hesitate to kill my parents when I was only five years old, so now that I'm an adult, why should it change?! We all know that he didn't care then, so why now either, right?!\" \"I think this is a mixture of anger and guilt,\" Rawhide whispered to the four with him. They all nodded in agreement, and let the widower continue. \"This whole week, more like two weeks,\" Buckaroo started again, \"I was just thinking: of, if it weren't for me, would still be alive right now. But even if that were the case, would she be ok? I don't know, cause I wouldn't have known here! But either way, she'd probably be better off than she is now, cause she wouldn't be dead like she is now, and I wouldn't feel like everything going on is all my fault!\" The five colleagues watched in shock as Buckaroo ranted and raved. They'd never seen him so mad, and just so… distraught. He'd always been the one who stayed calm and kept his head, so it was like being in a parallel universe to see him the way he currently was. They knew that everything he was saying was the grief talking, and not the scientist himself- but it was still a shocking thing to see. \"I just,\" Buckaroo started again, but sighed in frustration instead and gingerly placed his hand against his head in frustration, \"I don't know… I…\" He couldn't find the words to say. The five all continued to watch as Buckaroo paced back and forth across the office. He then looked to his desk in frustration, grabbed an item randomly and chucked it across the room, letting out an angry yell as he did so. The item ended up being a metal stapler that broke into separate pieces once it collided with the wall and felt randomly across the floor. The five in the office cringed at the loud noise the stapler made as it collided against the wall and the yell that came from their higher up as he threw it, then exchanged worried looks between each other. They all watched cautiously and curiously as he sunk down against the opposite wall, ran his hands over his face, and let out a sigh. \"I can't live without her,\" Buckaroo said quietly, his face red, \"Only two weeks have gone by and look at me: getting myself sick, throwing objects across the room, having breakdowns. And worst of all, I'm probably worrying the five of you, along with everyone else, to death. It's like everything is just crumbling and falling around me and to everyone around me, and that when I'm the only one left, I'll finally fall.\" \"That's only gonna happen if you don't ask for any help from us,\" Pinky said gently. \"We're your friends,\" Perfect Tommy continued, \"If you need us, we're here. That's what friends are for.\" Buckaroo gave a small smile- the first smile from him in two weeks. After a few minutes of talking between the six, four of the five left the office, except for Mrs. Johnson. She walked up to her boss and friend. \"Can I tell you something that I haven't told anyone else?\" she asked. Buckaroo nodded a bit. \"Of course.\" \"First of all, you already know that besides you, I was the absolute last person to talk to Peggy. Do you wanna know what the last thing she said to me was before I left her so she could change?\" He nodded again. \"Yes, that would be nice to know, just for closure. Does that make sense?\" She chuckled lightly. \"Yeah, it makes sense. And the last thing she said to me was: if I had to die right now, right this moment, I'd die the happiest woman in the world, now that I'm married to the love of my life.\" Buckaroo looked down, a weak smile playing on his lips. He felt his eyes begin to tear up a bit and he took a deep breath to keep his new found composure as he looked up at his wife's best friend. \"Thank you for telling me this, Mrs. Johnson. You have no idea how much it means to me.\" Mrs. Johnson smiled back at him before giving his arm a supportive squeeze. \"Just remember, we're all here whenever you need us, alright?\" As he nodded, she left the room, gently closing the double doors behind her. Two weeks later, an exact month after the day Peggy was killed, Buckaroo went into the institute cafeteria like he always would at eight o'clock in the morning. He greeted everyone happily like he always would, and did everything he usually would before that day. Afterwards, once everyone had gone off to the different labs to work on their studies and experiments, he went to work on his own studies, along with finishing his wife's studies that she had left uncompleted in her journals and notebooks. ","Summary":" The Stages \"I've never seen him so upset,\" Perfect Tommy whispered, \"Actually, I didn't think it"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"Sayuri Banzai Xan","Author":"chronicler-of-knuckles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6827147","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sayuri Banzai Xan By The Chronicler London, England. It was the day Buckaroo Banzai was born. Even a newborn, being swept around the room by a proud father, held up to be inspected by strangers, Buckaroo took it all with ease. Barely a tear shed. His exhausted mother fell asleep just as soon as her son was returned to her arms, her husband to her side. Dr. Banzai sat, watching his family in a daze of bliss, watching them breath, snuggling, at peace…. He had a son! No one noticed the extra nurse as she cleaned up the room, scooping up the birthing mess and hurrying out. No one noticed how she carefully separated the umbilical cord, bagging it. No one noticed as she dropped what she didn't need on some nothing tray as she headed out the side entrance. No one noticed as she stepped into the back of a long, black limo. Xan sipped at his champagne. \"Is it done?\" The nurse nodded, holding up her prize. \"Congratulations. You are about to be a father.\" The evil man smiled over the rim of his glass. Six years later…. She knelt, her back straight, her posture perfect, her hands laid lightly on her knees. Her eyes closed, her breathing even. To anyone passing the little room, the child seemed a statue. Silently, the assassin moved, sword slicing through the air. The child folded, rolling across the floor. Her hands disappeared within her robes as she rolled. She landed on her feet, crouching down. Her little hands snapped out. Before the sword had finished the swing, cutting through the air where her head would have been, two tiny throwing stars sunk deep into her attacker's throat. He was dead before he hit the floor. With a tilt of her head, her clear blue eyes took in the sight of the body, bleeding out where, only a breath before, she had been meditating. Rising to her feet, she took a moment to straighten her robe. A bony hand laid a gentle hand on her shoulder. \"Marvelous, my precious child.\" Xan cooed. \"Now, tell me… what do you think of that man?\" She looked up at him and blinked. \"Why should I think of him at all?\" she wondered. Xan smiled proudly, his long fingered, bony hand patting her shoulder. \"Indeed, why indeed.\" His chuckle rattled in his chest. Turning, he hissed \"Come, my child. Time for your studies.\" \"Yes, Master.\" she answered, turning and, not giving the attack another thought, followed the ancient evil out of the room. Eight Years later…. She was fourteen years old on this day. Kneeling on the bamboo floor in the center of the room, her posture perfect from her silk slippered feet to the chopsticks that pinned her long, ebony hair in a bun on the top of her head. The only movement of her slim body was her eyes as they shifted from one to the other to the other of the four computers sitting on the floor around her. Each one asked her questions from a vast variety of topics in four different languages. She answered each in each language, her accents absolutely flawless, her answers perfect. Then her head tilted ever so slightly. \"Lessons pause.\" Then she was moving, somersaulting over her computers, rolling up onto her feet. As she swirled about, her fingers snapped out. Released from their locks, a long blade fell into each hand. By the time she had finished her turn, the blades were already wet with blood. One of the four fell back against the wall, sliding down until he sat, dead, on the floor. The other three didn't hesitate, leaping at her from all directions, swords swinging. She folded back, a blade slicing through where her chest had been. One foot kicked up, sending the attacker jumping back. Her left blade sliced up the leg one man. Bracing on her right knuckles, she threw her feet up, feet spinning in the air, striking the third in the jaw, first one foot, then the other. Then she was on her feet again, her blades spinning above her head. Each came down on either side. The man on her left sputtered, blood spraying out from his jugular. He had bled to death before he hit the floor. The one on her right, lurched forward, running onto her blade. In front of her, the man who had jumped away from her first attack came at her, his own blades cutting and slicing. Sparks flew as his steel slid across hers. Abandoning her right blade in the right body, she spun about, dodging the last attacker's second swing. She slapped the next swing aside with the back of her hand catching the flat of the sword. Her hand slid down the blade, catching his wrist, and yanking him forward. Swirling about, her remaining blade whipped up and across. Like a hot blade through butter, the razor sharp steel sliced through his neck. For a breath, the man stood, as if the blade had never touched him. But then his head rolled off his shoulders, bounced once on the floor, then rolled away. The body swayed, then dropped to his knees, then forward, out the door. Both hands on the hilt of her blade, held at the ready, feet apart, braced, knees slightly bent, ready to spring, she waited for a breath, then another. Then she straightened. Pulling a silk cloth from the sleeve of her robe, she wiped clean her blade before returning it to the brace strapped to her arm. She turned to reclaim her other blade. Xan held the weapon, resting the tip against the base of her throat. She froze. Her heart stopped. Even the breath in her lungs. \"Tell me, my child.\" Xan purred as he stepped closer, raising the hilt of the blade until all he had to do was give it a little push to send it straight through her throat and down through her chest. \"Tell me, my beautiful child, why did you release your weapon?\" Clear, blue eyes blinked. \"I did not need it.\" she answered. She didn't flinch as her own blade cut her flesh, sending a trickle of blood down her throat, between her barely forming cleavage. \"If you did not need it, it would not be at your throat at this moment. You were wrong.\" Xan explained. \"Do you agree?\" Again, she blinked. \"Yes, Master.\" she breathed. Xan smiled. With a twitch of the wrist, he flipped the blade and held it out to her, hilt first. Blink. She took the hilt. Suddenly Xan's hand snapped out, back handing her across the face. The force of the blow stumbled her back a step, but sheer will kept her upright, self control kept her expression emotionless. Xan shook a finger at her. \"You are my daughter. Never admit failure! Never admit weakness!\" he hissed. Then he turned and, stepping over the headless corpse, stepped out of the room and on his way. Replacing the blade in its sleeve, she reached up with one finger and wiped away the blood from her neck. Taking a breath, she turned and stepped back over her computers. \"Lessons commence.\" she commanded as she floated back down into position: back straight, hands folded in her lap, posture perfect. Seven Years later…. She was only twenty-one years old, a slight 5'6\". Yet, every man at the table knew instinctively that this was a powerful, dangerous woman. She glided into the room with perfect ease and poise. Her black, silk suit was perfectly pressed, every seam laying in just the right place. Her ebony black hair was elegantly braided and wound up into a tight bun on the top of her head. Her clear, blue eyes with a slight Oriental pinch shone strong and piercing. Her hands were clasped together, held at ease in front of her. Mustering his courage, the man at the head of the conference table rose to his feet. \"My Lady, it is quite improper for you to be here. This is not a place for a woman.\" She blinked at him. \"I will be brief and to the point, gentlemen.\" she spoke with a calm, song like voice. \"You are no longer employed by Xan Enterprise. You have this moment, and only this moment, to gather your possessions and leave this building.\" All twelve men sat stock still, staring at her. The speaker leaned forward slightly. \"I beg your pardon?\" She held up a delicate hand. \"Do not beg, sir. Pardon will not be given.\" she explained. Another man jumped to his feet. \"You can not send us away! What gives you the right…\" Then the others were on their feet, protesting the same. The man at the head of the table held up his hands, silencing them. \"Do you know who I am? I am the President…\" \"You were the President.\" she corrected him. \"You were also a traitor.\" He turned a sudden ghostly white. She looked at each and every man, her piercing gazing stripping each and everyone of them down to his most vulnerable. Her tone remained calm and in control. \"Did you think our Master would be blind? That he would not see your treachery? Your thievery? He is Hanoi Xan. He knows all. He sees all.\" she offered them a gentle smile. \"It is only by his kind heart that I do not end each and everyone of you here, in this single breath in time.\" One brave soul dared \"One little girl against the twelve of us? We were killing long before you were even thought of!\" He shook a finger at her. \"You really think you could touch us?\" \"Yes.\" was her simple, honest answer. Again the President leaned forward. Eyes narrowed, he looked her up and down. \"What is you name?\" he wanted to know, though he had an idea. He was already silently preparing himself to meet his ancestors. She blinked. \"I am the daughter of our Master and the recreation of our dreaded enemy. I am Sayuri Banzai Xan.\" She blinked again. \"And your moment begins… now.\" The men gasped. In a rush, they pushed through the door and out into the main offices. They made it to the elevator, never stopping to gather anything. They were running for their lives. When the elevator doors opened, there was a sigh of relief. But then the two men within opened fire. Sayuri stood where she was, watching the President as he dropped back down in his seat. They could hear the gunfire, the screams. Then silence. He closed his eyes, his hands dropping into his lap. \"I have served our Master for many, many long years. I have fought the Banzai House for him. I have built this empire for him.\" He opened his eyes and looked at her. \"Do I not deserve the right of an honorable death?\" The girl blinked. \"No.\" was her simple, honest answer. With that, her hand raised, she pistol aimed, and she squeezed the trigger. Six Years Later… The figure on the table laid still and silent as death. Her blond hair was laid carefully about her head and shoulders like a glow. Her skin so pale, her lips a light blue. The wedding gown was elegantly simple, strapless, with a beaded bodice and a flowing skirt. Bare shoulders and slender arms that ran down to perfectly sculptured hands, skin smooth and flawless. Her small, perfect feet in Cinderella glass slippers. \"She's beautiful.\" Sayuri observed with a tilt of her head. She looked up at her Master and Father at the head of the table. \"I do not understand, Master. Why did you bring her here?\" Xan twisted his braided beard around a finger. \"My Daughter, because it causes Banzai great pain to lose her.\" Xan reached down and held his long, sharp nails just short of actually touching the blond hair. \"She is disgustingly innocent and virtuous.\" he sneered. \"Everything young Banzai sees as good and pure in the world…. And I have taken it away from him. I have stripped him of what he desires most.\" Sayuri watched him closely as he spoke, watching the lines of his jaw, the glint in his eyes, listening to the fluctuation in his tone. She studied and learned from his every move as intently as she had studied her lessons as a child. \"Master,\" she spoke softly. \"I was created to destroy Banzai.\" He turned his black eyes up to her. \"Indeed.\" \"He was within reach at the wedding. When I took his bride. I could have destroyed him then.\" Xan smiled at her, pride evident in the glint of his eyes. Still… \"You could have killed him.\" Xan shook his head. \"I do not want him peacefully dead.\" His eyes became hard and dark, the muscles in his neck and face taunt with barely contained rage. \"I want him to suffer. To destroy him one drop of sanity at a time. I want him twisted and rancid inside until he falls into the depth of evil. And then, when he can fall no further, then I will watch as his very own sister guts him like a fish!\" Unemotional, Sayuri blinked at him. \"I did not kill him, because he suffers greater by surviving her. But why do I not kill her now?\" Xan shrugged, the rage gone as quickly as it appeared. \"I do not care for waste.\" he admitted with a wave of his hand. As he turned and walked away, he called over his shoulder \"Take care of her, my Daughter. Never know what uses we may find for her later.\" He paused at the door way. \"Besides, she is your sister-in-law.\" He left the room echoing with his evil cackle. Sayuri watched him go, then looked back at the body. \"My sister, sister of mine\" she whispered as she circled the table like a bird of prey circling a rabbit. \"What can you tell me about Buckaroo Banzai? How many ways can he be hurt?\" She smiled slightly to herself. \"I suppose the answer to that is how many loved ones does he have?\" Four Years Later…. He swayed as if a slight breeze might finish him off. His red shirt was torn, exposing cut and torn flesh. One calf was sliced open. The other foot was twisted at a horrible angle. Blood streaked across his skin like fan blown paint. His eyes were dull, lids fluttering, struggling to stay open. Whether by thought or instinct, not even he knew which, he still clung to consciousness, still tried to fight. She reached down and grabbed a handful of black curls. Pulling the Latin's head back, exposing that vulnerable, sun tanned skin of his throat, she flipped her hand, producing a dagger from her sleeve. \"Reno!\" the cowboy yelled as he ran towards them. The Indian woman, the bounty hunter, brought her rifle to her shoulder, but she couldn't take a shot without risking her friend. Sayuri ignored them all as she pulled his head back until she could breath in his scent. She could smell his blood and sweat, smell his fear. She placed the tip of her dagger in the small of his back. The blade was the sharpest it could possibly be, and it slid in with little resistance. His eyes shot open, his mouth gaped with a soundless scream. \"No!\" was screamed to her right. Sayuri ripped the blade out, letting her victim fall to the dirt, spinning about just in time to block the high kick from his girlfriend. \"Get the fuck away from him!\" the oriental girl screamed as she kicked again. Sayuri found herself suddenly angry. She had put the woman down once. She should have known that down, for these people, didn't always mean out. They were tough, determined. Yet, she reminded herself, not tough enough. She caught her foot in midair, lifted it up, throwing the woman off balance. \"Pecos! Get down!\" the spiky haired boy yelled as he ran up behind her, gun in hand. With a jerk, Sayuri twisted the woman's leg, her free hand coming down in a chop on the extended knee. It was difficult to tell which sound was more prominent: the scream, or the sickening crack as her knee was snapped. Sayuri tossed the leg aside, sending the woman tumbling to the ground to lay broken beside her dying lover. Moving on to the next task, she jumped forward, within the boy's reach, grabbing the muzzle of his gun and twisting it out of his grasp. Her dagger came in action again, sweeping up, slicing across his chest. He tried to leap away, but Sayuri followed, taking another swing. \"Tommy, to the right!\" He twisted to the side, her dagger ripping through his shirt, barely missing skin. But her hand came down from the other side, striking him in the throat, dropping him to the ground, unable to breath, unable to recover. Then he was there, grabbing her wrist and jerking her arm up. Suddenly Sayuri was face to face with Buckaroo Banzai. Blue eyes locked with blue eyes, and, for a breath, the world stood still. But then he was moving. With a spin and a twist, he had her arm pinned high against her back. Pressing his thumb into the inside of her wrist, he twisted until he felt the joint pop. Her fingers went numb, the dagger falling from her hand. But she kicked back, hooking her foot around his leg and kicking forward, pulling his foot out from under him. Buckaroo stumbled back, losing his grip on her. Sayuri spun, her foot flashing through the air. The razor edge on the toe of her slipper sliced a two inch cut just below Buckaroo's eye. Buckaroo brought up his arm, blocking the next kick with his forearm. The razor cut again, leaving a bloody track from thumb to elbow. Again, the doctor was forced to stumble back until his heal hit Reno's leg. If he retreated any further, he would leave his people to her mercies. A rifle shot sounded. Sayuri spun as she was hit in the shoulder. She lost her breath as searing pain ripped through her body. For a moment, her mind stopped functioning. She was shot. These people, tough and determined, shot her! Then her mind snapped to, training and instinct kicking in. Sayuri flipped backwards, landing on the other side of the fallen boy. Another shot sounded. Another flip. Sayuri felt the bullet tare at her hood, but then she turned and ran. Even as she ran, hearing the shouts falling far behind, she smiled. On this day she had finally faced him in his own house… and she had hurt him. Three Years Later… She knelt, her back straight, her posture perfect, her soft hands clasped together, resting lightly in her lap. Her eyes closed, her breathing even. She was dressed all in black, from her neck to her small slippered feet. Even the empty, leather sheath strapped to her back was a dull black. Her black hair was in a tight braid that fell down her back, so long it reached the floor. \"She hasn't moved in hours.\" Knuckles growled. \"Maybe she's hurt more than she let on. Maybe's the time we should get in there and throw some shackles on.\" She looked at the others. \"I'd feel a hell of a lot better if she wasn't able to move around.\" Rawhide nodded his agreement. But Buckaroo told them softly \"If you go in there, she will kill you.\" The two looked at him. The doctor was so focused on the young woman on the other side of the window that he seemed almost in a trance. His arms crossed over his chest, his red rimmed glasses hanging off the tip of his nose, his black hair uncombed. His sleeve was torn and bloody, bruises were beginning to show color. \"Buckaroo, you should get checked out.\" Rawhide told him. \"How is this possible?\" Buckaroo whispered. \"She has the exact same genetic code… put aside a few manipulated cells… she could be me. My identical twin.\" \"'Cept she's a she.\" Knuckles pointed out. \"Oh, and she's killed twelve BBIs, put half the Cavaliers in the ICU… again!\" She threw a hand at the window, her voice raising \"'Les there's a few things I don't know about you, that is soooo not you!\" But Buckaroo shook his head. \"Does she know… does she understand… I have a sister… she is my sister…?\" He tilted his head. \"Do you think she knows who she is?\" he wondered. \"Humph. She knows.\" Knuckles snarled. \"She knows she's a cold blooded, soulless bitch who's solitary purpose in the world is to kill you. You know what I want to know? What the hell are we going to do with her? Sure as crap the cops can't pin her up. She'd go through them like a battle axe through butter.\" The doctor didn't seem to even hear her. \"Sayuri Banzai…\" he breathed to himself, trying out the sound of it. \"Xan! Sayuri Banzai Xan!\" The Bounty Hunter looked up at Rawhide, desperate for someone to get through to him. If Buckaroo didn't start thinking straight, she was sure, no matter what the Cavaliers did, he would not survive. Hell, the way this girl fought, most of them wouldn't survive. Rawhide's eyes narrowed. \"Knuckles, get out on the Gate. Until Pinky's on his feet again, you have the Institute's security.\" he ordered. When she had left the room, Rawhide stepped close to Buckaroo. \"That is not your sister.\" he told his friend. Buckaroo looked up at him. \"Then what is she?\" \"She is a thing, created, designed, and programmed to come after you. To destroy you. It is her only purpose in life. It is the only purpose for her life.\" Rawhide had to make him understand. But Buckaroo just wouldn't give up. \"We have the same genetic code, the same potential. If she had my chance in life…\" \"Buckaroo, she didn't have your chance. She was damned from birth… hell, conception…. However the hell that evil bastard did it!\" Rawhide grabbed Buckaroo by the shoulder, making him face him. \"Your mother sang to you in the womb. Your father read to you. You were influenced by their love even before you breathed your first breath. How did Xan influence that girl? What do you think Xan sang to her?\" The two men stared at each other for what seemed forever. But then another voice interrupted… \"I love you, you love me, lets go kill Banzai…. Eee…\" Rawhide and Buckaroo turned to stare at Perfect Tommy. The boy shrugged. \"What else would Xan sing?\" Buckaroo shook loose from Rawhide. \"She's my sister. However she came to be. She. Is. My. Sister. I'm not going to just give up on her.\" And he started for the door to the cell. \"Buckaroo, she's dangerous.\" Rawhide warned. Buckaroo paused at the door and answered simply \"So am I.\" Two Year Later…. It was the weight of the stare that had awoken him from a deep sleep. His room was shrouded in black, but, through the darkness, he could see those eyes. Clear blue eyes, seeing straight through his thin skin and brittle bones to his very evil soul. \"Banzai.\" Hanoi Xan snarled. Instantly his hand wrapped around the dagger hidden under the mountains of silk pillows. But then one of the torches at the foot of his bed was lit. Then the other. Xan held up one bony hand, shielding his eyes against the sudden light. His other hand wrapped tightly around the hilt of his dagger, his thin lips sucked back against his teeth. He was ready for the next breath to be his last. But, he would make sure that this coward would feel his wraith before… \"Do not fear, my Master.\" breathed a musical voice. \"I have not come to harm you.\" Xan blinked. Dropping his hand, he dared the light to see the figure at the foot of his bed. Sayuri stood between the torches, dressed in her black silk robes, and razor toed slippers. Her long, black hair, braided, slung over her shoulder. Her small, perfect hands clasped before her in respect and cordial. \"My child…?\" he squeaked. Xan cleared his throat, forcing the confusion down, crushing his fear. Voice stronger, more in control, he said again \"My child, why do you disturb my sleep?\" Sayuri blinked like a bird. \"Banzai asked me a question that I had no answer for.\" she admitted. Xan straightened in his bed. \"Indeed?\" he asked suspiciously. He had lost this precious weapon of his for many months while she was trapped in America,. Despite her evil intent, evident in the trail of blood and death that marked her escape, Xan could not help but wonder what influence Banzai had had over his sister. A question of much concern now that she had awaken him in the middle of the night, the only person who could have ever entered his chambers without his personal guard challenging. Well, even if they had challenged her, chances were she would have silenced them as easily as breathing. After all, she was Sayuri Banzai Xan. Dark eyes narrowed as they studied her. \"Tell me, my daughter, what is this question that troubles you so?\" Again she blinked. \"I was created to destroy Banzai. It is my soul purpose, my only reason of being.\" She tilted her head to one side. \"Tell me, my Master, what is my purpose after Banzai is ended?\" \"Your purpose?\" \"I am of the Banzai line.\" Sayuri observed of herself. \"I am created to end that line. What is my purpose after I end Buckaroo Banzai? After I am the last of the Banzai line?\" Xan's raised his chin slightly. He spoke carefully, but he spoke honestly. \"As long as there is a Banzai line, you have purpose. You know what that purpose is. Do you truly believe that there is an after that purpose?\" She blinked that same unemotional, tell nothing expression. After a few, quiet breaths, she admitted \"No.\" Then she turned and stepped into the dark as silently as a shadow. Xan stared at the dark, wondering if she really had left or if she was watching him in turn. Hanoi Xan had lived many, many long years, had done many, many evil things. But this was first time he had ever felt truly afraid. What had he created? One Year Later…. The night was dark and storming. Lightening and thunder ripped apart the sky simultaneously, letting assault upon assault of rain hammer down onto the earth. Wind rushed through the air with a scream, tarring trees from their roots, smashing waves on the rocky cliffs. On the furthest point of the rocky cliffs, all but surrounded by ocean, was a long forgotten, time and weather battered, old lighthouse, not much more than rubble. At its base, much like scene from an old samurai movie, two warriors circled one another, their swords held high and at the ready. Both were bleeding and battle worn, both swaying in the wind. \"This needs to end, Sayuri.\" Buckaroo Banzai yelled over the wind. \"You finally understand, Brother.\" Sayuri answered. \"Ending this, ending you and I, is what I was created for.\" She leaped, sword sweeping down and up. Buckaroo spun, deflecting the blow with his own blade. Sparks flew, sizzling in the rain. Again the two parted, circling. \"What, brother?\" Sayuri taunted her opponent. \"No attempt to save your baby sister's soul?\" \"You're a killer, Sayuri.\" Buckaroo answered. \"You've proved time and time again that there is nothing I can do about that.\" \"There is one thing, brother.\" The toe of her slipper dug into the mud. Her katana came up over her shoulder. \"You can kill me!\" And then she lunged. Buckaroo jumped back, letting her blade slice through the air where his throat had been. His own katana came up and around, throwing Sayuri's blade aside. He jumped forward, into her reach, grabbed her by her robe and jerked her against him. \"Why?\" he hissed as he looked down into those eyes, so alike his own he could have been looking into a mirror. \"It didn't have to be like this. I'm your brother. You're my sister. We're the only Banzais left.\" \"And that is why it does have to be like this.\" she hissed right back. Buckaroo grabbed her wrist, but it was too late. Her dagger was buried in his side, just above his hip. With gasp, Buckaroo's grip loosened. Sayuri spun out of his grasp, twirling as she dropped to a crouch. When she came up again to face him, her fallen sword was in her hands. Swallowing, Buckaroo reached down and pulled the dagger from his side. Numbly, he looked down at the small weapon: a simple, black ivory hilt; sharp, smooth, black silver blade; crimson blood pooling in his hand… For a breath, he thought the dagger itself was bleeding. But, his knees wobbled and his stomach twisted. And then the pain hit, spreading across his side, down his leg, across his ribs…. He started to close his eyes, give in to the pain and blood loss. His body was just too tired, he was just too war battered… \"You are stronger than that, Buckaroo Banzai.\" Sayuri reminded him. Buckaroo blinked. Taking a shaky breath, his fingers tightened around the hilt of his katana and he looked at her. \"What do you get out of this? Even if you kill me, Xan won't let you live. You know that. Just because he raised you doesn't change the fact that you are Banzai.\" \"You are not listening to me, brother. The only way this ends is if we both, you and I, the last of the Banzai line, die.\" Buckaroo shook his head and chuckled. Insanity. The only explanation: insanity! \"Fine. Go ahead. Jump off the cliff. I'll be right behind you.\" Sayuri smiled. \"You are just like I am, and I like you. Seeking our purpose, chasing fulfillment.\" She opened her arms. \"This, here and now, is what we were born for, what we were created for.\" \"I was not born to kill my own sister!\" Buckaroo yelled at her. \"I was not created for war, for killing, for murder!\" Again she blinked. \"I was.\" Rain beat down on her, lightening lit up the sky, and, for a moment, she had an almost angelic glow. Then her sword cut through the air, seemingly to slice the storm in half. Buckaroo's katana came up to meet hers, and sparks flew. With a fury of cuts and slices, spins and kicks, the two matched each other blow for blow, almost as if they were mirror images of each other. Sparks flew from their blades, giving their battle a celestial appearance. Suddenly, Sayuri gasped, stumbling away. Her eyes wide with shock, she dropped one hand to her stomach. A red line stretched across her midsection from left hip to the right. Buckaroo stopped, his katana held up and at the ready. He stared, equally shocked, as the red line began to seep thick, dark blood. Then gush. Again Sayuri gasped and she started to double over. But she gritted her teeth and forced herself upright again. Shaking, Sayuri held up her sword. Buckaroo shook his head. \"Please, Sayuri… Don't do this.\" \"Please, brother.\" Sayuri spoke softly, some how making herself heard over the wind and the rain. \"If you do not kill me, I will kill you.\" Again Buckaroo shook his head. But his fingers tightened their grip on the hilt of his sword. Light suddenly shown down on them. Mixed in with the sounds of the storm was the sound of a helicopter. \"Sayuri Banzai Xan, put you weapon down and step away!\" came a voice over a loudspeaker. The woman actually smiled. Letting the tip of her sword fall, she spread her hands. \"You know, brother, in a way, I do love you as a sister loves a brother. You may be the only being I have ever loved. Maybe because you and I are the same. Maybe because we are all that is left of our blood line.\" She started to turn away, but paused. \"Maybe because you are the only one able to kill me.\" She swallowed against pain and dizziness. Then looked back at him and smiled. \"Buckaroo Banzai, when you are strong, and filled with enough hate to do what we were meant to do…. Then I will back… Then we will end this.\" \"Sayuri…\" Buckaroo whispered. But she turned away and ran. \"Halt! Stop where you are!\" was ordered over the loudspeaker. Sayuri ran without hesitation to the cliffs. \"Sayuri!\" Buckaroo screamed after her. And she leaped off of the cliff, diving straight down to the rampaging sea below. Buckaroo Banzai stared in disbelief. And as his world faded and he began to fall back into deep, dark unconsciousness, he wondered was it a dream? A nightmare? Two Days Later… Rawhide crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against the infirmary window. On the other side his friend, brother in all but blood, laid helpless in a bed, tubes running this way and that. Buckaroo was conscious… barely… but Jersey seemed to think it was only by sheer will. He had lost a chunk of his liver and a lot of blood. There were broken bones, cuts, bruises… Rawhide remembered the way Buckaroo's boot sloshed when he had pulled it off. At first he had thought it was rain water, but then it tipped over, pouring blood out onto the floor. None of them had realized just how hurt Buckaroo was until then. They stood around staring down at that pool of blood like… like… like nothing they had ever done before. The big man closed his eyes a gave long, tired sigh. \"If you don't get some sleep, you're gonna wind up right in there beside him.\" Perfect Tommy warned. Rawhide looked across the room to the young man. \"Then get out of my chair and go do something useful.\" he growled. He couldn't help but be irritated with the kid. Tommy had been right beside him, day and night… so how the hell did he look so spit and polished. Perfect Tommy grinned up at him. \"Man, he's alive. Breathing, beating heart, and all… alive. Take a moment.\" \"How long?\" Rawhide asked. \"Hell, take a day, take a night, take a damn vacation.\" \"No.\" Rawhide looked back at Buckaroo. \"How long is he alive for?\" Perfect Tommy leaned forward. \"You think Sayuri is still alive? Rawhide, she did a swan off a hundred foot drop into rocks and storming ocean.\" Again Rawhide let his eyes close. He could still see that figure, the glint of her blade, the ripple of her robes, the splash as she hit the water. He opened his eyes and looked at Perfect Tommy. \"You think something like that would kill Buckaroo?\" He didn't need an answer. Tommy, like most of the others, had faith in one thing, and one thing only: that if anyone can do it, it's Buckaroo Banzai. \"Sayuri has the same genetic potential as Buckaroo. If you believe he could survive, than you have to believe that she has, at least, the potential.\" \"Still… even Xan is celebrating Buckaroo's `evil deed'.\" Tommy pointed out, reminding the big guy of the message they had received from Xan only hours earlier. \"If he thinks ol' Bucky killed her…\" \"If he knew for sure, he would have paraded Sayuri's body across the screen, rub it in.\" Rawhide shook his head. \"All he did was tell us she didn't return to him. Which means she's in the wind, running under her own law. Which is more dangerous than if she was under Xan's control. Least we know Xan. Sayuri on her own…\" Again he shook his head, turning back to the window. Every time they had faced the girl she had been on Xan's leash, doing his bidding. Rawhide shuddered to think what blood would run now she was off that leash. Perfect Tommy's eyes narrowed. He looked at Rawhide for a long time, before he climbed to his feet. \"Sit, before you fall over. I'm gonna get us some coffee.\" Rawhide nodded, grateful to have a quiet moment to himself. At the door, Perfect Tommy stopped. \"Hey, Rawhide?\" \"Yea?\" \"If Sayuri has the same genetic potential as Buckaroo, doesn't it go vise versa? Buckaroo has the same genetic potential as Sayuri?\" Tommy asked in hushed tones. Frowning, Rawhide looked over his shoulder at the kid. \"I suppose.\" Perfect Tommy seemed intently plucking at some invisible sliver in the door frame. \"You know,\" he said after a moment, \"Sayuri's insane.\" \"What's your point?\" \"The way he is… about Sayuri… about some things…\" It was as if Tommy had to force himself to look at Rawhide when he asked \"Does that mean Buckaroo has the potential of being… insane?\" Rawhide took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Does he be the big, strong leader of the Cavaliers? Everybody's rock? Or does he tell the kid, admits that he had been chewing on that same question? Licking his lips, Rawhide turned back to the window. \"How about making that an Irish coffee? Heavy on the Irish.\" Sayuri Banzai Xan The End ","Summary":" Sayuri Banzai Xan By The Chronicler London, England. It was the day Buckaroo Banzai was born. Even "},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"Paper Cut","Author":"PennyHill","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5651410","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : Paper Cut Characters : Buckaroo Banzai Summary : Short piece on Buckaroo's reflection of his former love Rating : PG Warnings : None Disclaimer : I do not own any rights to any characters in the Buckaroo Banzai universe. Any OC's created are mine. With the lights dimmed low, Buckaroo sat alone in his study. Penny was out \"with the girls\". He smiled to himself as he remembered how she giggled when she told him earlier that evening. He was happy to hear that she would be going out. It meant that with each passing day she was becoming more and more part of the family. \"With the girls\", she said, meaning Mrs. Robinson and some of the older interns; all being led by Pecos. Buckaroo stopped smiling. All being led by Pecos … He pondered that thought for a moment and took in a long, deep breath. Everything will be fine…really. What could they possibly get in to? It's not like they're going to Vegas or anything… A little voice from in his head silently asked him. Did you hear the heliport open up? Buckaroo rolled his eyes, pushed his chair back to the window and took a glance out the window. It was full moon and so the courtyard was easily illuminated. He let his eyes wander over to the heliport. A smile returned to his lips as he saw that its doors were closed. Not even the fine layer of snow had been disturbed. See, I knew that Pecos wouldn't pull that stunt again. Hmmpph, responded the voice. Made you look anyway. Buckaroo quickly rolled his chair back to his desk. He promised that he would join the rest of the boys in the main rec room following dinner but as he climbed the stairs, he felt a nagging need to have a few minutes of reflection. He slowly turned the page in the photo album. It was a black and white picture of him and Peggy in the springtime. He closed his eyes as he thought back to that day. Through the winter night, the heat of the mid-day sun penetrated through him. And then, the next detail. He smiled as he remembered how Peggy's cheeks flushed that day from the heat. They were cherry pink in contrast to her pale skin. He let out a contented sigh. That picture had always been one of his favorites. He opened his eyes as he went to turn to the next page. \"Ow,\" he mumbled to himself as he held up his finger. The cut burned as he realized what had happened. \"Is this your way of telling me something Peggy?\" he wondered aloud as reached for a tissue to use to stop the minor bleeding from the paper cut. He turned in his chair to stare out the window. It had started to flurry again. Peggy, is this your way of telling me I should stop turning the pages of the past for awhile? Buckaroo removed the tissue from his finger and found that the bleeding had stopped. As he got up to throw it away, he paused and closed the photo album. He gave it a gentle pat and whispered, \"Thanks Peggy for reminding me.\" ","Summary":" Title : Paper Cut Characters : Buckaroo Banzai Summary : Short piece on Buckaroo's reflection of hi"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"Perfectly Matched Knuckles","Author":"chronicler-of-knuckles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6827107","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Perfectly Matched Knuckles Bye, Bye Perfect Tommy A roar vibrated through the room. \"P... please... m' Lord, we've tried!\" wined the henchman who groveled at Lord Uilc Duine's feet. \"We've tried everything! The Banzai Institute is just impregnable!\" The large, balding man doubled up his fists. \"Damn, worthless idiots! All of you!\" he roared, slamming his underling aside. Seething, he growled \"Just the secrets we know they have would open the world to our conquering. Imagine what we could do with all that we don't know they have! The glorious existence we could produce for our clan!\" He threw up his hands. \"Banzai gets geniuses... And I get idiots!\" he glared at the henchman. \"But... but we tried everything.\" the man cried. \"Not everything obviously!\" Uilc Duine raged on, swinging his fists at the man. \"Think, you simpleton! If they can get in, so can we!\" \"Excuse me, my Lord.\" spoke up the long legged, red headed beauty who stood in the corner. \"But you have just solved the puzzle for us.\" The Lord's head snapped about to glare at the woman. \"What?\" \"If they can get in, perhaps we need one of them to get us in.\" she explained as if teaching a lesson to a small child. \"Yesssss.\" Uilc Duine hissed, his eyes sparkling with glee. \"Yes, of course. I need one of his boys, one of his inner circle that can get into the deepest, most secretive part of that damn institute.\" His eyes squinted as he glanced back at his henchman. \"Why haven't you thought of that?\" he snapped. \"We've tried to get to the Hong Kong Cavaliers to turn on the head man.\" he protested. \"But there just ain't no turning them! We've tried everything: threats, bribes... everything!\" The Lord turned back to the woman, waiting for her response. The woman smiled. \"They failed because they dealt with the man, offered what they never wanted, and tried to take what they cared not for.\" \"We threatened their lives!\" the henchman snapped. \"Something they would gladly give to save their brethren at the institute.\" the woman answered. \"You failed because you attempted to deal with the man. Given the choice, these men will always choose with the side of good.\" \"And what do you suggest?\" Lord Uilc Duine wondered, properly intrigued. She smiled sweetly. \"Hope or fear, offer nothing.\" Her eyes sparkled with a deadly glint. \"Take!\" The tires squealed, leaving long black streaks on the street. Dust bellowed behind the car as it sped away. Within seconds it was out of sight of the pit crew. The men stood in silence for several long moments before a voice from behind them brought them around. \"Hey! Where the hell is my car?\" demanded the test driver as he walked up from the mechanic's van. The pit crew exchanged glances varying from shock to confusion to anger to fear, before one, shamefully, pointed to where the dust was still settling to the ground. \"Yea!\" Perfect Tommy let out at the top of his lungs, but still wasn't loud enough to be heard over the roar of the engine. The wind whistled in his ears, sounding like hundreds of screaming angels of speed. It ripped through his hair and brought tears to his eyes. It flattened his against the back of his seat to the point where the never-think-twice Cavalier feared, that is he loosened his grip on the steering wheel, that he'd never reach it again. The world was going by at forever a second. Just the way he liked it. It was perfect! Of course it was! It was his car! Or rather his new fuel injection system. One of those little somethings that came to him while strumming away on his electric guitar (well, actually, he was stealing some time on Buckaroo's guitar, but he wasn't going to let that one out). Damn, he was good! He was Perfect! Something in the road... a rock? It went by too fast to be defined. The steering wheel jerked free of Perfect Tommy's grip. The car began to turn and then spin. Tommy grabbed for the wheel, but was slammed against the door. (Half a thought came to him about the need to pay more attention when Rawhide lectures him about the need to think before acting, and, if he wasn't going to think, at least ware a helmet and harness.) He snatched the wheel, moving his foot from gas to brake. He was spinning so fast that even that short distance was almost too much of a struggle. But, once there, it took all his self control not to slam his foot down. The car began to slow. Then it hit the edge of the road. A tire blew. The car flipped up into the air and slammed down on the roll bars that protected the top of the car. It rolled over and over until, finally, it came to a stop nearly 1/4 mile off the road. It seemed to take forever for Perfect Tommy to realize that he had stopped rolling. The roar of the engine, a sound that he had once relished, thundered in his ears until he thought his head would explode. With a shaky hand, he reached out and hit the kill switch, shutting the engine off. The only sound left was the wobbling of a spinning tire. And soon, that too quieted. The silence that followed was nearly deafening. Everything was very still. Tommy took a deep breath just to make sure that he still could. The pressure of the seat belt tightened around his chest. It was then that he realized that he was up side down. \"Oh, damn.\" he groaned. Rawhide glanced at his watch. \"He's late.\" he mumbled. Reno chuckled from where he was leaning against the front of the tour bus (aka World Watch One). \"He stole possibly the fastest car on earth, and he's still late.\" New Jersey glanced about from his seat on the steps leading up to the back porch of the club. \"Is it really stealing?\" he wondered, suddenly concerned about what was to happen to their wild friend. \"I mean, it is his car... his experiment... right?\" Reno shrugged. \"His car, his experiment...\" \"But the Banzai Institute is responsible for it.\" Rawhide interrupted. \"That is why we had a professional driver for the test run. We'd just hate to see some one ran over while one of our experiments is going 500 mph down the road.\" Always the worrier, Jersey frowned. \"I hope he's alright.\" \"He'll be fine.\" Buckaroo Banzai assured everyone as he stepped down from the bus. \"And he'll be here in his own time. There is plenty that the Hong Kong Cavaliers can do without a rhythm guitar. Now, shall we step inside and see if we can't get this joint rockin'?\" There was a mumbled imitation of enthusiasm and his band grudgingly climbed the steps to the stage door. Rawhide held the door open for the band waiting for Buckaroo. When it was just the two men, Rawhide asked \"You sure about this, boss? He hasn't been very steady of late.\" Buckaroo sighed. \"He's bored. Gotta get him something to do before he gets himself killed.\" \"Been there, done that.\" Rawhide returned, referring to his not all together pleasant tryst with death he had thanks to an alien spider. \"It might be a good lesson for the boy.\" \"I prefer that we learn our lessons without dropping dead.\" He patted his big friend on the shoulder. \"Don't worry. He'll show up when he's good and ready.\" Buckaroo added with confidence, though his brilliant blue eyes betrayed his uncertainty, a very rare sight for the young geniuses. \"Found him!\" some one called from inside. Buckaroo smiled slightly, sighing with relief. \"See?\" he said, before stepping inside. Sure enough, there was Perfect Tommy sitting on the back corner of the stage, blowing cool air on a rather badly scraped elbow. Besides a few scrapes and bruises, he looked his usual stylish, perfect self; from his newly dyed jet black hair to his polished loafers to the black leather jacket laid across his lap (no time for a hospital, but, apparently he had time to change his clothes). Jersey stood beside him, preparing a bandage for the wounded elbow. \"What happened?\" Buckaroo wanted to know, stepping up to take a closer look. Tommy shrugged. \"I flipped the car.\" he admitted. \"Don't worry, it's just a blow out. Fix it, add some weight to keep it grounded, and we can try again.\" \"WE being the choice word here.\" Rawhide pointed out. He took Tommy's hand and inspected his scraped knuckles. \"Can he still play?\" Perfect Tommy yanked his hand away. \"'Course I can! I'm not dead!\" New Jersey took his arm and turned it so he could place the bandage on the worse of the scrapes. \"Yes, he's fine. Just don't expect him to do any jigs.\" Perfect Tommy started at him as if he was insane. \"Jigs?\" \"Where's the car?\" Buckaroo asked, bringing the discussion back to the original subject. \"Sam towed it back for me. Dropped me off here on the way.\" Tommy answered. He glanced at the crowd that was getting restless waiting for the music to start. \"So, we going to rock this joint, or what?\" \"At the moment, the `or what' sounds tempting.\" Rawhide answered, reaching down, grabbed Tommy by the collar, and hauled him to his feet. Buckaroo grabbed Tommy's arm before going to their places. \"We will talk about this after the gig.\" The Jessie James Club was filled to capacity, even as it wined down into the last hour of business. The Hong Kong Cavaliers, who had been keeping the club jumpin' for hours now, turned out to be the biggest attraction the club had ever hosted. And they didn't need the constant attention most stars needed, so that the bartenders, waitresses, bouncers, and, especially, the boss-lady could run the place. Folks, in general, were having such a good time that no one considered causing any trouble. All of which, pleased Jessica James , owner and manager of the Jessie James Club, to no ends. \"Alright, boys.\" she called to her bartenders. \"1:15. Bottle up the hard stuff, put up the glasses.\" She moved away from the big island bar and made her way through the crowd. As she walked, she slipped a C.B. from her belt and called to her bouncers who were spread through out the club \"Start to weed out the D.D.s and get them to the cabs.\" referring to moving those too drunk to drive out to the cabs lined up out front. She had an arrangement with the cab companies that, for a small fee, they gave safe, discounted rides home for her patrons. Jessie's theory was that she was always paid back by the business that survived to return. Reaching the switch board, she unlocked the panel, threw a few switches, then closed it up again. The ceiling lights turned from red and yellow to blue and yellow. In response, the waitresses began to bust the empty tables, starting the closing procedures. With her crew in order, Jessie turned her attention to the stage to make sure the band had taken note of the light change. They had been told at the beginning of the day to watch for it, that that was the signal to start to slow down the music. Her guests won't want to slow down their drinking, much less leave, if the music was still jumpin'. Though she hadn't actually met the men (her P.R. man handled all the band stuff), she knew each from their profiles. She liked to be sure of what sort of element she was allowing in her club. There, on the sax, was Reno Nevada, Banzai's own personal P.R. man. His Latin black hair was striking against his sparkling, bright red shirt. He had an easy going smile that hinted that he could be a friend to just about anyone. But there was a hardness to his eyes, almost hidden, that warned that he could also be a deadly enemy to just about anyone who did him or his friends harm. His gentle artwork and his fast .45 automatic Colt mirrored the contrast of his own personality: gentle and vicious. Sitting at the piano was Dr Sidney Zwibel, aka New Jersey. Tall, dark, handsome (in a geeky sort of way), and shy. The boy was as smart as hell, but always seemed to be passing his genius off on someone else for the glory. Except for the big-ass, ten-gallon hat he sported. Apparently he had seen way too many silent westerns before joining up with the Cavaliers. Watching over the stage from his spot beside the piano, was the big cowboy and right hand man to Buckaroo Banzai, only known as Rawhide. He was quiet and watchful, taking in every detail of every inch of every person who came any where near the stage without being obvious about it. Tall, big, rugged, a student of life in general, he could easily fall into the big brother roll for any man on the stage, and a few that weren't. And somehow he pulled off the cowboy look where others failed. And there, playing on rhythm guitar, was the stylin' Perfect Tommy. Now, his profile had given Jessie a moment to pause. He was scandalous, an ex-con (though most wouldn't have known that without her connections, and she wondered if his band mates knew), arrogant... an all around wild, out-of-control young man. Everything about him was in question, from his education to his hair color. 'Course, maybe that was what was so intriguing about him: a girl could fall for him and hate him all in the same glance. And, of course, at center stage was Dr Buckaroo Banzai, strumming away on his guitar, whispering away a soft song (apparently he got the message). A slim man with an obvious, yet hidden, strength, shiny black hair, a slight Asian pinch to his striking blue eyes: he could only be described as beautiful. Well, genius also popped to mind. Orphaned from Jap-Tex parents, both brilliant scientists in their own right, he was never satisfied unless he was testing the excepted laws of known science and finding new ones to play with. Pushing sciences of all types, life in general, and luck ultimately to and beyond their limits was his way of life. And his Hong Kong Cavaliers followed him with a loyalty that could only come from the knowledge that, if anyone can do it, it was Buckaroo Banzai! Seeing her approach, Rawhide abandoned his post to meet her at the corner of the stage. \"Miss James.\" he greeted with a tip of his stetson. The boss-lady nodded once. \"Time to settle the boys down. In 30, shut it down.\" Rawhide threw her a salute. \"Will do.\" he answered, but then glanced over her head. \"Might wanna take a look, ma'am.\" he suggested in that old west drawl of his. Before Jessie could turn, her C.B. began to blare: \"Knuckles, we have a problem!\" \"Two more on your right flank, Gage!\" \"Get those mirrors covered!\" \"Primary aggressor has a bottle.\" \"Crap. And everything was going so well.\" Jessie grumbled. \"Need a hand?\" Rawhide offered. \"No. Stick to the script. Folks will take their cue from the band.\" Jessie turned and headed for the fight. \"On my way, Gage. Move it out the side door, away from the bottles and mirrors!\" The fight was a simple foursome which, with the help of their boss-lady and her snapping baton, the bouncers had subdued and piled into separate cabs, headed home. By the time Jessie had made it back into her club it was nearly empty for the exception of a few stragglers, and even they were slowly heading for the exits. Even the band was beginning to pack up. Jessie paused to note that Banzai and Perfect Tommy were no where to be seen. The boss-lady clapped her hands. \"Alrighty, folks, lets close up.\" Her crew threw her a \"duh\" expression which she smiled at. They knew what they were doing. She just said it to remind them that she was still the boss... or remind herself anyway. With a shake of her head, she reached over the bar, grabbed her jacket and headed for the door. \"I'm checkin' the perimeter. Connie, get everyone counted out and sent home.\" She received another \"duh\" for her efforts. \"Hold your hat, Knuckles.\" Gage, the tall, sleek head bouncer, called after her. Jessie paused to protest, but Gage shook his head, warning her against it. \"Your own rules: no one outside after hours without a buddy.\" He grinned. \"And you don't make buddies fast enough to turn one away.\"Jessie huffed under her breath, but waited for him none-the-less. \"Do you have any idea how lucky you were?\" Buckaroo snapped. Perfect Tommy chuckled. \"Not all that lucky. I did flip the car.\" he pointed out. \"This isn't funny!\" Buckaroo shoved a finger at his friend. \"You could have been killed! You could have killed someone else!\" He threw his hands in the air. \"How stupid can you be? You didn't even ware a helmet!\" \"My car, my experiment...\" Tommy started, but Buckaroo cut him off by shoving the finger at his chest. \"My reputation!\" he roared stepping forward, slamming his friend against the front of the Jessie James Club. Several people still gathered about, waiting for rides, paused to watch.\"My reputation!\" Buckaroo growled, leaning close as if to keep the conversation between them, though his voice managed to carry to everyone in the vicinity. \"My institute! My rules!\" Perfect Tommy shoved him away. \"You can take your rules and shove them where the sun don't shine!\" he growled back. \"I am so sick of your rules. Can't do this, can't do that. Straight as an arrow.\" He waved a hand in the air. \"Well, not all of us are as boring as you!\" Someone cleared their throat. \"Excuse me, gentlemen, is there a problem?\" Both turned to glare at Jessie James and Gage, though Tommy's expression softened when he saw the girl. Jessica James was a small woman, almost petit. Her long black hair was tied back with a leather thong. Her light tan skin clashed with her emerald green eyes. Making her look even darker than she was, she wore the black t-shirt and black jeans of the bouncers of her club, and a red leather jacket. A 30\" long black oak baton hung from her hip in easy reach. \"No.\" Buckaroo finally spoke up. \"No problem. Just a little interior dispute.\" Jessie nodded slightly, looking the men over. Her eyes lingered a little longer on Tommy before returning to the doctor. \"A little advise: interior disputes should be handled interior... not on my door step.\" Buckaroo frowned. \"You're right, of course. My apologies.\" he offered. Again she nodded. She and her bouncer moved off, continuing their patrol. Buckaroo snapped around on Tommy once again. \"It is my way, or the highway.\" he growled out the warning. With that, he spun about and stomped back into the club. Perfect Tommy watched him go. \"Highway keeps looking better and better.\" he said to a couple who stared at him as they walked pass.**********Rawhide watched as Buckaroo crossed the club, coming back to the stage. \"Start hauling the gear to the bus, boys.\" he said, before jumping down off the stage and meeting Buckaroo half way. \"Not a lot of fun?\" he wanted to know. With a sigh, Buckaroo scratched his head. \"You could say that.\" he mumbled. \"It is going to work, right?\" \"Well,\" Buckaroo Banzai looked up at him, \"that is the question, isn't it?\" Perfect Tommy sat on the bumper of the bus and leaned his head back against the cool metal. It amazed him how he barely noticed the bumps after rolling the car, but a little chat with Buckaroo... oh, ouch. He arched his back, hearing it crack. \"That sounds like it hurt.\" Tommy glanced up into the darkness. A tall, slim woman stepped out of the shadows. Despite the overcoat, her figure was most noticeable. Her smooth porcelain skin, shimmering green eyes, and long, fire-red hair added to her beauty to the point where Tommy could think of nothing to top it. So taken, Perfect Tommy almost missed the 6 rather large brutes that flanked her. Almost... He slowly rose to his feet. \"Miss.\" he greeted. \"Can I help you?\" He watched as the men spread out around them. The woman smiled, her red-red lips plush and moist. \"What a coincidence. I was sent to ask you the same.\" she purred. \"Really?\" Tommy also smiled, though his eyes were showed wary. \"What makes you think I need help?\" She continued to smile, an expression of welcome, even beckoning, as she slowly circled him, closing in with each step. \"Is it not obvious? A brilliant man like yourself under the heavy heal of the boorish, glory hog Dr Banzai.\" She shook her head, resting one hand on her stomach as if the very idea made her sick. \"How can anyone support free thinking, then imprison the great thinkers of the world with rules and his own personal form of morality?\" \"There's a bit more to it than that.\" Tommy admitted, resisting the urge to jump to his friend's defense. The woman sighed, offering in a softer tone \"I'm sorry. I realize that he is your friend.\" She rested a long fingered hand on his arm. \"But friendship doesn't always last well between two creators. One must always be greater than the other. No matter the cost. It is the law of human existence.\" she explained gently. Tommy shook his head slightly. \"And that would be Buckaroo. He has enough degrees to wall paper the entire institute.\" \"No!\" the woman cried, shocked that he could think so little of himself. She stood in front of him, gripping his arms in her gentle hands. \"No. Education does not make a man great. Action does. And that is exactly why Banzai continues to stomp on every action you attempt. He knows your ability to act gives you the potential of being a true great, over shadowing even himself.\" \"Great?\" Tommy chuckled. \"Truly great!\" she corrected. She set a hand on his chest, leaning up against him, batting her eyes. \"The greatest.\" Her other hand ran down his arm until her fingers intertwined with his own. \"And I can give you the opportunity to be so.\" The stage door rattled. \"M' Lady?\" one of the men stepped toward them urgently. The woman pulled away. \"Meet me in three days at sun down at the duck pond in Sequoia Park, Eureka, California.\" And, with that, she and her escort turned and disappeared back into the darkness. Jessica pushed Gage back around the corner where they watched the small group hurry away. \"What do you think that was all about?\" Gage whispered. Jessie stepped away, her eyes locked on the retreating woman. \"Lady Oran de Nathair.\" she hissed. \"What?\" \"That was all about evil.\" Jessie growled. She glanced back at her man. Then spun about and hurried back to her club. \"Gage, I'm leaving town. Look after the joint.\" With a wave of his hand, Gage mumbled \"Don't I always?\" He didn't know if she heard. Didn't matter. She knew he knew his job and that was all there was to it. That was the problem working for a bounty hunter. A small hand set on his bare chest and gently shook him. Buckaroo's eyes snapped open, his hand reaching up to grab the intruder. His grip softened when he realized who it was. Smiling, he reached up and caressed her cheek. \"Peggy.\" he breathed. Every morning he woke to her shining face was the best morning of his life. But she wasn't smiling. Buckaroo sat up. \"What's wrong?\" \"You better come down stairs.\" was all she would say. Most everyone was in the cafeteria. They looked up as Peggy and Buckaroo walked in. \"What's going on?\" Buckaroo wanted to know. He was steadily going from curios to concern to freaked out. Particularly when he saw so many of the Institute's residences up and about at 6am. It was nearly impossible to get most of them up before noon without a nuclear blast. Many were still in their night clothes. Rawhide glanced around at the others, settling on Mrs. Johnson, the young receptionist and contact person for the Institute, to speak for them. Mrs. Johnson glared at Buckaroo. \"He's leaving!\" she announced. \"Leaving?\" Buckaroo glanced around to see who was missing. \"Who?\" \"Perfect Tommy!\" the irate girl snapped. \"Who do you think?\" Reno reached out and put a restraining hand on the girl's shoulder. Everyone knew how Mrs. Johnson felt about her family at the Institute. It was her only family. Her life began and ended with the people within these walls. In that, she had found a common thread with Perfect Tommy, though neither would ever speak of it. This was all either of them had. And she did not like the idea of losing him. Rawhide rubbed his chin. \"He's outside, packing his saddlebags into his car.\" Buckaroo sighed, dropping his chin to his chest. After a moment, he looked up at them. \"We knew this might happen.\" \"This is going too far!\" Johnson protested, her voice taking on a note of desperation. \"We could lose him!\" Buckaroo stepped over to stand in front of her. \"We won't lose him.\" he promised, hoping he sounded more sure than he felt. The he stepped pass her and headed out the glass French doors leading out to the patio. He closed the door behind him, letting them know that he was not to be followed. Perfect Tommy's red corvette was parked at the edge of the patio. He was trying to rearrange the trunk so as to fit his duffel bag. He barely glanced up when Buckaroo walked over and leaned against the hood of the car. Banzai offered a smile. \"Problem with these things: no trunk space.\" \"I'm sure with your collective genius you can fix the problem.\" Tommy mumbled. Giving up on strategy, he turned to pure violence to slam his bag in, punching it until it looked, more or less, like he might be able to shut the trunk... if he slammed it hard enough. Buckaroo ran his fingers through his hair. \"White flag, Tommy. It's just you and me.\" Slamming the trunk closed. Tommy glanced around, then stepped over and leaned against the car beside his friend. \"White flag.\" he agreed. \"Are you sure you want to do this, Tom?\" Perfect Tommy glanced skyward, chuckling. Finally, with a shake of his head, he looked at Buckaroo. \"I need to do this.\" he said softly. Buckaroo licked his lips. \"A lot of folks are worried about you, buddy.\" Tommy glanced at the cafeteria windows. The occupants quickly turned away, trying to hide the fact that they had been spying. he smiled slightly. \"Tell them I'll be fine.\" he said before climbing into his car. Buckaroo grabbed the door before it could be closed. \"Tom...\" \"You know, folks generally don't call me just plain ol' Tom unless they're being dead serious.\" he grinned one of his amazingly charming grins. \"Serious doesn't suit you, Bucky ol' pal.\" Banzai smiled despite himself. \"Look after yourself, Tom. And if you need anything... anything at all...\" Perfect Tommy waved a hand. \"I'll keep in touch.\" Buckaroo nodded slightly. \"Just remember: it's never too late to change your mind.\"His friend flashed him one last grin, then closed the door and drove away. Dr Buckaroo Banzai watched until he could no longer see the car. \"He'll be fine. \" he repeated, wishing he sounded more sure than he felt. Perfect Tommy sat on the hood of his car, tossing pebbles into the duck pond. A particularly vicious looking goose with an angry bark made him thankful that there was a fence around the pond. He really wished he knew what he was doing here. Putting aside the fact that he was practically allergic to nature, being a pure blooded city boy (he was already going through concrete withdraw), he was all alone, cut off from friends, from family. And he did it all himself! \"Fancy meeting you here.\" Tommy glanced left, expecting to see a tall, redhead beauty. What he saw was a small, dark spit fire. \"Miss James? What are you doing here?\" Jessie shrugged. \"I'm in town to help out a friend. And yourself? It's a long ways from home.\" Perfect Tommy threw another pebbles in the water, upsetting the goose all over again. \"Well, home is on the road... for a while, anyway.\" Jessie took a pebble from his hand and tossed it at the water. \"Interior disputes have a habit of doing that.\" she remarked. \"Do me a favor?\" Tommy looked her over. It came to him in a flash that he might do anything she asked. \"Depends.\" Her green eyes locked with his. \"Just because you're running away, doesn't mean you have to run to something.\" she said softly. \"And if you're gonna jump into bed, make sure it isn't filled with snakes.\" Tommy frowned. She knew... but what did she know that he didn't? Before he could ask for details, she turned climbed into a beat-up truck, and drove away. Puzzled, Tommy turned back to his anti-fan goose. \"Just keeps getting better and better.\" he mumbled. Perfect Tommy was alone for only a few moments when he was startled again. \"So, you came.\" the redhead stated as she walked up to stand beside his car. Perfect Tommy slid to the ground. \"I came.\" he agreed. She smiled that perfect smile of hers, those green eyes twinkling. \"My name is Oran and I am very pleased to see that you have chosen the path of greatness.\" \"Well, lets just say I've chosen the path of curiosity.\" Tommy corrected. \"Curiosity, then.\" she allowed. She wrapped her arm around his and started to lead him to the limousine parked behind his car. \"Everything is given life in the womb of curiosity.\" \"What about my car?\" Tommy wondered as the door to the limo was held open for them. \"You'll have no need for it where you are going.\" Tommy stopped. \"You are?\" he repeated. It would have been ever so much more comforting if she had said \"we.\" Again she smile at him. \"If you decide you still want it after we're done, I will personally drive you back to this very spot.\" she assured. Tommy's eye brows rose slightly. \"You expect to so radically change my life?\" \"Radically and ultimately.\" she promised. \"Well, then...\" Without a last glance at his beloved vehicle, Perfect Tommy climbed into the limo. Jessie James watched the limo make its way up the dirt road and out of sight. She leaned back against her truck. She really had hoped that the Cavalier wouldn't go with the witch. She had thought, hoped even, that he was a good guy. It surprised her how much it bugged her to find out otherwise. Her Austrian Shepherd stuck his head out the window and wined as if he sensed something had unsettled his mistress. \"Don't worry about me, Oddity.\" She whispered, reaching up to scratch his ears. \"We've got plenty enough to worry about without adding me to the list.\" Again the dog wined. Jessie sighed. \"Yea, I know. He's a bad guy. We're just going to have to take him down with the rest.\" With a last scratch, she climbed into the truck once again. There was little real conversation on the ride. Every question Perfect Tommy asked was answered with flattery so thick that it was beginning to be more than he could take. And he had thought he could take anything... particularly flattery. The windows were tinted so dark that no one could see in nor out, so, for the exception of the occasional turn, Perfect Tommy had no way of telling where he was. And Oran wasn't supplying any answers. And, damn, that was getting annoying! \"So, does Oran have a last name?\" he asked, trying to pick up some form of communication. The woman's beautiful eyes twinkled. \"Does Tommy?\" He frowned. \"Yes: Tommy. My name is Perfect Tommy.\" The woman smirked. \"I suppose that does make Tommy your last name. Should I call you Perfect, then?\" She snuggled into his side. \"It certainly fits.\" Again Tommy frowned. \"Tommy will do fine.\" \"And Oran serves me well.\" She sighed when she saw that he was not satisfied, and she sat upright and began to dig in her purse for something. \"Please understand, Tommy, that in our existence of one man's genius being another's glory, sometimes our only protection is the secret of our names.\" Again she smirked. \"I believe you know that simple truth... unless you expect me to believe that Perfect Tommy is your given name.\" \"Makes sense.\" he had to admit. He wanted to argue that it was like that with Buckaroo Banzai and the Hong Kong Cavaliers. but then he remembered such names as Rawhide, Pecos, and so many others, including himself; people who left their real names, along with their pasts, far behind. Damn, the only person he was sure about was New Jersey, and that was just because that the man was so damn innocent that he couldn't be anything other than what he seemed. He could feel the limo decelerate. There were bumps as if they were going down a dirt road. He leaned close to the window to try, once more, to see out. \"Relax.\" Oran whispered into his ears. A sharp stab at the base of his neck stopped him. He started to reach up to feel what had happened, but Oran smacked his hand away. \"I said relax!\" she snapped. Withdrawing the syringe from his neck, she moved over to the seat across from him. Tommy reached up again, but his hands suddenly felt very heavy. In fact, everything was beginning to feel very heavy, from his eyes to his toes, even his toung. \"What... what did you do to me?\" he gasped. Oran watched as he fell over across the seat. She leaned back, crossing one beautiful leg over the other. \"What a disappointment you have been. I expected more of a challenge from one of Banzai's acclaimed Hong Kong Cavaliers.\" she complained. \"I don't know whether to be proud of the quick success of the hunt, or ashamed at the previous failures of our employees.\" The limo pulled to stop and the door was opened. Lady Oran de Nathair took the hand offered to her from outside and stepped out of the car. Lord Uilc Duine glanced inside, clapped his hands with glee, and offered \"Well done, my beautiful Lady. Well done, indeed.\" The one place in the world Jessie knew better than her club was the redwood forest she was raised in. Funny how folks always end up back home. Everyone did, from bounty hunter and N.Y. night club owner Jessica James to the evil, seductive witch Lady Oran de Nathair. Jessie crouched down and peered around the tree to look down at the log cabin. It was a small place for the Lord and Lady. They tended to like big, expensive, fancy... but, then again, the witch was smart enough to know how not to attract attention. If she hadn't followed them here, Jessie would have never looked for them here. \"Oddity.\" she hissed to the dog crouched down beside her. When he looked up at her, she commanded \"Oddity, scout!\" and pointed at the cabin. The dog sniffed the air, then ran forward, disappearing into the trees and pulled a small laptop from her pack and opened it up. With a few key strokes a topographic map appeared, including the cabin, bunkhouse on the far side, and even the small garden. A red dot appeared, and then another. \"Good boy, Oddity.\" she whispered. For nearly 30 minutes several red dots appeared on the screen, marking the humans in the area. A few large blue dots marked vehicles. And then, after making a full circle around the area, Oddity returned, panting from his long run. Jessie poured him some water from her canteen. As he lapped it up, she removed from his collar a tiny camera-like devise. With a few more key strokes, the map twisted and turned, taking on a 3-D appearance. She studied it for a long moment, then closed the computer up and returned it to her pack. Glancing at her watch, she mumbled \"Alrighty now. 11:26... we'll go in at 5am. Sleepiest hour of the day, so get some sleep now.\" She glanced down at her dog only to find him softly snoring, his own personal version of a \"duh\" look. Chuckling, Jessie laid back, resting her head on his soft fur, closed her eyes, and waited. That damn pounding just won't cease. Not that, if he thought about it, he wanted it to. After all, it was the beating of his own heart he was talking about... or rather thinking about. Damn, it hurt to think. Just stop thinking. Just concentrate on the pounding... the heart beat. The thump, thump, thump... Perfect Tommy's eyes fluttered, then slowly opened. Damn, his eyes hurt. Slowly, careful not to smear it across his vision, his hand rose up, across his face, to half drag half drop on his damp forehead. His fingers tingled as if coming awake. For that matter, everything tingled. And it was tense, almost maddening. \"Lie still.\" he whispered. Damn, his throat hurt. Was there anything that didn't hurt? He started to sit up, but his entire body screamed in protest. Damn, everything did hurt! There was a chuckle. Damn, the ears hurt too. With a groan, he forced himself up. There, standing at the foot of the cot he had been laid on, was Oran. She smiled down at him, but nothing was beautiful about the expression. It was filled with cruel pleasure and loathing.. \"What did you do to me?\" Tommy hissed, rubbing his eyes. The woman glanced at her companion, a large, bulky man wearing a gold tuxedo and sipping wine. The bald man chuckled again. \"For being one of Banzai's brightest, he sure is thick.\" he looked at Oran. \"My sweet Lady, why has this taken us so long?\" Lady Oran de Nathair shook her head. \"It is a wonder, my Lord.\" she admitted. The pain was quickly becoming a memory now as blood flow worked the drug out of Perfect Tommy's system. He smiled slightly. \"Well, they do say curiosity killed the cat.\" he offered. The Lord and Lady looked at him. Then the Lord laughed, his large stomach jiggling. \"How right he is.\" \"For your information, Tomas,\" Oran spoke directly to him, \"you are going to die. You're attempt to infiltrate us was admirably brave, yet incredibly stupid.\" \"Incredibly stupid.\" Tommy agreed, swinging his feet off the cot. \"The smart thing would have been to have shot you on sight. But, no, Buckaroo wanted to bring you in.\" He shrugged. \"You don't seem overly concerned with your coming demise, young man.\" Lord Uilc Duine observed, still chuckling. \"Perhaps you believe help is on the way. Perhaps it would be, if this was still working.\" he held up the Blue Blaze's small go-phone. It had been smashed. Perfect Tommy licked his lips. \"Well, that would be helpful.\" he admitted. No use denying the obvious. Again the Lord threw back his head and laughed. Ignoring him, Tommy turned his attention to the Lady. \"If I'm going to die anyway, wanna tell me who the hell you are and why you are so damn interested in the Banzai Institute?\" The woman frowned, suspicion always alert. But her counterpart was all too eager to answer. \"I am the Lord Uilc Duine of the Clan Uilc Dochas, the rightful rulers of the Talmhainn. And this is my dear cousin, the Lady Oran de Nathair. And we want in your precious walls for the same reason all other wants-to-rule-the-world evil entities do.\" Tommy's turn to smile. \"A little hard to do if I'm dead, isn't it?\" \"Not really.\" the Lady spoke up. \"We already have your finger prints and retinal scans. A little DNA... it will be fairly easy to install a replacement at the Institute.\" She smiled. That smile was beginning to ware away at his self confidence. He was going to die. And she was going to enjoy it. `Put it off... delay it as long as... Buckaroo will come! He will!' \"I must admit, you have a cozy little killing den here.\" he observed, trying to find ways to drag it on. As long as they were talking they weren't killing. That was good. \"Oh, this is nothing.\" Lord Uilc Duine waved a hand in the air. \"You should see our place in Ukiah.\" \"My Lord!\" Oran snapped. She had decided that that was too much information. \"The sun will rise soon. He should be taken care of before then.\" The Lord sighed. \"Very well, my sweet Lady.\" He waved to a pair of henchmen. \"Take care of it.\" he ordered. \"The Lady and I will be returning home.\" \"Perhaps, my Lord, we should see this finished.\" Oran started, but the Lord held up a hand. \"I am tired, my dear.\" he said. \"And we have already declared this man an idiot. There is no reason for us to stay.\" He turned and started to leave, but pause. Glancing back to his henchmen, he gave one last order: \"Don't do it in here. I just had the place recarpeted.\" Oddity growled. Jessie's eyes snapped open. \"What...\" she started, then remembered. Sitting up she glanced at her watch. 4:52am. The alarm didn't go off. So why did Oddity... An engine sounded. She crawled around so that she could see down below at the cabin. The limo was pulling away. \"Crap.\" Jessie growled. \"Come on, Oddity. We've gotta get back to the truck.\" She jumped to her feet and snatched up her pack and rifle. But another growl from her dog stopped her. Again she glanced down at the cabin. Perfect Tommy was shoved out of the cabin and out onto the ground. Four men followed him. One dragged him to his feet and pushed him ahead of them and into the 's heart fluttered. They were going to kill him. She was nearly overwhelmed with relief. He wasn't on their side! he wasn't a bad guy! Of course, now they were going to kill him for it. \"Well, crap all over again.\" Now she had to choose between catching the witch or saving the wayward Cavalier. \"Crap, crap, crap.\" She pointed to the trees where the men had disappeared. \"Oddity, hunt!\" she ordered. The dog leaped away and Jessie took chase. \"Think we can talk about this?\" Tommy attempted as he was shoved deeper into the woods. Apparently they wanted any blood spillage as far away from the cabin as possible. None of his soon-to-be executioners answered. \"Come on, if you can't read, you must at least watch T.V.!\" Tommy pushed on. \"The bad guys never win! The good guys always get them in the end.\" Again he was ignored. Apparently they didn't watch the same channel he did. \"You won't get away with this.\" he continued. \"They will get you!\" A bush shook. A low growl sounded. The five men stopped. Suddenly an Austrian Shepherd leaped from the bushes, skidding to halt in front of them. He crouched down and snarled at them. The four henchmen exchanged glances. Aussies weren't exactly known for violence. he looked more huggable than frightening. But then a flash of light reflecting off of the brass plated rifle was seen behind the men lifted their guns. Perfect Tommy slammed to his left, knocking two men to the ground. He kicked one's weapon out of his hands, then turned to find the other. Oddity leaped forward, latching his teeth on the arm of the third. Jessie quickly followed her dog into the fray, swinging the butt of her '66 Winchester at his victim, knocking him out cold. Then she and the dog turned, looking for the fourth. He was taking a bead on Tommy, who was finishing off the second man. \"Watch it!\" Jessie warned, bringing her rifle up. Perfect Tommy dropped to the ground, the bullet meant for him striking and killing his opponent instead. Jessie did not miss. The gunman dropped to the ground dead. The action was followed by silence. After a moment, Tommy said \"Thanx.\" \"Any time.\" Jessie answered as if the discussion was no more important than her offering him a ride. But Oddity saw the matter as being quite a bit more urgent. With a bark, he nudged his mistress. \"I know, Oddity.\" Jessie tossed her a heavy hand gun. \"We've gotta go.\" Tommy nodded. \"You will get around to telling me how your friend is, won't you, Miss. James?\" \"Friends call me Knuckles. And you can tell me later.\" was Jessie's answer. She pointed back the way they had come. \"Oddity, truck.\" The dog raced away. Bullets began to hit the trees around them as those henchmen around the cabin responded to the gunfire. \"Follow Oddity!\" Jessie yelled, waving Tommy away. She followed in a step behind. Struggling through the dark and damp forest, Perfect Tommy could barely keep up with the barks and flashes of white fur. behind him, Knuckles, more sure footed in the woods, paused from time to time to fire back at anyone who got too close. Then the truck came in sight, parked on an abandoned logging road. Oddity already stood in the back, barking encouragement. Perfect Tommy grabbed the edge and leaped into the back, the dog yipping at the sudden intrusion. \"Here! Keep them off our backs!\" Knuckles ordered, tossing him her rifle and climbing into the cab of her truck. The engine roared to life. Bullets hit the side of the truck, smashing the front light and window. \"Crap!\" \"Damn!\" Knuckles' and Tommy's curses overlapping. Perfect Tommy yanked the dog down under cover, and took aim at the first man stepping out of the trees. \"Go!\" he yelled. \"Go, go, go!\" \"That's the freakin' plan!\" Jessie snapped, putting the vehicle into gear. The truck lurched down the dirt road. Henchmen filled the road behind them, firing at the escapees. But, soon, they were left behind in the dust. When no more bullets hit her truck, Jessie let the excitement out in a screamed \"Yeow!\" She laughed, reaching back to open the cab window. \"Now that was a thrill, eh, buddy?\" The only answer was a wine from Oddity. \"Perfect Tommy?\" she called, suddenly concerned. When no answer came, she twisted about and looked back. Perfect Tommy laid, unmoving, in the bed of her truck, his head bleeding. The Siege Buckaroo Banzai watched as his Blue Blazes spread out over the cabin and the surrounding area. The rounding up of the bad guys was going surprisingly well, almost easy. Already the patty wagon was filling up. The police were holding to their part, thankfully, staying out of the way, handcuffing, searching, and locking up the bad guys as the BB's brought them down. It was important to keep the cops out of the fight. They still didn't know where Perfect Tommy was, and it took only one nervous rookie to put a hole in the wrong guy. Buckaroo couldn't help but be apprehensive, though. Where was Perfect Tommy? He should have showed up by now. Unless he was tied up somewhere, or hurt, or... or worse. As if answering his thoughts, his go-phone beeped. Answering it, he heard \"Buckaroo... we found him.\" His gut twisted. \"He's alright.\" With a sigh of relief, Buckaroo, after getting a location, started for the trail that lead behind the cabin. New Jersey was down on one knee, cutting the remains of a rope from Prefect Tommy's wrists. Rawhide shoved one of the bad guys into Pinky Carruthers waiting, and not too kind, custody. \"Hey, boss.\" Pinky mumbled as he continued to shove the man pass Buckaroo and back to the patty wagon. Buckaroo smiled when he saw his friend, bruised, but alive. \"You alright, Perfect Tommy?\" he asked. Perfect Tommy shrugged. \"I'm in horrific agony.\" he grumbled. Again, Buckaroo's gut twisted. \"I'm in desperate need of a shower and a change of clothes.\" Buckaroo frowned. He glanced at Rawhide. The big cowboy shrugged. \"What can I say?\" he mumbled. \"He's perfect.\" he reached down, grabbed Tommy under the arm, and dragged him to his feet. Jersey rose up beside them. \"I still think we should run him by the hospital.\" \"Ah, don't be such a mother hen, Doc.\" Tommy chided. \"I want my car, I want to go home, I want a shower, I want a real bed, I want sleep that isn't chemically induced... anyone taking notes?\" Buckaroo's smile returned. \"Home.\" Mrs. Johnson wasn't the type to throw herself at a man. Unless they were coming home from a dangerous mission. \"Hey!\" Perfect Tommy yelped as the girl jumped at him, slamming him back against the door, closing it on the rest of the Hong Kong Cavaliers. She wrapped her arms around his neck and hugged him for all she was worth. When she was sure he understood how happy she was to see him alive, she stepped back and slammed her tiny fist into his shoulder. \"Ow! What was that for?\" Tommy cried, rubbing the offended shoulder. \"You arrogant idiot, running off to play bait for a bunch of power hungry sharks!\" she snapped. \"Next time stay home! I'll be more than happy to shoot you myself!\" Perfect Tommy smiled. He opened his mouth to respond, but a knock on the door took him out of the center of attention. Shoving him aside, the girl yanked the door open, grabbed Buckaroo by the shirt front, yanked him in, and slammed the door, once more, on the Cavaliers. \"I told you it was a bad idea!\" she snapped at him. Another knock interrupted. \"What?\" she snapped at the door. Rawhide's voice came from the other side \"Never mind. We'll go around through the kitchen.\" \"Touch my sticky buns, and some one is going to die!\" Mrs. Johnson yelled back, before turning back to her two victims. \"Look, babe,\" Perfect Tommy started, wrapping an arm around her waist, \"I'm fine. No harm, no foul. Think I could stay away from your radiant beauty?\" Not waiting for a response, he leaped pass her and up the stairs. Mrs. Johnson frowned. \"Babe?\" She looked up at Buckaroo. \"Is he alright?\" Buckaroo Banzai didn't have an answer. After a moment, he reached out and gently squeezed her shoulder. \"Do me a favor and stay away from him for awhile.\" Confused, but knowing when best to obey, the girl nodded. Again, Buckaroo squeezed her shoulder, offering a reassuring smile, then he headed for the kitchen in search of Rawhide and New Jersey. Knuckles stepped back and threw the grease rag at the engine. \"Damn, freakin', son-of-a...\" A rustle in the bed interrupted her. She hurried around the back to check on her passenger. Perfect Tommy's eyes were fluttering. \"Oddity, guard!\" she ordered the Aussie, who, in response, jumped out of the truck and took up a patrol around the vehicle. Jessie climbed up and knelt beside her wounded charge. She dampened a clean rag with water from a jug and gently dabbed at his forehead Groaning, Tommy turned his head away. \"Lie still.\" she encouraged. His eyes opened. they seemed foggy as they tried to find something to focus on. \"What...\" he mouthed, but he couldn't quite gather the strength to put voice to the words. \"Shhh.\" She ran her fingers through his hair around the deep gash that ran from his left temple to just over his left ear. The blood had matted the hair. \"You were shot. The bullet ripped open your head.\" \"Hos... hospital...\" he gasped, mustering what strength he could to communicate. The girl shook her head. \"Can't. They'll be watching for us there.\" Not comprehending, he tried again. \"Hospital.\" \"A hospital would be a death sentence for both of us!\" Jessie snapped more out of frustration with the situation than at him. \"Look, you're a nice guy, but I ain't ready to die for you.\" Perfect Tommy's eyes seemed to finally focus. \"Miss James?\" \"Knuckles. Folks call me Knuckles.\" she corrected. \"You will be alright.\" she assured. \"I just need to get you somewhere safe.\" \"Banzai.\" She nodded. \"Yea, that's what I figured, but you aren't the only one with a hole in ya.\" His eyes filled with concern. He managed to lift his hand, grabbed her sleeve. \"You?\" Knuckles grabbed his hand and gently pried it off. \"Truck. Engine is full of holes.\" She leaned back with a sigh. Wiping at her chin with the back of her hand, she continued \"I can patch the radiator enough to get us into Elko, but it'll be dark before I'm done. We'll camp out here, and hit the town come morning. I know a fix-it man down there who'll give us a hand.\" \"Elko?\" \"A little mining town in Nevada.\" Knuckles explained. Perfect Tommy gazed at Knuckles for a long moment, before repeating \"Contact Buckaroo.\" Jessie James's green eyes squinted at him. \"I would if I could. I've even tried the internet.\" She shook her head. \"The Clan's blocking us somehow. If I knew technology more...\" Again she shook her head. \"Tracer.\" Knuckles head tilted to one side. \"Tracer?\" \"There's a tracer.\" Tommy mumbled. He closed his eyes lightly, wishing the brain fog would lift just a little faster. \"A tracer? You mean like a tag?\" Knuckles voice betrayed her sudden excitement. \"Where?\" \"Shoe... I... I was supposed to activate it once I got inside.\" \"Inside?\" Her mind began to race. \"Of course! Crap, of course!\" She smacked herself in the head. \"You were a plant! Bait! You didn't break from Buckaroo Banzai! It was all a con.\" \"The tracer.\" Tommy insisted, wondering why she was making such a big deal over the obvious. \"Yea... which shoe?\" \"Left.\" Jessie pulled the tennis shoe off and inspected it. \"I don't see it.\" \"Let me see.\" She slid an arm under Tommy and helped him to sit up. Tommy grimaced as pain threatened to crush the world around him once more. Quickly, Jessie set the shoe aside and wrapped her arms around the wounded man. \"Easy.\" she whispered. She stuffed a blanket behind his back and head and leaned him against the back of the cab. \"Move easy.\" she encouraged. Shivering, Tommy blinked away the tears. \"Where's the shoe?\" he asked through clenched teeth. \"Damn the shoe.\" the girl snapped. \"Give it a moment.\" Taking a deep breath, he reached out a squeezed her arm. \"It's getting better.\" he assured. And, true, his voice was sounding stronger, steadier. Frowning, Jessie watched him for a breath. Then, with a sigh, she handed him the shoe. This time Perfect Tommy frowned. \"This isn't it.\" he mumbled. Jessie glanced down at his feet. \"That's the left one.\" \"I don't ware tennis shoes.\" he pointed out. \"This isn't my shoe.\" He looked away suddenly. \"Oh no.\" \"Oh no what?\" \"Oran and her bf... her cousin?\" \"What about them?\" Knuckles' voice suddenly became emotionless. \"They said they were going to replace me. Send someone back to Buckaroo pretending to be me.\" His eyes closed again. \"Well, damn.\" Jessie ran her fingers through her hair. \"That's why Banzai isn't looking for you. He's already found you. But why does the Clan want...\" \"Why?\" Tommy shrugged. \"Same reason all the other wants-to-rule-the-world evil entities want in. We have more brain power in there than the entire world's think tanks put together.\" Perfect Tommy closed his eyes again. \"What is he going to do?\" he wondered aloud. \"Spy on them or break open the bank?\" \"Break it wide open.\" Knuckles answered without a doubt. \"The lord isn't patient enough to sit and wait for tid-bits of info.\" She leaned back again to think. But Perfect Tommy glanced at her sharply. \"I didn't call him Lord.\" his head was aching bad enough without having to think. But there were questions... \"What were you doing there, anyway? Why were you following me? And how do you know about these people?\" Knuckles stared at him for a long moment. Then she rose up and jumped over the side. \"I better finish patching up things before we lose the light.\" she called over her shoulder, returning to her work. From the bed of the truck, she heard from Perfect Tommy a last \"Well, damn.\" Pinky Carruthers didn't like this. He didn't like it when things were out of place. He didn't like it when things moved contrary to prediction or habit. he didn't like not being able to tell exactly when, where, and why everyone under his watchful eye was. And Perfect Tommy was majorly screwing with all that! Forget the fact that the boy was, by nature, lazy. But he was messing with things he didn't know anything about, that were not his to mess with, that he didn't even like. The Institute security was Pinky's! And Perfect Tommy had no business sticking his nose into his security. And that was exactly what Pinky Caruthers said when he complained to Rawhide. \"Something's wrong with the boy.\" he insisted, not quite able to keep his concern from softening his anger. Rawhide rubbed his rough chin. \"Keep an eye on him, Pinky.\" he mumbled. \"But keep your distance. We don't know what they did to him. He might be just trying to work things out.\" \"You gonna talk to the boss?\" Rawhide nodded. \"Let us know if he tires to leave.\" leaving it at that, he returned to the house. Buckaroo was waiting for him just inside the door. \"What do you think?\" he asked when he heard the complaint. \"Psychology opinion? Or friend and team mate opinion?\" Rawhide was already sorting through is vast knowledge of the human mind for an answer. \"I'll take whatever can explain it.\" \"Well, he hasn't told us anything about what happened to him. And he refused to get checked out. We have no idea of the damage done, physically nor mentally. He could just have the jitters, or maybe a whack on the head had muddled his thinking a bit.\" He frowned pushing his hat back on his head. \"Or?\" Buckaroo encouraged, though he was pretty sure what the or was. \"It could be Xan's doing.\" Buckaroo felt a mixture of cold horror and hot rage run through the center of his being. Through clenched teeth, he growled \"A chip.\" Rawhide sighed. \"We sent him to find out who's been so rudely knockin' on our door. It just might have been a sect of the World Crime League.\" His eyes locked with Buckaroo's. \"He needs to be checked out, boss, whether he likes it or not.\" Buckaroo ran his fingers through his hair. After a long silent moment, he mumbled \"It's late. As soon as he's up in the morning, bring him down to the infirmary. Kicking and fussing if need be.\" Rawhide nodded once, but, before walking away, he reached out and gently squeezed his friend's arm. Buckaroo shook his head. \"I can't lose another one to Xan. I won't!\" he promised. The truck bed creaked. Perfect Tommy's eyes snapped open. \"Miss James?\" he whispered. The world was too dark for him to see anything and, even if didn't hurt so much, he was too cold to move. So, whoever was coming... \"It's just me.\" the girl whispered back. \"And it's Knuckles.\" He felt her lay down beside him and pull the blanket over them both. She wrapped an arm over his chest and snuggled close. Tommy chuckled. \"If I didn't hurt so much, I might find this interesting.\" \"And then you'd find yourself dead.\" Jessie James mumbled against his arm. \"I only have two blankets and we're in the mountains on a November night. If we don't share body heat we could just lose it all. And you're too weak to survive that.\" \"I appreciate the concern.\" He couldn't help but grin. They were silent for a long time. Tommy was just drifting off to sleep €when Knuckles' voice called him back. \"I wasn't following you. I was following the Clan.\" \"The Clan? Oran and chubby?\" Tommy mumbled, forcing sleep aside. He felt her head nod against his arm. \"Clan Uilc Dochas. I've been after them for a long time, now.\" She signed and nestled closer, reaching over to tuck the blanket in around them. \"Long time?\" \"Ever since that witch murdered my father.\" Tommy glanced through the dark at the girl. Hundreds of questions were answered with just one sentence. Taking a deep breath, Jessie continued. \"My adopted father was a Navy JAG Captain. He found evidence of the Clan in an investigation. He was about to expose them when they snatched him.\" Her voice shook slightly. \"They gave him to that witch, their Lady Oran de Nathair. For days, she tortured him for no more reason than amusement, until he just up and died.\" She stiffened. \"I used my father's files to hunt them down. Then they just disappeared. Until you...\" She didn't need to finish. \"At your club... you heard her talking to me.\" Tommy concluded. \"And now I have her scent again. I'm gonna get her this time. And put the Clan in its grave!\" Knuckles swore, her voice strong and determined once more. There was a long moment of silence before Perfect Tommy slid an arm under and around her shoulders. \"Mind if I tag along?\" Jessie wonder if he knew she was smiling. \"You can barely sit up! How the hell do you figure on dragging you butt out of my truck?\" Tommy chuckled, his chest shaking, bouncing the girl's head. \"Hey! You mind? I'm tryin' to sleep here.\" Knuckles snapped. Buckaroo fully expected to see Perfect Tommy standing in the infirmary, angry and ready to fight. He was prepared for that. he had all the explanations ready. He had thought out all the proper use of force if Tom decided to make a fight of it. He was sure he had the situation in hand even before he opened the door. Then he opened the door. The infirmary was empty. \"Buckaroo!\" New Jersey called to him as he hurried down the hall. His usual unsure expression had turned into full blown nervousness. \"What is it? Where's Tommy?\" Banzai demanded, a sick feeling settling in his gut. Jersey shook his head. \"Rawhide and the boys are still looking for him. But Pinky's missing too.\" \"What?\" \"Our gate keeper is missing and the gate was wide open!\" the doctor said each word carefully so there could be no misunderstanding.. \"The deuce, you say!\" Buckaroo Banzai pushed passed and hurried down the hall. \"Wake the house! Call in the regulars!\" \"Buckaroo, what's going on?\" Jersey called after him. \"We're under siege!\" Reno Nevada rested a hand on his .45 automatic. Slowly, cautiously, he pushed open the kitchen door. Eunice Johnson's head snapped up, her brown curls bouncing around her head. She wore only a night shirt and shorts. Her small hands laid flat on the cutting table. Reno sighed with relief. \"Mrs. Johnson.\" he breathed, letting his hand drop away from his weapon. \"You nearly scared...\" He stopped, his eyes narrowing. The usually hyper girl stood motionless, her eyes big with fear. Behind her the back door was wide open, the icy air blowing on her bare legs. Two large, muddy footprints scarred the usually spotless floor. Reno's hand started for his gun once more, but an unmistakable metallic click at his ear stopped him. \"That would be a very bad idea, Mex.\" growled a black clad man who pointed a gun at the Cavalier's head. Reno slowly raised his hands over his head. Another man stepped around the door and took his gun. Then he waved to the girl. \"Get over here! Into the other room! Move it!\" Mrs. Johnson quickly stepped around the table and grabbed Reno's arm. \"I'm sorry.\" she whispered. \"No problem.\" Reno breathed, a low, deep growl to his voice. \"Other room! Now!\" The man reached out to shove the girl, but, with lightening moves, Reno grabbed his wrist. Two gun barrels leveled with his head. \"No! Don't!\" Mrs. Johnson cried. She stepped between their captors and Reno, pushing him back into the cafeteria. \"We're going. You don't need to kill anyone.\" she assured. The armed men followed them. One pointed to the outside wall, under the windows. \"There! Sit!\" he said. The two captives did as they were told, sitting with their backs to the wall. Reno put a protective arm around the girl's shoulders and, together, they watched as more and more black clad men invaded their sanctuary. Within moments, they spread through out the house and the sounds of skirmishes and right out battles sounded. Eunice Johnson buried her face in Reno's chest as the Cavalier sat, muscles tense, eyes hard, a cold rage burning deep in his gut. He fired twice. Two men dropped. Billy Travers, the young computer hacker extraordinaire, edged into the Bunkhouse. Seeing no one left standing, he quickly closed and locked the door behind him and hurried over to the communication station the two invaders had been picking at. The screen showed a list of go-phone numbers and locations across the U.S. \"Damn.\" he cursed. They were trying to hunt down all the BBs for what ever evil reason. There was a loud crash against the door. Billy glanced up. \"Damn.\" he repeated. Snatching the closest keyboard he began to type away. Another crash, another... the door splintered... a last crash and the door busted open. Three black clad men rushed in. \"Get 'im away from that consol!\" one ordered, sending the other two after the hacker. With a kick, Billy slid a chair across the room to slam into the first of his attackers, sending him sprawling to the ground. Fingers still dancing across the keys, he tried it again, sending a second chair.. But the second invader saw it coming, slamming the furniture aside. With a roar, he ran at the young typing, Billy kicked out at him, letting the charger run himself into his foot. The invader doubled up, and stumbled back, all color draining from his face. But the third had come up from behind Billy as he faced the first two. Strong arms wrapped around him and lift him up off of the ground. \"Get the hell off of me!\" Billy yelled, slamming his head back. The back of his skull slammed into his attackers front teeth, but it did more damage to his head than the man. Spitting blood out over his captive's shoulder, the invader growled \"Settle down, whelp. Ya gotta be alive, not whole!\" To illustrate his point, his grip tightened around the hacker's ribs. Billy's eyes bleared with unwilling tears as he felt his ribs crack. Knowing his fight was ending, he glanced down at the last key he had to press, one little button that would keep these bastards from hunting down the rest of them. One last... Billy Travers slammed back, bracing one foot against the consol, and slamming the other down on the key board, hoping, praying that, in the process of destroying it, he managed to hit that one last key. Big Norse and a pair of young interns were shoved into the cafeteria, all three still in their night clothes. The woman kept herself between the invaders and the two youngsters, glaring at any of them who came too close. A bruise on her cheek and the bruises and cuts her armed escort sported noted that she had given them good cause to keep their gunfire sounded from the front of the house. Big Norse and the interns were shoved to floor as a good 2/3 of the invaders rushed pass, heading for the fight. The ten remaining invaders started toward the doors, but stopped, glancing back at their charges. Their disappointment at being stuck with babysitting duty evident in their eyes and mumbled curses. Big Norse glanced at Reno, her eyes flaring with rage. She was willing, able, and ready for a fight. Reno smiled. \"'bout damn time.\" he mouthed the words. Slowly, as to not attract attention, he slid across the floor toward the nearest of the invaders. The bad guys were anxiously peering through the door way, in the direction of the gunfire. Too distracted by the action they were forgetting to keep a proper eye on their prisoners. Big Norse got her feet under her, ready to spring whenever Reno made his move. Reno suddenly reached out, grabbing the invader's ankle, and... He heard a loud thud. It wasn't until he opened his eyes to find himself staring up at the ceiling, pain pulsating through his head, that Reno realized that the thud was something slamming into the back of his skull. Perfect Tommy leaned into his spinning view. He grinned down at him. \"That was really stupid.\" he pointed out as if they were still best of friends. He shook his head, still grinning. Then he looked up at someone. \"These are dangerous men, you idiots! Tie 'em up!\" Rawhide felt the wall shake as bullets hit it. \"Damn.\" he mumbled as he reloaded his Colt revolver. \"Damn, damn, damn, damn.\" \"Damn, that word is getting a lot of use today.\" Pecos observed from where she knelt on one knee in front of him. She leaned out around the corner and fired at the invaders in the sitting room. \"I'm going to kill that boy.\" Rawhide swore. \"I can't believe P.T. would do this to us.\" Pecos answered, tucking back behind cover as the wall shook again with hits. With an angry growl, Rawhide stepped out and emptied his weapon, demolishing furniture and invaders alike. But, for as many that fell, just as many replaced them. He spun back around the corner. \"Damn.\" Both Pecos and Rawhide jumped as something hit their side of the wall. \"Chris, hell!\" Pecos cursed yanking the boy down beside her. Chris Knight actually grinned. \"You know, I don't think the boss is going to be too happy with your redecorating methods.\" A glare from Rawhide quickly wiped the grin from the boy's face. \"Maybe this will help.\" He held up a silver ball for his elders' inspection. \"We are not exactly playing ball here, kid.\" Pecos pointed out. Chris sighed, another genius lost in the shadow of his youth. \"Cover me... then cover your eyes.\" he jumped out into full view of the enemy. \"Chris!\" Pecos cried. \"Shi...\" Rawhide started. They both leaned out and, once more emptied their weapons, pinning the invaders behind cover. Chris pressed an unseen button and threw the ball, then dived back, slamming into Pecos. \"Don't look!\" Rawhide turned away just before the sitting room was filled with blinding lasers that stretched out to every part of the room. Every little space, shadowy corner, and nook was brightened until the paint on the wall began to fade. \"Five... four... three... two... one... clear!\" Chris rose to his feet as the light vanished. He started around the corner to check on his handy work, but Rawhide grabbed the boy and pushed him back behind cover, \"Stay here!\" he ordered. Then, with a nod to Pecos, the two snapped around the corner, their guns held at the ready. This time it was Pecos who breathed \"Damn, damn, damn.\" Buckaroo Banzai ran through the lower halls of the Institute. He didn't know whether to be relieved or concerned when the gunfire ended. His heart raced, though he tried to remain calm. But, the more he saw, the more fear threatened. Every room, every lab he passed was empty. Most with chairs and tables turned, noting that the room had not been emptied willingly. He purposefully kept from thinking of his wife. He had left her sleeping in their bed upstairs. The invaders were everywhere between him and Peggy. To reach her he would have to fight through dozens of the enemy. And, considering his guns were up in his bedroom somewhere, his chances were slim. Best for both of them would be to take care of the invaders first. Peggy was smart enough to look after herself. Buckaroo just prayed that he could help the others before it was too late for any of them. Rawhide and Pecos stared at the scene before them. None of the invaders who had been in the sitting room when Chris' ball light up were in any position to continue the fight. Most of them were unconscious, a few rolled on the floor in obvious pain, their hands clutching at their eyes. One sat on the floor and blinked at his surroundings with unseeing eyes, crying softly \"Blind, blind, blind...\" \"Damn.\" Pecos whispered, a mixture of awe and horror reflected in her eyes. \"Remind me never to piss off the kid.\" Rawhide simply nodded, equally effected by the sight. \"Umm... guys?\" a shaky voice came from behind. \"Damn it, Chris!\" Rawhide started, turning back to reprimand the boy. \"I told you to stat p...\" he stopped. An arm pinned high up his back, Chris Knight was being held hostage by two more invaders. A sharp, jagged dagger was held so tight against his throat that a trickle of blood ran down his pale skin. With a sigh, Rawhide set his gun down and raised his hands over his head. Peggy Banzai tip-toed down the back stairs. It was a thin spiral thing hidden in the back of the house. As an after thought for a fire escape, it was built in the dark spare space, running from the roof down to the lowest of the basement labs. Behind her were three of the Institutes youngest and newest interns. When Peggy had first awaken by the sound of gunfire, her first concern was for those not yet able to defend themselves. She thanked god that most of the residence were away visiting family for the holidays. Of course that was probably why whoever had decided to attacked did so now. The Institute was at less than half capacity. She paused at ground level and peered through the sliding door at the storage room beyond. With a sigh, she continued down. \"Where are we going?\" one of the youngsters asked. Peggy snapped about, holding a finger to her lips, shushing him. But it was too late. The damage was done. The door slammed open and big hands reached in and grabbed the speaker. The interns screamed, kicking and hitting until they had freed their companion. \"Go! Go!\" Peggy screamed, pushing the children passed her and down the stairs. \"Basement! Now!\" The big, black clad invader squeezed through the door as Peggy put herself between him and the retreating interns. \"Leave us alone!\" she yelled at him. She doubled up her tiny fists and held them out before her, suddenly wishing she had taken her husband's self defense tutorage more seriously. The man grinned. After slipping his gun under his belt, he drew a wicked looking jagged knife. Peggy's eyes grew as they locked on the weapon. Then she said something that rarely ever passed her pretty lips: \"Oh, shit.\" Suddenly another body jumped in, slamming the invader against the wall. New Jersey slammed his fist into the big man's kidneys repeatedly, hoping that a fast attack would make up for the difference in their weight and obvious viciousness. With a roar, the invader lifted his arm and threw the slim doctor back into the storage room where he crashed into a stack of paint cans and fell to the floor. Growling, the invader followed his victim, intending to crush the little man under his heavy foot. \"Sidney!\" Peggy cried, running after. As she passed it, she grabbed a broom that had been leaning against the wall, rose it over her head, and slammed it across the man's back, snapping the wooden pole. The only sign the invader was even aware of her was a grunt. Then he continued on. Stunned, New Jersey rubbed the back of his head where it had hit a fallen can upon landing on the floor. He didn't even notice the invader's approach until one large foot landed in the middle of his chest, pushing him back down to the floor. The invader laughed as he began to grind the Cavalier into the floor. His chest slowly being crushed, Sidney desperately struggled to reach his pistol, but, seeing the danger, the man reached down, took the weapon, and tossed it over his shoulder. With a scream, Peggy leaped at the man, trying to dislodge him from Jersey. But the invader shoved her back, sending her sprawling into the stairwell. New Jersey heard a crack. He didn't need to be a doctor to know what the pain lacing through his chest was. His ribs were cracking. In another breath they'd be snapping... if he could breath. Reaching out blindly, his fingers wrapped around the wire handle of a paint can. With all the strength he had left, he swung it. The heavy can caught the intruder in the back of the knee, buckling the leg. He fell back, slamming into the rack, but managed to keep his feet. With a roar of inhuman rage, he stepped toward the downed Cavalier once more, this time holding his knife high. But three shots rang out and three bullets slammed into his chest, each one knocking him a step back. Stunned, he dropped the knife and rubbed at the holes in his chest. He looked over at Peggy where she stood, feet apart, Jersey's gun held out before her. \"Bitch.\" he snarled, before falling to the floor dead. Peggy Banzai stared at the body for a long moment, then, when her own chest began to burn, began to breath again. She rushed over to New Jersey who was struggling to his feet. Slipping under his arm, she lead him back to the stairs. \"We've got to get out of here.\" They headed down the stairs, but just before the reached the last floor, cries beyond the door stopped them. Jersey pulled away from Peggy, taking the gun from her. He took the last couple steps alone and peered through the door to see the three young interns Peggy had been helping being rounded up by several invaders. Jersey eased back, closing and bolting the door. \"What are you doing?\" Peggy hissed. \"We have to help them!\" Jersey struggled up the steps to her, turned her away, and pushed her back up. \"All we can do is start a gun fight, one that we would lose, and probably kill the kids in the process.\"Peggy glanced back at him, her eyes filling with tears, but she swallowed them back, bowed her head, and kept going. \"Where?\" she whispered. Jersey stopped. He hadn't thought about that. Peggy suddenly gasped. \"The jet car! We gotta get the jet car out of here!\" Jersey sighed. Like he didn't have enough to worry about. But she was right. \"The garage.\" Peggy grabbed him. \"Upstairs. I know how to get back down.\" An invader grabbed Chris' arm and yanked him away from Rawhide and Pecos. \"Hey!\" Pecos began to protest, but a gun muzzle was jabbed in her ribs, encouraging her to continue on to the cafeteria. \"Where are you taking him?\" Rawhide demanded, watching them drag his young friend away. \"Relax. We have no intention of disrupting the daily working of the household.\" answered Perfect Tommy from where he sat on a dinning table, playing with a crystal apple that had been the center piece. He watched as the two were shoved across the room to join the rest of the Hong Kong Cavaliers.. Reno, with a bloody head, Mrs. Johnson, Billy Travers with a black eye, Big Norse, and an unconscious Pinky were all sitting on the floor against the wall. Each had both hands and feet tied, even Pinky. \"You have a funny way of showing it... Tom.\" Rawhide growled, his eyes locking on Perfect Tommy, the source of the burning rage building up deep in his gut. \"What the hell is going on, boy?\" Tommy smiled, tossing the crystal up in the air and catching it. Then he nodded to the invaders. \"Sit them down and tie them up. And don't worry yourselves about being gentle.\" He grinned at Rawhide. \"He wouldn't.\" \"Damn straight!\" Rawhide snarled, but, allowed himself to be tied and shoved down beside Reno. Pecos was shoved down nearly on top of them. \"Why are you doing this?\" Mrs. Johnson cried. \"P.T. we're your friends! Your family!\" Perfect Tommy only grinned. He turned as a pair of invaders hurried in. \"House is clear, sir, but a man was found dead in the storage room at the back of the house.\" reported one. Tommy shook his head. \"Dr Banzai is still on the loose.\" he glanced at his prisoners. \"And Mrs. Peggy Banzai and Dr Zwibel . They are here. Find them!\" He paused. \"but concentrate on Banzai. He is the real danger. His wife is a witless tag-a-long, and Zwibel is nothing but a week geek. More than not, they'll wander in on their own.\" He smiled at the shocked looks he received from his once-upon-a-time friends. \"And get me one of their go-phones. I think I know how to get dear ol' Bucky in all nice and tamed like.\" Buckaroo Banzai slapped a hand over his go-phone when it beeped, silencing it. Leaning out slightly, he peered around the corner to see if it had attracted any unwanted attention. But no one was in the hall. With a sigh of relief, he leaned against the wall. Putting the communicator to his ear, he whispered \"Banzai here.\" \"Buckaroo? You alright? Where are you?\" came an urgent voice. \"Perfect Tommy?\" Hope sparked in Buckaroo's chest. Could he have been wrong about his friend? Could Tommy be just as innocent in this as the rest of them? \"Yea... where are you? You okay?\" \"I'm fine. Where are you?\" \"That's good.\" The voice was suddenly rather odd, amused like. \"Rawhide and the gang were worried.\" Once again, Buckaroo's heart turned cold. \"Where are they, Tom?\" \"Who?\" \"Where are they?\" he growled, anger making an unusual appearance. It hurt bad enough to know that one of his closest friends had betrayed him. But now he was making it game, a joke! \"Safe and sound, I assure you.\" There was a pause. \"Well, a bruise here and there. But well enough... for now.\" \"What do you want?\" \"At the moment... You.\" The voice lost all amusement. \"In the cafeteria if you please.\" \"And if I don't?\" he wondered, though he was already heading for the indicated room. \"Well, lets just say Rawhide here isn't going to be too happy about it.\" The voice pulled away from the communicator to call to someone. \"Him first. Then curls there. And on down the line until either Bucky shows up or we run out of Cavaliers. oh, and here we are...\" Perfect Tommy snapped the Go-phone shut and smiled as Buckaroo stepped into the room. The leader of the Cavaliers was followed by at least a dozen of the invaders who grouped around him as he stopped at the head of the table. Glancing at the prisoners, he found it difficult to remain in control of his temper. His eyes narrowed. \"Why are you doing this, Tom?\" he spoke each word slowly, carefully. Perfect Tommy grinned. He rolled the crystal apple down the table where Buckaroo caught it. \"Allow me to make the introductions...\" On cue two people walked in from the kitchen. \"Our Lord Uilc Duine of the Uilc Dochas Clan.\" he waved a hand at the man wearing a deep red tuxedo. \"And our beautiful Lady Oran de Nathair.\" he indicated the heart stopping red head who wore a long silver gown. Buckaroo barely glanced at them. \"What do you mean `our'?\" Perfect Tommy only grinned. The Lady Oran de Nathair walked about the room, eyeing each of the prisoners with the scrutiny of a well trained eye. She knew how to judge a man or woman by the look in their eyes. And she knew with a glance that these were strong, noble people. A smile blessed her perfect lips. Oh, how she was going to enjoy killing them. Purposefully turning her back to them, she faced Perfect Tommy. \"My beautiful creation.\" she coed. She walked over to him and ran her long fingers down his chest. \"You have pleased me. Is the staff intact?\" Perfect Tommy nodded. \"The nerds are in their labs, hard at work for us. And we have all but two of this bunch accounted for.\" The woman's fingers wrapped tightly around his collar, the only sign she was displeased. \"Two?\" Tommy's grin faltered, but did not fail. \"Mrs. Banzai and Dr Zwibel. Neither a threat.\" he assured. \"Of course they are a threat!\" her tone had an ever so slight edge to it. \"Do not fail me, my perfection, for what I create I can destroy.\" Perfect Tommy's smile vanished. He slid off the table and hurried passed his Lady. Practically slamming up against Buckaroo, he pushed him against the wall. \"Where are they?\" he roared. Buckaroo smiled slightly. \"Who?\" Peggy ducked into her room, glancing about quickly for intruders. The room had been tossed, yet empty. She waved New Jersey in and across the room to the balcony. With an arm around his damaged ribs, Jersey shuffled after her, yet to understand what she had in mind. Again Peggy went first, to make sure it was clear. \"The lattice next to the balcony is strong enough we can climb down.\" she explained a hushed tone. She looked her companion over. \"Can you do it, Sidney?\" she asked, her concern evident in her eyes. Jersey smiled as best as he could, trying to hide the agony he was in. \"You lead, I follow.\" Peggy didn't buy the act, but knew they had no other choice. She leaned close and kissed him on the cheek. If only she could lend him strength, encouragement... She took his hand and lead him out onto the balcony. Chris Knight yanked his arm free from the goons grip, only for it to be caught up in an even more painful grip. His escort, two of the invaders, kept dragging him forward, toward the labs. \"Take it easy, kid, and you'll be fine.\" one of them assured. \"Go screw yourself.\" Chris snapped. \"Hey, Cory, that's a pretty wimpy fish.\" called an invader who sat on the hood of the jet car parked in the garage as they walked passed. Taking his frustration out on the boy, the invader who had a hold on his arm, shoved him forward. Stumbling, Chris fell to the ground. Quickly he rolled over to glare up at his abusers. But something caught his eye, behind them, along side the garage. New Jersey? Peggy? They were easing through the bushes, toward the front of the garage. Chris' heart beat faster. They were almost there. They were going to get away! Get help! Save them! His eyes snapped back to the three invaders rummaging in the garage. If they had to fight their way through them, they would never get out in time. That realization slapped the boy like a wet towel. He grit his teeth, desperately trying to think of a way to help. When one of his escorts reached down toward him it was as if the answer was being hand delivered... literally. Snatching the outstretched hand, he sunk his teeth into it. With a yell of mixed pain and rage, the invader jumped back. Chris scrambled away, climbed to his feet, and yelled at the garage \"Hey, Dorksville, the tiniest fish here can still out-think you out of a wet paper bag!\" He wasn't sure if the insult made sense, but it had the desired effect. Two of the garage guards hurried out to help catch the boy. Chris was already running in the other direction. Peggy paused when she saw Chris run across the yard away from them. She took a step after, but New Jersey yanked her back as two invaders rushed out of the garage and took chase. The Cavalier stiffened. Damn, he should of thought of that. Of course they had the garage guarded! Chris had probably just saved their butts. He stepped around Peggy, holding his pistol at the ready. Waiting until Chris and his pursuers were far off, he stepped into the garage. The remaining invader leaped to one side startled by his sudden appearance. But, before he could draw his weapon, New Jersey had taken aim. The invader froze. Peggy quickly moved forward to disarm the man. \"What do we do with him?\" Jersey whispered. Peggy's only answer came in the form of picking up a wrench and slamming it across the back of the man's head, dropping him to the floor unconscious. The doctor looked down at the body, a little stunned at her violence.. \"That works.\" Peggy hadn't waited for his reaction. She hurried to a work bench and emptied a jar full of nuts and bolts. Digging through them, she found a single key. \"get in.\" she ordered, climbing into the driver's side of the car. When New Jersey had shut the door behind him, she turned and grinned at him. \"I've always wanted to see what this baby could do.\" Dr Sidney Zwibel bit his lip. Buckaroo tasted blood from his own split lip. \"Where are they?\" Perfect Tommy roared again, slamming the back of his hand across his jaw. Buckaroo's head snapped back, his aching neck feeling the whiplash. Bruised, battered, and bloody, Buckaroo eyed his former friend. \"What did they do to you?\" he wondered. \"Where are they?\" Tommy lifted his hand for another strike. \"Hey!\" Rawhide snapped. \"Even an idiot can see he isn't going to give you anything! All you're doin' is rubbin' your knuckles raw!\" In frustrated rage, Perfect Tommy spun about, drawing his gun, and taking aim with every intention of killing the irritating man once and for all. \"Stop!\" Buckaroo yelled. The gun never wavered, but didn't go off either. Rawhide, in defiance, set his jaw and glared, daring him to shoot. Buckaroo glanced from one man to another and back. He had lost one friend this day, he didn't want to lose another. \"I will answer one of your questions if you answer one of mine.\" he offered. That drew Rawhide's startled glance, the other HKCs shuffling about nervously. Perfect Tommy glanced at Lady Oran de Nathair who tilted her head with curiosity. After a breath, she nodded and Tommy said \"Ask your question.\" Buckaroo took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Buy time, time used to think of a way out of this... this is good. \"You aren't Perfect Tommy, are you?\" The traitor grinned. \"I am the perfected Perfect Tommy. Built with a mixture of robotics and DNA, I am a cyborg. There is nothing greater than I.\" His head snapped around to glare at Buckaroo. \"Where are they?\" Buckaroo shrugged. \"I don't know.\" The cyborg's finger began to squeeze the trigger. \"That's an answer! the only answer I have!\" Buckaroo cried. The lady held up her hand, smiling slightly. \"He's right.\" Lord Uilc Duine giggled. \"Pick your questions with care lest you lose this game.\" Sweat trickled down Rawhide's brow Buckaroo counted the point. \"My turn: What happened to Perfect Tommy?\" The fake grinned. He looked back at the man over his shoulder. \"Dead.\" he coed with glee. \"You should be proud. Even after we laid his guts out beside him, he told us nothing. It took hours for him to bleed out.\" The Cavaliers sat, paled with shock, eyes shiny with tears of pain and loss, and then came anger. The cyborg was enjoying their reaction. \"I was really quite surprise at how long a human could survive without guts. He had a strong heart. Kept beating long after I ripped it out of his gut.\" \"Chest.\" Buckaroo corrected, his tone dead, emotionless. \"What?\" \"The heart is in the chest, not the gut.\" The Lord threw back his head and laughed. The cyborg snarled. \"Do you know where they might be?\" \"They might be anywhere. It's been a long time since I've seen either, and this is a big place.\" The cyborg stiffened, glancing at his Lady, She shrugged, and nodded. It snapped \"Ask!\" \"What do you want?\" This time the Lady answered, walking across the room to stand close to the prisoner. \"We want what we deserve: all of Talmhainn, and those which were born to be service to us.\" Her green eyes narrowed. \"My turn: Where would they be?\" Buckaroo watched her for a moment. This was it. he was out of time. He had to give her something or Rawhide was dead. \"Where would they be?\" Lady Oran de Nathair repeated. The cyborg's finger twitched on the trigger, almost hoping Buckaroo wouldn't answer. Rawhide sat as tall as he could, his stubborn defiance his only weapon. What could Buckaroo do? Betray his wife and friend to save Rawhide? or stand there and watch while they put a bullet in his best friend's head? As if sensing their danger, the answer came from an outside source. A flash of silver, a rumbling engine, and a speed so fast the French doors rattled, the jet car raced passed, speeding away toward the front gate. Buckaroo smiled slightly. He pointed in the direction the car had vanished. \"There.\" Lady Oran de Nathair grinned. Then she spun about. \"Stop them!\" she yelled. \"Stop them at once!\" Her henchmen leaped to obey, but it was too late. The jet car and escapees were long gone. Perfect Tommy leaned against the wall. Jessie's dog sat at his feet, unmoving and ever alert. He marveled at the dog's obedience to his mistress. Unwavering and absolute loyalty. That dog would not move until his mistress released him. Tommy couldn't guarantee such loyalty in himself. Of course he would give his life for Buckaroo (if he absolutely had to and it would not be a case of volunteering). He rarely stayed when told to do so. he smiled as the thought, even dared to chuckle, which he immediately regretted as it sent ripples of head splitting pain though his skull. Jessie James smiled slightly as she walked up to him, handing him a deli sandwich. \"Something funny?\" \"Not any more.\" Tommy admitted. Then he glanced about. \"Where's the truck?\" \"Attending its own funeral.\" She pick up her pack and snapped a leash on Oddity's collar. \"Come on.\" She started down the street of the little town. Reluctantly, Perfect Tommy pushed away from the wall and followed her. \"So, what now?\" he wanted to know. \"I have to get back to the Institute! And fast!\" \"Don't fuss about it. I want that witch even more than you want to help your friends. You can bet on that.\" she promised. \"Then what are we going to do?\" he demanded. Knuckles glanced up as a helicopter flew over head. It hovered over a park a block away, then lowered itself down in a baseball field behind the park. \"We are going to get us a ride.\" she answered. Oddity whimpered as they got closer to the helicopter. Gage, the head bouncer of the Jessie James Club, smiled as he stepped around the nose of his bird. \"Ah, now, Oddity, I know you don't like heights, but you can trust me. I won't let you fall.\" The dog yipped at him, but seemed happier for the reassurance. Gage took the leash from his boss-lady and lifted the dog up into the back seat where he harnessed him in. Then he turned and eyed Knuckles companion. \"He isn't going to bleed all over my bird, is he?\" Jessie chuckled. She tossed him her rifle. \"If he does, you have my permission to dump him.\" she answered. Perfect Tommy held up a hand. \"Do I get a say in this?\" \"Only if you wanna walk.\" was Gage's growled answer as he slid the rifle under the seat. He looked the young Cavalier up and down, resisting the urge to point out that that would be a long walk for the walking dead. The boy was pale, worn, battered, and swaying as if he would drop at any moment. What the kid needed was bed time and a good hot meal and a snappy drink. \"What Knuckles says, goes.\" he added. Despite his rough words, he grabbed Tommy's elbow in an almost gentle grip to help him up. Then closed and secured the door. Jessie had already climbed into the front and, when Gage climbed in, she leaned close and said \"We have a fight on our hands, friend. and our only ally is in desperate need of a hospital.\" Gage smiled. \"Like that ever stopped you before.\" he pointed out. Knuckles smiled, glancing back at her charge. Relieved to be sitting again, Perfect Tommy had already fallen into a fitful sleep. Oddity had curled up beside him, resting his head on the Cavalier's knee. It was true, she would risk nearly any and everything to put a bad guy where he or she belonged... but, rather suddenly, there was some things she wasn't willing to risk. If only she had a choice. \"My Home\" Peggy Banzai wrapped her arms around herself as she sat on the hood of the jet car. But, no matter how tight her grip, she just couldn't stop shivering. It seemed that, after the attack, the escape, the hunt they had been avoiding since, fear was finally catching up with her. Maybe it was because she had time to think to think about it, think about her friends, her husband... all left behind in the hands of those evil bastards who had invaded the sanctuary of their home. She had no idea if any of them were alive, or if they were hurt, in need of her help and care. Maybe it was because she was alone and didn't have to be brave for anyone anymore. Maybe, being alone, she felt exposed. Buckaroo had always been near-by, close enough to protect, ever since she had been returned to him. he never, even wanted to lose her again. But, now, she had lost him and no one was there to protect her. And maybe it was that she could do nothing about it... about any of it! 'Course, she could be shivering just because it was a November evening in New York and she was still wearing her bed clothes. \"Peggy?\" New Jersey called as he walked back from the pay phone. \"You alright?\" She smiled slightly, remembering that she wasn't completely alone. \"Worrying about me? How's the ribs?\" Sidney leaned against the car. \"Don't even hurt... as long as I don't breath.\" he assured. \"Well, don't go turning blue on me, now.\" she encouraged. She glanced at the phone. \"Any luck?\" Jersey sighed. \"No one knows the go-phones are down until they try and use them. And few stay by a conventional phone.\" he rubbed the back of his head. \"Jack Burton. Caught him at one of his favorite truck stops, but in Colorado. It'll take him a couple of days to get here. He's making a few stops on the way, rounding up some help.\" \"Is that all?\" Peggy was shocked. There were so many of them. Why could they reach only so few? \"What about the garages?\"\"No answer. I'm worried they might have been hit too.\" He shook his head. \"No, we need to stay away from them until we get some help.\" \"Sidney, whatever they want, they aren't going to want to keep the HKC alive.\" Peggy pointed out. \"If we don't do something fast, they're going to die! We don't have time to wait!\" The doctor's eyes dropped. \"And if we try something on our own we'll end up right beside them with no one on the outside to come to our rescue.\" He looked up at her. \"We'll get them back, Peggy.\" he swore The woman swallowed, then nodded slightly. \"But where do we go now?\" Again Jersey rubbed the back of his head. Sheepishly, he shrugged. \"I might be able to help.\" New Jersey jumped away from the car, pulling Peggy behind him with one hand, while the other dropped to his gun. The young woman smile in greeting, holding her hands away from her body so as not to seem threatening. \"It's alright. I'm a friend.\" she assured. She glanced about nervously. \"This isn't a great place to be. You're too easily found.\" \"And who are you? And why should we trust you?\" Peggy demanded, from behind the doctor. \"I'm Sandra Bull. I'm a waitress at the Jessie James' Club.\" Jersey didn't relax. \"That covers the who.\" Sandra glanced about again. \"Knuckles, my boss-lady, she's a bounty hunter. She's huntin' the bounty on that gang that took your little adobe.\" \"How did you know about that?\" \"They flew over the place earlier, I think. And we've seen the Clan's henchmen all over the city... probably looking for you two.\" She waved a hand at Peggy. \"Unless P.J.'s are a new fashion statement.\" Peggy smiled, thinking she must look pretty silly wandering around the city in bunny slippers and pink, bunny patterned flannel shirt and shorts. \"Look... I found you just driving by and not even looking.\" Sandra pressed. \"No one will find you at the Club. You'll be safe there. Knuckles can help.\" Jersey glanced back at Peggy Banzai. With a sigh, she nodded. Gage held up his hands, quieting the crowd that had gathered at the front doors of the Jessie James' Club. \"Listen up, folks! The Jessie James' Club will not be opening tonight.\" he announced. There was a collective groan. Clapping his hands, brought their attention back to him. \"Everyone in line will get a free pass to the Thanking-the-Fans Night November 29th.\" That announcement received cheers and the crowd pressed forward to get their tickets. Gage shook his head, trying to remember when he was that young. He patted another bouncer on the shoulder. \"Clear the area, then make sure the crew gets home safe and sound.\" \"The boss-lady need a hand? You know the boys and I are more than willing to throw in with her.\" he offered. Gage shook his head. \"Not this time. Just make sure she doesn't have to worry about her crew and you'll be helping to no end.\" The bouncer frowned, but excepted the assignment with a simple \"Knuckles knows best.\" \"We do hope that she does.\" Gage mumbled to himself as he stepped back into the club. Jessie James was standing at the bar, loading cylinders for her 1863 Starr Revolver. In front of her was a pile of large .44 caliber rimfire cartridges. Laid out on the bar was the revolver, a 1866 Winchester rifle, a pair of pistol crossbows and their quivers full of bolts, and a few other goodies anyone going off to war would want handy. Perfect Tommy sat beside her, fingering the leather jacket Jessie had given him when they had reached the club. He couldn't get out of his mind what they had seen as they flew over the Institute. There had been armed men everywhere, and not a signal one belonged there. It would have been one thing if he had seen some fighting, some sort of protest, anything other than the Clan and their black clad henchmen. But there was nothing. It had almost been calm, peaceful even. The siege was over and the occupation had begun. Whatever had happened down there, Buckaroo Banzai and the Hong Kong Cavaliers had lost. \"It was a stupid plan.\" Tommy mumbled. \"It was.\" Knuckles agreed, not bothering to look at him. Perfect Tommy glanced at her. \"Isn't the proper response supposed to be more supportive?\" \"You are confusing me with the warm, cuddly family type of person.\" she answered. \"I am a bounty hunter. I get paid to be heartless.\" \"Then why did you save me?\" Tommy countered. Knuckles head snapped up to glare at him. But it was Gage who responded with \"Knuckles knows best.\" He moved behind the bar and poured them a round of hot coffee. \"Look, kid, sometimes you just shouldn't question the good things that happen. Just be thankful and get on with it.\" Tommy frowned, always feeling he was missing something with these two. Before he could come up with a response though, the stage door opened and a waitress walked in. \"Looky what I found.\" \"Hey, Knuckles, looky what followed me home. Can we keep them?\" Sandra called as she held the door open for her two guests. Perfect Tommy jumped to his feet, his aching head forgotten. \"New Jersey! Peggy!\" he cried. He hurried across the dance floor toward them. New Jersey stopped so suddenly that Peggy ran into him. Then, without a word, he stepped out to meet him half way. Tommy held out a hand to his friend. \"Man, am I glad to see...\" Jersey's fist slammed into Tommy's jaw. Shocked and hurt, Tommy stumbled back. \"Sidney!\" Peggy cried, chasing after the doctor. \"Why, damn it?\" Jersey roared. \"Why did you betray us? Betrayed Buckaroo?\" \"What the hell are you talking about?\" Tommy mumbled, rubbing his jaw. Peggy stepped between the two men and leaned her back against New Jersey, holding him back. She glared up at Perfect Tommy. \"You let them in!\" she accused. Her eyes were filled with hurt, anguished that someone so dear to them could do this to them. \"How could you? To Buckaroo? He loved you like a brother! He'd do anything for you!\" Tommy shook his head. \"It wasn't me.\" he whispered, feeling ashamed none-the-less. \"Like hell!\" the usually timid Sidney snarled. \"He's telling the truth.\" Jessie spoke up from where she was leaning against the bar, watching the whole episode. \"He's been with me for the last two days.\" Jersey glanced at her, unimpressed. \"Really? I've sure seen a hell of a lot of him of late, for him not to have been there.\" he challenged. Jessie stiffened. Though she was not overly concerned with what happened between them as long as it didn't get in her way, she did not like to be doubted. Pushing away from the bar, she started toward them. \"What you were seeing was a Dupe, short for duplicate. A cyborg, part android, part biological replica created from Tom's DNA.\" She stopped beside Perfect Tommy, reached up, grabbed his chin, and turned his head to show them the gash in his head. \"Difference: Dupes have steel under the skin.\" Peggy gasped. She stepped forward and took Tommy's face in her hands, pulling his head down so she could get a better look at the wound. \"What happened?\" Tommy was too busy wincing to answer, so Knuckles said \"He was shot while making his escape.\" Anger dissolved as Jersey's natural doctoring instinct came into play. He took the younger Cavalier by the chin so that he could inspect the wound himself. After a moment he looked at Peggy. \"That's a couple of days old.\" He turned back to Tommy. \"You didn't have that yesterday.\" \"It wasn't me.\" Perfect Tommy insisted, pulling his head back. He was pleading with them. \"You have to believe me! I would never do anything to hurt any of you!\" Jersey rubbed the back of his head, glancing down at the ground. \"That's a pretty hard thing to believe.\" Peggy turned to face him. \"As hard as believing that our Perfect Tommy would betray us?\" The doctor glanced at her, then at Tommy. After a moment, he sighed. \"No where near as hard.\" He shook his head. \"Sorry I hit you.\" \"Sure.\" Knuckles huffed, turning back to her bar. \"If he didn't have a concussion before...\" With a shake of her head she glanced back at Peggy Banzai. \"Sandra, take the pink bunnies upstairs and introducer her to my closet. Those things are starting to give me the willies.\" Sandra grinned. Like an eager child, she took Peggy's hand and began to drag her to the circler stairs at the center of the island bar. Peggy hesitated, glancing back at New Jersey. Despite knowing that this was the real Perfect Tommy, she couldn't help but wonder if this was just another trap. Perfect Tommy understood. And he turned away. New Jersey nodded assurances to Peggy. \"I'll be right here.\" Again, Perfect Tommy caught the \"I'll\" rather than the \"We'll.\" \"Me, too.\" he quickly added. \"Right here.\" \"No.\" New Jersey corrected. \"You will be sitting over there where I can get a good look at your fool head.\" Peggy smiled slightly and allowed the girl to practically drag her up the stairs. It took the doctor nearly fifteen minutes to declare Tommy alive and, though not well, close enough. \"He has a slight concussion. We'll just have to keep an eye on him until we can get his head scanned, make sure nothing is cracked... any more than usual.\" Perfect Tommy frowned, but before he could respond, Gage tossed him a bullet proof vest. \"Try that on for size.\" the bouncer ordered, digging another out of a trunk and tossing it to New Jersey. \"Knuckles?\" he held a small one out to his boss. But Jessie shook her head. \"Give it to Bunnies. It's the only one that'll fit her.\" \"Knuckles...\" \"Gage, when was the last time I got shot?\" Gage frowned. \"The last time you said `Gage, when was the last time I got shot.\" but he didn't push the argument. He had lost. He knew that even before she had shook her head. Instead he waved the two men over to the trunk. \"Pick a weapon, boy. Doctor are you armed?\" Jersey nodded. \"But I need ammo.\" \"Not to worry. I'll fix you up.\" Gage promised. \"Alrighty.\" Jessie looked up as Sandra and Peggy returned. \"Sandra, you're a love. Go home. Be safe.\" Sandra smiled and, with a wave, headed for the door. Knuckles turned her attention to Peggy. The young woman had picked camouflage carpi and turtleneck and white tennis shoes. Knuckles sighed. \"You're not a solider are you?\" \"No!\" both Tommy and Jersey answered as one. Peggy shot them a glare. \"I can fight.\" she answered, returning her attention to the bounty hunter. Knuckles chuckled. She handed her bullet proof vest to her. \"Men.\" she offered. \"Over protective, thus blind as bats.\" She leaned close. \"Little do they realize that the greatest of predators are all female.\" Peggy smiled almost shyly. \"Don't worry.\" Knuckles continued. \"You will be in the safest place there is and still primary to the plan.\" \"Plan?\" Again both men's voices blended. It was almost musical. Peggy did her best to ignore them. \"Where's that?\" she wanted to know. \"With the bad guys.\" \"WHAT?\" Perfect Tommy and New Jersey cried together. Peggy sighed. \"You know, they really are quite cute when they do that.\" Jessie grinned. It was almost funny how this was becoming more about they people she was inadvertently rescuing rather than the people she was hunting. It was a nice feeling. It was also a scary feeling. Buckaroo Banzai watched his Cavaliers as they napped against the wall. Occasionally one would wake and look his way as if, in the short time they had slept, he had come up with some fantastic plan to save them all. When he had nothing to say, they sighed and leaned back, trying to fall to sleep once more. They were scared, but still trusted that he would get them out of this. And that hurt more than any of the blows from the cyborg ever did, because, no matter how he racked his brain, Buckaroo couldn't think of how to get them all out was sure there were nearly a hundred of the heavily armed invaders on the grounds and only about fifty of interns and residents. There were three, at last count, armored personnel carriers position strategically so as to keep each group of prisoners under the watch of their big, triple barrel machine gun (one sat right out side the window opposite of them, the guns aimed at the sleeping Cavaliers). They kept all the interns separate as much as possible (many shared labs and/or projects), promising that, if one gets rowdy, another would die. At least they allowed them to return to their rooms for the night. 'Course that just made them easier to managed, each locked away in his own little cell. \"Curious.\" Buckaroo glanced at the Lady who sat at the other end of the table, watching him. He smiled slightly, turning back to his people. \"I've always found it curious how they take everything in stride.\" \"That is not curios. That is loyalty. A dog is loyal.\" Lady Oran de Nathair answered. She leaned back in her seat. \"You are curious.\" Though not eager to have a conversation with her, he hoped she might offer him an opportunity for escape. \"How so?\" he asked. \"You are extraordinary brilliant. If not for the poisoning of your blood, you could have been with us.\" she observed. Buckaroo frowned. \"Poisoning?\" \"Your mother was Scottish, a Celtic heir, loyals of the Druids, my own ancestors.\" The Lady shrugged. \"Her poor judgment for a mate cursed you with mongrel blood.\" Buckaroo sighed. \"I thought you were too smart for petty prejudices.\" \"I am.\" was her only answer, before changing the subject. \"How did you know that he was not your Perfect Tommy?\" she wondered. The doctor smiled. \"You were pretty good, copying his arrogance, his cockiness, vain, callus... everything he showed you. Everything you expected him to be.\" he paused to see her reaction, but she remained emotionless, so he continued. \"What you missed was his kindness, his compassion, his concern for others.\" \"His loyalty.\" Rawhide snarled from his spot on the floor. \"Yes, his loyalty.\" Buckaroo agreed, glancing at his friend, glad to see him awake and throwing in his support. \"Our Perfect Tommy would never betray me or anyone else here.\" He leaned back in his seat. \"Perfect Tommy is an enigma, his very own mirror image. You only saw one side.\" Lady Oran de Nathair sighed. \"I assumed that he was as he appeared even after I knew he was not. I should not have killed him so quickly.\" Buckaroo's eyes narrowed. \"You should not have killed him at all.\" The Lady simply smiled and took a sip of her wine. The replica of Perfect Tommy stepped in from the hall. He grinned at Buckaroo as he said to his Lady \"Mrs. Banzai has returned and is demanding to see her husband.\" Buckaroo stiffened, casting a nervous look at Rawhide who also reacted with worried surprise. \"Well, well.\" Oran purred as she rose to her feet. With great elegance she glided across the room to the door, pausing only long enough to lean close to Buckaroo and whisper \"To be reunited with your love one more time, to die in one another's arms... truly romantic.\" Buckaroo started to rise, but bounds held him to the chair. The Lady laughed and continued on her way. A wet nose filled her hand. It took every shred of self control Peggy had not to jump. Taking a deep breath, she pushed the dog back into the car. Not yet! Wait! \"Mrs. Banzai.\" called Lady Oran de Nathair as she waited for her on the front steps. \"Please, welcome. Your husband is very eager to see you.\" she invited. Peggy felt her blood go cold. Why did the most evil always seemed the most polite? Who gave a damn? Every step filled with grace, her back as straight as possible, her head held high, she showed Lady Oran de Nathair that here, in the Banzai Institute, in her husband's home, it was Peggy Banzai who was lady of the manor! She glided up the steps and stopped mere inches from Oran. Voice as steady as steel, and just as cold, she said \"This is my home. It is to me to welcome guests.\" The Lady smiled, bowing her head slightly. \"So it is.\" She stepped aside to allow Peggy entrance. Peggy Banzai stepped through the doorway, then turned to face the woman. She could see that Oran was waiting to be welcomed in. She let her wait... and wait... and wait... ah, hell, what made the Lady think she would ever be welcomed in this house! Peggy glanced around to make sure that they were the center of attention, then spun about and walked in. Oran's jaw stiffened. She didn't dare glance around. That would only tell her henchmen that that little spit of a girl's snub had got to her. And that was not going to happen! Of course, she was going to have to follow her in. For no other reason than to assure them that she was in charge, she snapped \"Car! Garage! Now!\" \"Buckaroo!\" Peggy cried, dropping to her knees in front of his chair. She gazed up at him, her eyes filled with agony. \"Your face...\" she started in a whisper. Buckaroo smiled reassuringly, but he couldn't hide his fear for her in his eyes. \"I'm alright.\" he assured. \"Why did you come back? Should have stayed away. Warned the Blue Blazes.\" Peggy reached up and ran gentle fingers down his bruised jaw. \"I could never leave you!\" \"I see Dr Zwibel could.\" Lady Oran de Nathair observed as she walked into the cafeteria. Peggy slowly rose to her feet, watching the woman from the corner of her eye. \"This is our home. You are not wanted here. If you want to go on living you will leave!\"Her tone drew all eyes. The Cavaliers stared, never before hearing their sweet, gentle lady take such a do-or-die tone. The invaders stared, shock that anyone would dare to speak to their lady so. Lady Oran stared for a long, deadly moment. Pride didn't allow her to lose control, but the little spit was pushing it. But, instead she laughed. \"My dear, my dear, your home has been repossessed and we...\" she spread her hands indicating the invaders, \"are the repo unit.\" A cold smile graced her features. \"As for leaving this house alive... I have a question for you before we continue that subject.\" Peggy returned the smile, just as cold, just as deadly. \"You can take your questions and shove them up your...\" \"Here it comes.\" Knuckles hissed. Gage and New Jersey leaned over her shoulder so that they too could see the laptop. Red and blue dots were already popping up on the map. \"That's the jet car.\" she explained, typing on the keyboard, labeling the indicated dot. \"They're moving it to the garage.\" Jersey pointed out. \"The residence hall is there, just a step across from the garage.\" \"Two red dots there. The door?\" Gage mumbled. \"Guards. No signal from inside. Brick walls?\" Jessie glanced up at Jersey. But it was Perfect Tommy who answered from where he leaned up against the helicopter. \"Re-enforced for extra security. That thing can take a nuclear blast and still look pretty.\" He chuckled at his own thoughts. \"With the sort of things those kids cuddle up to it was a necessary precaution.\" Both Gage and Knuckles glanced back at him then looked up at Jersey for an explanation. The doctor shrugged. \"Geniuses have a nasty habit of blowing things up. We've had more than one desk land on the floor above.\" Gage grinned. \"Sound like your sort of neighborhood, Knuckles. Rough and tough and lots of boom.\" Knuckles chose to ignore him. She'd pay him back later. Instead, she tapped the computer screen. \"The witch would still be playing with your buddies. She won't let the kids back to their labs until the command staff is dead. Too much chance they'll try to protest.\" She grabbed Gage's wrist and turned it so as to see his watch. \"6:42... little later than I like, but the bad guys will still be digging for their breakfast. Gage, take the bird up and keep them busy here.\" she pointed to a spot one the map where several green dots were gathered in an open area. \"The stables?\" Jersey mumbled. \"Horses, right?\" Knuckles waited for confirmation, then told Gage \"Stampede the horses. They'll add to the confusion.\" Gage nodded, heading for his helicopter. \"Better move, pretty boy, least you lose what's left of your head.\" Perfect Tommy frowned, but did as recommended. His poor head had already been whacked twice. he wasn't too interested in a third wallop. As the propellers began to turn over their heads, Knuckles reached up and dragged Tommy down beside her. \"We'll go in here.\" \"Over the wall?\" Perfect Tommy scratched his head. \"I hate to be the one to point it out, but we've made some security improvements since the last time someone jumped the wall.\" Jessie grinned. \"He of little faith...\" The Perfect Tommy replica stepped up behind Peggy Banzai and wrapped his arms around her. \"Hey!\" Peggy snapped, kicking and punching him. \"Get the hell off of me!\" The cyborg buried its face in her hair. \"Mmm... I just love your smell.\" it purred. Buckaroo jerked against his bonds, but it was no use. He helplessly watched his wife struggle. The Cavaliers started their own protest, but the guards moved in, warning them against even breathing. \"Aw, come on, my little beauty... have you never even considered this perfect being, this Perfect Tommy?\" it breathed in her ear. Peggy glanced back at the thing. \"Even if I thought of Tommy as anything more than a brother, you are nothing like him!\" she growled. \"You're right. I'm perfect. He's dead.\" Lady Oran de Nathair circled the two. \"Where is Dr Sidney Zwibel, Mrs. Banzai?\" she asked sweetly. \"Go to hell!\" the girl snapped back. She cried out as the cyborg tightened his grip around her. \"Let her go!\" Buckaroo yelled. \"Excellent idea.\" Oran observed. She stopped to look at her creation. \"She can take pain.\" The cyborg shoved Peggy aside, sending her smashing to the floor at Rawhide's feet. \"I rather play with Bucky anyway.\" It turned and began to approach the immobilized man. Suddenly the windows shook as a helicopter flew low over head. \"What the hell...\" the cyborg cursed. For the first time, Oran looked startled. She hurried to the windows and watched the helicopter as it flew back and forth, gaining the attention of everyone in the area. \"My creation, stop your playing. Kill them and be done with it!\" she ordered, before hurrying out of the cafeteria. Perfect Tommy hit the ground hard. Stumbling forward until the back of his glider dug into the ground, anchoring him to a stop. \"Damn.\" he hissed, trying to reach the buckles on his shoulders. Jessie chuckled as she ducked under the wing of the glider and helped him with the buckles. \"You handled it like a pro.\" she complimented. \"A blind pro... but a pro none-the-less.\" \"Speaking of blind...\" Tommy mumbled, finally dropping to the ground, free. \"Where's New Jersey?\" Knuckles finished the question for him. As if in answer, the doctor's glider landed smoothly a few yards away. Showing absolutely no sign that this had been his first time in a glider, he slipped out of the harness. He favored his side a little, noting his cracked rib, but, otherwise, he looked fine. He grinned at them. \"That was interesting.\" \"Yea... well...\" Tommy grumbled, ruffled that Sidney's landing was noticeably better than his own. he jabbed a finger at his head. \"I have a concussion! Right?\" He looked to Knuckles for confirmation, but she wasn't paying any was unbuckling a pair of tightly wrapped sacks from under the wing of her glider. \"What are you doing?\" Jersey asked. \"Getting a little recon.\" the girl answered. \"Get your weapons, boys.\" Both Tommy and Jersey returned to their gliders and pulled free the weapons loaned to them by Knuckles. Perfect Tommy had a sawed off shot gun, a Starr Army revolver, and a reloading pistol crossbow. New Jersey kept his Colt .380 automatic pocket pistol, but also carried a WWII Thompson submachine gun. \"What the hell is that?\" Tommy demanded, startled by a small bird that snapped his sharp beak at the HKC when they returned. \"Easy, Sacrates.\" Knuckles coos to the bird, To Tommy she said \"This is a Sparrow Hawk, aka American Kestler, falcon sparverius...\" \"I get it. It's a bird.\"Socrates stretched his blue-gray wings, then screeched one more warning at Perfect Tommy. Tommy leaned back, away from the bird, the sharp beak, and his nasty looking talons. But another one screeched at him from atop the glider, sending the Cavalier jumping in the other direction. She shook out her brown wings and wide tail, then blinked curiously at the man. Knuckles smiled. \"Euthy likes you. Guess you have a way with the ladies.\" Jersey had to ask: \"They are the only ones, right?\" Jessie glanced skyward. After exchanging nervous glances, the two men looked up. Circling them from maybe fifteen feet in the air was a great bird. She had a white head and a mostly white under belly, a dark stripe through each eye, and the top of her wings were brown. \"Draco.\" Knuckles introduced. \"She's an Osprey, aka Fish Hawk, pandion haliaetus, 22\" length, and a wingspan of over 66\". My baby.\" she said proudly, watching the bird circle. Perfect Tommy looked at her in disbelief. \"Have you ever heard of a cat?\" The girl shrugged. \"Draco ate him.\" she said offhandedly, before turning and jogging off into the trees. Jersey and Tommy ducked as Socrates and Euthy buzzed their heads as they flew after her. \"Ate... him?\" New Jersey cast another weary glance up at the bird who seemed, at least to him, to be licking her chops and eyeing him in a rather uncomfortable way. The personnel carrier's guns twisted one way then the other as its handlers watched nervously for whatever might be coming their way. Its companions had already moved down the lane, chasing the helicopter along with most of the men. That left one carrier guarding the main house, a good twenty invaders on foot in the house, most of them in the cafeteria, and another fifteen or so guarding the interns at the residences hall. They had gone to great lengths to make their prisoners think that there were more invaders than there really were. Their Lord and Lady knew that, in a toe to toe battle, they would have a hard time winning. Best to convince the enemy that they didn't have a chance. The three men manning the guns on top of the carrier didn't feel very convincing. A bird landed on the barrel of the gun and screeched at the invader at the butt of the weapon. Startled, the man leaned back. \"What is this?\" One of his companions chuckled. \"A wee little chick frightens ya?\" He swatted at the bird. Socrates leaped into the air, and charged the man, his talons tarring at his face. The invader rose up sharply, opening his mouth to scream, but an arrow thrust through his throat silencing him forever. The other two invaders stood in shock, staring down at their dead companion. Before they came to their senses, both fell in like manners. Knuckles and Perfect Tommy lowered their crossbows. Glancing in either direction, being sure that their attack, thus far, had gone unnoticed, they ran across the yard and ducked down behind the personnel carrier. Tommy looked at Knuckles for further instruction. The girl grinned at him and mouthed \"Now, this is fun!\" Perfect Tommy groaned. He just knew this was going to get him whacked in the head again. Jessie James put a whistle to her lips and blew a silent song. The high pitched notes were too high for human ears but the pair of hawks heard it at once and responded by leaping into the air and flying off to hunt more invaders. Then Knuckles waved for Perfect Tommy to follow her. There were two invaders guarding the front door. Both fell silently to the small arrows of the pistol crossbows. And then they were inside. \"And what do you think you're doing?\" the cyborg laughed, grabbing Peggy by the back of the neck and lifting her into the air. She had almost freed Rawhide before the thing had noticed. Rawhide shook his hands and pulled, the bonds almost loose enough to escape. The Perfect Tommy replica snarled down at the Cavalier. \"Don't go anywhere. I'll be with you in a minute.\" Then it carried Peggy to the center of a slight clearing among the tables. But a low growl sounded from behind a table. Glancing down, the cyborg saw a crouched dog, his ears laid back and teeth bared. The replica frowned. \"Oddity!\" Peggy screamed. With a snarl, the dog lunged, sinking his teeth into the arm that held Peggy a yell of start and rage, the cyborg dropped Peggy and tried to shake the dog loose. \"Peggy!\" Buckaroo called. \"Cut us loose!\" Oddity reached up with his front paws to get better leverage, twisting his head and digging his teeth in for ultimate damage. The invaders quickly moved forward to help their cyborg commander, but it yelled at them \"Kill the girl! Kill them all!\" Rawhide's hands broke free. Leaving his feet bond, he pushed away from the wall and grabbed the ankles of an invader as he headed for Peggy. Peggy cried out as the invader's hands fell only a breath from her. Kicking at him, she hurried pass to where her husband was tied to a chair. With a yipe, Oddity was smashed down onto a table. Stunned, the dog laid helpless, wining. The cyborg was about to finish him off when gunfire erupted just outside the door leading to the hall. \"Do you people mind?\" it roared. \"I'm trying to do some killing here!\" It spun about to face the door. \"Oddity! Help!\" Peggy called, kicking at another invader as she pulled on Buckaroo's bonds. Shaking himself back, the dog whimpered, then rolled off the table. He raced across the room, tripping one invader who made a grab for him, then leaping onto the back of the man who was trying to pull Peggy away from her husband. Rawhide held onto his invader's ankles, dragging him back to where he could reach him. Another invader came up behind him and raised his foot to kick at the Cavalier. Reno and Pecos, both still with hands and feet tied, began to kick at him, knocking him away from Rawhide. \"What the hell is your problem?\" the Perfect Tommy replica continued to roar. \"You're going to die one way or another!\" It started back for the prisoners, but the double doors leading from the hall burst open, admitting two more irritations. Perfect Tommy hesitated upon seeing himself, but Knuckles smacked him with her free hand before drawing her Starr Army revolver. With gun in one hand, reloading pistol crossbow in the other, Jessie James, like her names sake, came into the room with guns blazing. Tommy, smacked into action, followed suit. The invaders charged toward them, but were met with a shower of bullets and arrows. More than half of them fell before they figured out that charging these two might be a bad idea. When Buckaroo's hands were free, he snapped a fist out, knocking a charging invader out cold. \"Free the others!\" he told his wife and bent over to untie his feet. Peggy jumped over the fallen invaders and hurried to free her friends. As calm as if nothing was going on around her, Knuckles snapped her emptied crossbow on her belt. She continued forward into the room, pulling a new cylinder from her belt to replace the empty one in her revolver. The cyborg took that moment to lunge at the girl, but Perfect Tommy stepped between them and emptied his weapon into its chest. The cyborg stopped. It looked down at its chest and rubbed at the holes. Then it grinned up again. \"Gee, that hurt my feelings.\" it coed. \"After all, I am you.\" \"Like hell!\" Tommy growled, dropping the empty gun and raising the shot gun. The cyborg stepped forward, catching Tommy before he could bring the weapon up. \"Stay out of its reach!\" Knuckles yelled, but it was too late. The steel grip wrapped around Perfect Tommy's throat and lifted him up off of the ground. \"Aren't you supposed to be dead?\" the cyborg wondered. It grabbed the shotgun and twisted it out of the Cavaliers quickly numbing fingers. Knuckles twisted around the cyborg and shoved her revolver into its back, but an invader grabbed her from behind and dragged her back. \"Crap!\" she snapped, before kicking back, smashing her heal against his knee. The man fell back, but didn't lose his hold, and carried her back on top of him. Knuckles gun skidded across the floor and out of reach. \"Crap!' she repeated. She slammed her elbow back, heard the man exhale sharply in her ear, but he still didn't release her. The invader yelled for help from his comrades, wrapping his legs around her.. Who came was Rawhide. The big cowboy grabbed the invaders arms and pried them apart. \"Fight it, girl!\" he encouraged. \"No shit? You think?\" Knuckles snapped. She rolled free until only a foot was left trapped. \"Back!\" she warned Rawhide, who leaned away just in time to miss her free foot as it kicked up and slammed down on the invader's head. He fought no more. Rawhide spun about as Jessie rolled to her feet. Another invader was charging him. Rawhide extended his fist, letting the man run right into it. He quickly glanced around, taking stock of their condition. Reno, Pecos, and Big Norse were freed now, and were rolling around on the floor with four of the invaders. Peggy and Mrs. Johnson were dragging the still unconscious Pinky out of harms way And Buckaroo Banzai was boxing it out with three more invaders, one of which was also fighting off Oddity. Rawhide hurried to help Buckaroo. Knuckles attacked the cyborg from behind, slamming into it with her shoulder. It stumbled forward, then spun about, swinging the back of its steel hand at the girl's head. Knuckles brought her arm up, blocking the blow. She ducked under the arm, then slammed up into the robotic arm holding Tommy with a thick short sword she had pulled out from somewhere. Already damaged by the dog attacked, the arm jerked open, dropping Perfect Tommy to the ground, gasping for breath. The girl dropped to the floor beside her fallen friend and kicked up at the thing's chest, hoping to force it away from them. But the cyborg grabbed her ankle just before she hit. Swinging her around, it sent her skidding across the floor to slam into chairs and tables. It shoved a finger in her direction. \"One kill at a time. Be patient, I'll get to you.\" Then it turned back to Perfect Tommy. Struggling to force air into his lungs, Tommy dragged himself to his fallen gun that laid just at the edge of his fuzzy vision. \"Where the hell do you think you're going?\" the cyborg roared, slamming its heavy foot down on the back of Tommy's knee. Perfect Tommy cried out as his knee snapped. Pain drew darkness down around his already shattered consciousness. He dropped his forehead to the cool floor, fighting to stay aware. Gritting his teeth, he clenched his hands in tight fists. The big steel hand grabbed him again and dragged him up onto his knees, facing away from him. Perfect Tommy slammed back with his fists, but there was little strength left to him. The cyborg laughed at him and shook him violently. Placing its hands on either side of his head. \"Say night-nite.\" it advised, slowly turned his head with the intent of, right out, twisting his head off. \"Go to hell!\" Perfect Tommy managed to growl. \"Stop!\" Buckaroo yelled. The cyborg glanced over its shoulder. \"Make me.\" it teased. \"I intend to.\" was Buckaroo's answer. With all his might, Buckaroo Banzai slammed Knuckles' sword deep into the cyborg's back. Sparks flew, catching the cyborg's clothes on fire. It stumbled forward, dragging Tommy with it. Damaged, it jerked uncontrollably, but it didn't let its victim go. \"Damn it all, I will kill one of you!\" it swore. \"Duck!\" Knuckles dropped to the ground as the girl swung with the butt of the shot gun. Swinging it like a bat, she hammered the sword deeper. \"Will... kill... \" the cyborg stammered. Buckaroo rose up again, grabbing the sword and twisting it. The fire licked at his hands, but he wasn't going to let this thing win. The machine jerked, its grip finally loosing its strength, dropping Perfect Tommy to the floor. Even as power drained away, the thing raised a foot, determined to kill its victim one way or another. It froze, dead, the heavy limb hanging over Perfect Tommy's back. Buckaroo continued to twist his weapon, until Knuckles touched his arm. \"It's dead.\" she told him, then, to demonstrate, pushed the cyborg until it fell. The room was silent. The Cavaliers had finished off what was left of the bad guys, and now, stood around, a mixture of relief and shock twisting in their guts. \"Perfect Tommy!\" Peggy suddenly gasped, rushing over to her felled friend's side. Gently, she rolled him over, wincing as he winced. \"Peggy, back off!\" Buckaroo warned. \"We don't know if it's really Tommy.\" \"It is.\" Knuckles assured, crouching down beside Perfect Tommy. She nodded to the dead cyborg. \"Dupes don't bleed.\" \"And Perfect Tommy does!\" Peggy snapped. \"Now do something about it!\" Buckaroo Banzai and the Hong Kong Cavaliers leaped to help their wounded. Knuckles chuckled and patted Tommy's shoulder. \"Sure can tell who runs this house.\" Tommy's eyes fluttered open. \"Damn.\" he mumbled. \"What?\" \"I wanted to take you dancing.\" he joked, despite the pain that threatened to drag him down into darkness. The girl laughed, a joyous sound that roped Tommy and kept him anchored in the conscious world. \"Another time, but now, I have to run off to see how your buddy is doing.\" \"Buddy?\" Buckaroo asked from where he was bent over Tommy's busted up leg. \"New Jersey went to check up on your kids.\" Knuckles answered. \"Alone?\" Knuckles tilted her head to one side. \"Until we go get him.\" she answered as if it was a \"duh!\" She patted Tommy's shoulder again. \"Let's get you upright, Tom.\" \"Upright?\" Peggy asked, astonished that she would suggest such of a crippled man. But Perfect Tommy grabbed Knuckles offered hand and let her pull him up into a sitting position. \"Deep breath.\" Jessie instructed getting under his arm. \"Three... two... one... up!\" Bracing his good leg under him, Tommy rose up, leaning heavily on the girl. His eyes squeezed shut and he bit his lip to keep from crying out. Buckaroo quickly moved in to help his friend. \"Easy. Don't put any weight on it. Gasping, Tommy glanced at him. \"I have a slight concussion. I'm not stupid.\" \"Concussion?\" Buckaroo frowned, eyeing the head gash. \"Later.\" Knuckles waved away. \"Come on, Tom. Man the PC outside. cover our backs, eh?\" She started to lead him out. \"I'll do that.\" Peggy protested. \"He can't. He's all broken up.\" Tommy waved a hand over his shoulder at her, calling back \"I'm perfect!\" Buckaroo glanced at his Cavaliers who, numbly, looked back. It was Peggy Banzai who had the right words for the situation: \"The deuce, you say!\" New Jersey peered around the corner of the building. Sure as foretold, two black clad invaders guarded the front door. No doubt it was likewise at the back and side doors doctor pulled back before he could be seen. Leaning his head against the wall, he groaned. \"Sure, Sidney, ol' buddy, ol' pal, sure you can take it all alone.\" he mumbled. \"Sure, no problem.\" A scream from around the corner brought New Jersey's attention back to the guards. Glancing around the corner again, he saw the Osprey, Draco attacking the two men. He was not sure which was screaming, the bird or the men she was shredding. \"Here we go.\" Jersey ran around the corner to join the attack. Catching the attention of the nearest invader with a \"Hey!\", he slammed the butt of his Thompson across his jaw, knocking him out cold. \"Out of the way, Draco!\" Jersey called, trying to move on to the next invader. But Draco snapped her beak at him. She had tasted the man's blood, and no one was going to take the kill away from her. With talons and beak, she tore at the man \"Draco! Draco, stop!\" he continued to yell, swinging at the bird. No matter what had been done, no one deserved to be shredded to pieces. Not like this! Draco fluttered her huge wings, knocking Jersey back. \"Damn it, bird!' Jersey snapped, but Draco already had the invader on the ground, her talons ripping at his throat. Swallowing back another protest, the doctor resigned that there was nothing left to be done. She had had her kill. So he turned to the door and attempted to kick it open. It didn't budge. Sighing at his own stupidity, New Jersey limped up to the door and turned the knob, opening it. Responding to the scream of their comrades, two armed invaders came running down the hall toward him. They hesitated for only a breath when they saw the Cavalier, then brought up their own weapons. New Jersey fired the Thompson first, the submachine gun kicking in his hands. The two invaders look at almost as if the were dancing as the bullets hit before they dropped to the floor dead. \"Damn.\" Jersey breathed, startled by the power of the antique weapon. A door opened to his left. Spinning about, Jersey dropped to one knee, and brought the weapon up. \"Woe!\" Billy held up his hands. \"It's me!\" Jersey sighed with relief when another invader appeared behind him in the doorway he had just stepped through. But, before either of the Cavaliers could react, Draco hit the man from behind, slamming him forward. Blinded by talons and feathers, the invader tripped over Jersey, who was still kneeling on the floor. Another invader stepped into the hall. \"Look out!\" Billy yelled. New Jersey rose up to his feet, taking aim, and firing. But that invader was followed by four more. Word was getting out that there was fighting and the bad guys were coming to secure their position. Bullets hit the wall next to Billy's head, sending the young computer whiz leaping back into the room. \"We're coming!\" someone yelled from a room beyond the invaders. A few of the invaders turned, but interns came busting out of their rooms on either side, one swinging a broom, another a bat, and pummeled them to the ground. Unable to get a clean shot once the interns began swarming out of their rooms, new jersey charged down the hall, swinging the Thompson at the enemy close enough to hit. \"Crap.\" Knuckles snapped, when she heard the unique sound of the Thompson. She and Buckaroo dropped to the one knee on the ground. \"He wasn't supposed to go in alone.\" she growled. \"Don't any of your boys know how to follow orders?\" Buckaroo smiled. \"No. not a signal one. Each and every a true rebellion.\" \"Humph.\" Knuckles mumbled. \"Funny, I didn't pick the doc as a rebel.\" Rawhide, Reno, Pecos, and Big Norse moved up behind them. \"Where do you want us, boss?\" Pecos asked. Buckaroo glanced at Knuckles, who shrugged, saying \"Your people, your rules.\" \"It would be a first today.\" Buckaroo observed. To no ones surprise, Knuckles wasn't around to hear. She was already half way to their destination. Billy Travers rolled on his back, kicking up, sending his attacker up over his head to slam into the one next to New Jersey. Startled by his comrade's sudden appearance, the invader who was trying to wrestle the Thompson away from Jersey, hesitated. It was the opportunity Jersey had been waiting for. He kicked, slamming the point of his boot in the shin. As the invader stumbled back, Jersey twisted the gun free. The invader doubled up his fists, but a screech from down the hall announced the return of the osprey. Everyone, Blue Blazer and invader alike, dropped to the floor as Draco flew around the corner and over head, a chunk of some poor soul's scalp clutched like a prize in her talons. The front door opened just in time for the bird to fly out and away. Knuckles watched her go, then looked inside to survey the scene. Only a handful of the invaders were left in any condition to fight. Once someone started to fight back, there had been no holding back the interns, There had been only a few more of them than their captors, and they were young and inexperienced. But they had had enough! These people had invaded their sanctuary, and, quite simply, pissed them off! Pay back time! Knuckles had to stop and laugh as the fight once again picked up after Draco's departure. \"Hey, Doc.\" she called over the roar of battle. \"Need a hand?\" Bruised, but otherwise in fair condition, New Jersey waved a hand at her. \"No.\" he paused to kick an invader off of a young intern and into the arms of a trio of rather upset looking girls, one using a Cabbage Patch doll to whack him on the head. \"I think we just about have it.\" Jersey stumbled out of the way as Billy grabbed an escaping invader and threw him back into the fray. Knuckles waved and stepped out just as Buckaroo and the others caught up to her. \"They don't need us.\" she informed them. \"Maybe they'd like to contradict you.\" Reno pointed down the road where the two personnel carriers were returning from the stables. Behind them came what was left of the invaders, some thirty odd men. Apparently someone had gotten word to them as to where the fight really was. \"Crap.\" Knuckles growled. She stuck her head inside. \"Wrap it up, Doc, and get your people armed for bear!\" \"Reno, round up the troops.\" Buckaroo ordered. \"The rest of you, lets go say our hellos.\" Then he headed for the trees on either side of the road. Knuckles started to follow as New Jersey and the interns, finishing up inside, followed their employer toward another fight. But something else caught her attention. She wasn't sure what it was, but she took a step back the way they had come, back toward the main house where she had left Perfect Tommy, the two little girls, and the unconscious Pinky Carruthers. She was a hunter of men, of people who escaped lawful capture or were just plain ol' bad asses. Humans were the ultimate predator, and she was one of the few that made humans her prey. And every instinct told her her prey was back... not forward. Which brought on a whole new concern: \"Tom.\" she whispered and bolted back. Perfect Tommy glanced down at Pinky who was beginning to moan and show signs of conscious. \"Maybe you girls should get him to the infirmary.\" he suggested. \"I should get both of you to the infirmary!\" Peggy snapped. She had repeated such several times as that bounty hunter dragged them all out here to baby sit that damn truck. If that woman hadn't kept saving their lives, Peggy might actually grow to dislike her. 'Course, if that woman could give up doing things as if she alone in the world, Peggy might actually like her too. Mrs. Johnson crouched beside the fallen gatekeeper. \"It's alright, Pinky.\" she whispered. She looked up at Peggy. \"I think he's hurt pretty bad.\" Peggy looked up at Tommy, who sat on the top of the PC behind the big machine gun, his broken leg stretched out before him. He was putting on a brave front, but sweat rolled down his forehead, his blue eyes glazed a little, his jaw stiff against the pain. Despite it all, he grinned. \"Not like I'm going anywhere.\" he pointed out. \"That's what worried me. You're a sitting duck with a broken wing.\" \"And a real big gun.\" Perfect Tommy patted the barrel of the machine gun. \"Peggy chewed her lip, still not convinced that she should leave him. But, it would take both of the young woman to carry a grown man to the infirmary. With a sigh, Peggy shoved a finger in Tommy's direction. \"You stay right there, P.T. I'll be right back!\" \"Don't worry. I don't plan on running off any time soon.\" he assured Peggy did not smile. A woman under each arm, Pink Carruthers was carried back into the main building. Once alone, Perfect Tommy released the breath he had been holding in a groan, dropping his forehead down on the cool steel of the gun. He resisted the urge to rub at the pain. Best of his knowledge told him that that was not a good idea when it came to broken objects. \"My, my... Mr. Perfect Tommy, you have come so far in such little time.\" Perfect Tommy felt his blood run cold. Slowly he looked over at the speaker. Lady Oran de Nathair smiled her beautiful smile. \"Particularly for a dead man.\" Her green eyes twinkled, warning of extreme danger. \"Now, why don't you come on down here and join me?\" \"Thanks, but I like it here.\" Tommy answered. He tried to move the gun around to target her, but it had been locked into place, and he couldn't reach the lock with his leg immobile. \"Oh, but I do insist.\" Oran reached out with small box and touched it to the steel of the transport. There was a spark, a sizzling sound. Suddenly Perfect Tommy's steel seat became electrically charged. With a startled cry, he rolled away, only to find the rest of the metal vehicle in like condition. He had no choice. Perfect Tommy rolled off the back of the PC, landing hard on the ground a good eight feet down. The air exploded from his lungs. All new pain added itself to the old. For a moment, everything went black. Tommy knew his eyes were open, they were the only thing still cool and not hurting. It was his head protesting, screaming that enough was enough. Forcing his mind to pay attention, Perfect Tommy blinked, until his vision returned. \"Oh, did that hurt?\" Oran coed as she leaned over him. \"Not much.\" Perfect Tommy lied. Crouching down, she pulled his revolver from his belt. With a disappointed sigh, she shook her head. \"I expected something more... creative from you. Such a crude weapon.\" Again she sighed. Then turned her body just enough to stretch her arm out. The gun fired twice. Jessica James cried out as a bullet hit her in the side, spinning her around and dropping her to the ground. As she dropped, the second bullet cut through her braid, only a breath from the soft tissue of at the back of her neck. Buckaroo Banzai waved Rawhide and fifteen interns forward through the trees and bushes to the left of the lane. On the right, Reno lead his team, keeping even with Rawhide. In the trees behind Buckaroo were another ten interns. A handful of interns had been too badly injured to join this fight, so they remained in the residence hall, shooting off guns, making it appear as if the fight was still there. They easily out numbered the enemy now, but the invaders had those damn machine guns on those damn armored personnel carriers. If they could take out the men manning them... but they had to let them get close enough first... and that put them in a hell of a lot of danger. A wine drew Buckaroo's attention down to where Jessie James' dog crouched down beside him. He twitched as if he was fighting the urge to leap out and began the assault, but he had been too well trained to move without an order. Unfortunately his mistress did not appear to be available to give such an order. So he had sought someone who could. Maybe recognizing the man as a leader of his pack or maybe he was just the closest, but Oddity had chosen Buckaroo in the absence of Jessie. Buckaroo knelt down to scratch the dog's head. \"Now where's that girl of yours?\" he wondered. Oddity looked up at him with his bright blue eyes. Almost as if answering his question, he looked back toward the main house hidden behind trees, and wined. Buckaroo followed his gaze, but the dog tensed up again and turned back to the approaching trouble. The PCs were passing between the two hidden groups of BBs, coming within striking range. But before they could move, a helicopter appeared, coming up from behind the invaders, herding a stampede of horses in front of it. The invaders on foot dived to the sides of the lane, trying to get out of the way of the stampede, and right into the waiting, and not entirely too gently, hands of Rawhide and Reno. A few saw their comrades being snatched and stopped only to be plowed down by the horses. And once the horses had run through, following the lane as it turned just before hitting the trees where Buckaroo and his group were still hidden, the helicopter spun about in place, and passed over the enemy, firing the nose guns at whoever was left standing in the lane. The personnel carriers' machine guns returned fire, filling the sky with bullets. Despite its own armor, the bullets managed to hit some of the helicopter's soft spots. The air craft sputtered, the propellers sparked, smoke bellowed from the engine, and it began to sway. The helicopter and its pilot were in distress. But it still made another pass. The PCs also had a soft spot: their tires. And the pilot took full advantage of his last pass to come in low, firing at one's tires while heading straight for the other. Tires shredded, the vehicle on the left skidded to a halt. Seeing the air craft skidding across the ground, coming right at them, the one on the right jerked to a stop, its occupants jumping free and running for cover. The helicopter slowed just enough that the crash was little more than a fender-bender, but it took both vehicles out of the game. Despite that, the other PC kept its guns trained on the helicopter, filing it with holes. The pilot fell out the far side and hunkered down behind his fallen craft. Oddity barked excitedly at the sight of the pilot and started out, but Buckaroo grabbed his collar. This had turned into a gun fight. The dog wouldn't have a his Blue Blazes on the other hand... \"Stay!\" Buckaroo ordered and hoped the animal understood. Then motioned his group forward. Rawhide was already moving, running and dodging his way to the helicopter. He dove down beside the pilot as bullets ate up the ground behind him. \"Howdy. Nice day, eh?\" he greeted the pilot. Gage glanced at him and smiled. \"Never been so happy to see an ivory-key-picker in all my hopefully-live-long-days.\" he admitted. Rawhide returned the smile, instantly liking the man. \"I suggest we blow this pop stand before it blows us.\" Gage suggested, pointing up at the smoking engine. \"Aw.\" Rawhide nodded. \"Good idea. You armed?\" Gage swung up his own Thompson sub machine gun and lovingly stroked the barrel. \"Never leave home without her.\" Again Rawhide smiled. Despite the helicopter being grounded, it still remained the focus point for the enemy machine gun. Particularly after Rawhide had joined the pilot. Such attention, became the invaders downfall, as it allowed the Reno and his team to come up behind the PC unseen. Reno Nevada, with Pecos at his side, climbed up the back of the personnel carrier. Holding on with one hand, they laid their guns along the top, and shot the feet out from under the gunmen. Once the machine gun was no longer manned, the Blue Blazes swarmed forward, taking what was left of the invaders. Oddity raced around the action, barking encouragement here, snarling a warning there. But, when the fighting had finally slowed to the occasional protest, the dog began to run in tight circles, pausing every couple turned, facing back toward the main house, and barked. Rawhide jogged around the helicopter after instructing a pair of interns on putting out the fires, and lead Gage over to Buckaroo. \"hey , boss, like ya to meet our savior.\"Gage smiled, holding a hand out to Buckaroo banzai. \"Sorry 'bout the mess.\" Buckaroo smiled. \"Sorry for the need for the mess. Gage Storm, isn't it? A bouncer at the Club?\" Gage nodded. He was about to say something when Oddity jumped up against him, slamming him into Rawhide. \"Heeeeey, boy. Had fun?\" The dog leaped away and spun about again, barking. Gage lost all humor. \"What's wrong Oddity?\" Rawhide and Buckaroo exchanged glances. Had they missed something. The dog spun about again. Gage turned to glare at the two men. \"Where's Knuckles?\" he demanded. As if in answer, two shots could be heard in the distance. Oddity couldn't wait any longer. He took off running back toward the main house. Gage glared at the two men a moment longer, before taking chase. Lady Oran de Nathair sighed. \"Jessica James. I should have known you were about. Aren't you always when things go awry?\" She shook her head. Knuckles laid on the ground, unmoving. Again the Lady sighed. Assuming that her long time adversary was finally dead, she turned back to the man withering at her feet. Perfect Tommy was trying to pull his hand out from under her foot while his free hand fumbled at his belt. \"Now, what shall I do with you?\" She turned her gaze skyward, tapping the barrel of the gun on her chin. \"Decisions, decisions.\" The she smiled. \"Well, at least this one isn't so difficult.\" She looked down at her victim again, only to find a pistol crossbow aimed up at her. Perfect Tommy fired the small arrow up at the woman, but, startled, she leaped back. The arrow sliced up her cheek, then continued into the air to land elsewhere. Hands shaking, Oran reached up and touched her cheek. Eyes, large and fierce, glared down at the blood on her fingers. \"YOU SCARRED ME!\" she snarled. Her shoulders hunched as her pure and absolute rage brought forth her most animalistic instincts. She was going to tare this man's heart out! \"Hey, bitch!\" came a low growl from behind her. Oran's head turned just enough so that she could see the bloody Jessica James standing behind her. The bounty hunter stood, feet slightly apart, fists hanging loosely at her side, every muscle in her body tensed like a cat ready to pounce. The girl's voice even resembled a lion's low growl as she challenged \"Why don't you pick on someone your own gender?\" Turning to face her, Oran chuckled, a rather unamused sound. \"And you claim such a position?\" Knuckles smiled and indicated her own, unmarked cheek. \"At least I still have the face.\" she returned. Rage overtook good sense. With a scream, Oran lunged at the girl, the gun held out before her. She wanted to get close, to hold the girl to her, feel her body jerk as the bullets surged through her flesh, hear the air hiss out as it escaped the holes in her chest, watch as the light of life slipped from her eyes. But Knuckles was ready for her. Stepping back, she kicked up, the toe of her boot slamming into the soft inside of the Lady's wrist. Oran's fingers went numb as her hand jerked up, throwing the gun up and away. Knuckles spun away, her fists coming up to the ready. She bounced on the balls of her feet and waited. Flexing her fingers, encouraging the feeling back, Oran de Nathair circled the younger woman. \"You've lost your opportunity for a quick death, mongrel child.\" she hissed. \"Wasn't on my to-do list anyhow.\" was Knuckles' answer. Suddenly Oran lashed out with the back of her left fist while stepping forward with her right foot. Knuckles blocked the fist and bounced to one side, swinging her own fist low, hitting Oran in the ribs. With a \"humph,\" Oran danced aside, spun about with a kick which slammed against Knuckles upraised arm. But, when her back was turned, she drew a long silver pin from her sleeve. While her foot slammed up against the arm, she bent over and jabbed the pin up and into the arm. Knuckles hissed, but didn't yank away. If she had, she would of left a chunk of flesh on the pin. And she wasn't tall enough to out reach it. She was the Lady was trapped as well. She couldn't bring her leg down until her torso was out of the way. She either had to leave her weapon behind or free it, freeing her victim. She liked her weapon! With a jerk, she yanked it free. Her foot dropped to the ground just long enough to spin herself around the other direction, snapping a kick at Knuckles' unprotected wounded side. The bounty hunter was still recovering from being stabbed when the kick to her wound sent searing pain through her body. Gasping for breath, she stumbled away, keeping her feet only by sheer will power. Sensing a kill, Oran let out a cry of pure blood lust, and followed up with another twisted just in time for the kick to fly pass at shoulder level. Her fist struck out, catching Oran in the hip, spinning the woman about. grabbing the back of her head when her back was exposed, Knuckles shoved the head down and swung out a leg, sweeping her pivot foot out from under her. The Lady dropped to the ground in a painful splits. With a growl, she rolled away, just barely avoiding Knuckles' fist as she brought it down from above. Rolling back on her left side, Oran snapped a kick up, catching Knuckles, once more, in her wounded would have cried out if there was any breath left in her lungs to put sound to. Falling back, she knocked into something. Rawhide wrapped his strong arms protectively around the girl and backed away. Buckaroo Banzai and Gage moved forward on either side, their weapons leveled with the Lady Oran de Nathair. \"Just hold it right there, lady.\" Buckaroo ordered. The Lady glared at them from where she crouched on the ground. \"You have nowhere to go.\" Buckaroo continued. \"Your army is captured. Your cyborg is destroyed. You are all alone. And we are in command now. Give up!\" Lady Oran de Nathair suddenly smiled her most dazzling smile, her rage vanishing. With the same grace as she had always shown in everything she did, she rose up. She took a moment to brush the dust from her elegant skirt, then offered her arm to Buckaroo. \"Well, then, Dr Banzai, would you be so kind as to escort a Lady to her cell?\" Perfectly Matched Knuckles New Jersey so rarely got to play doctor of emergency medicine. Sure, there was the occasional gunshot or stab wound, flash burns, slight electrocution, dislocated jaws... the little house hold stuff. But, nothing like the rush of a big city emergency where even a hack like himself could feel in demand. Sorta like now. \"Oh, damn.\" Perfect Tommy hissed. his eyes squeezed shut and he pressed his head back into the pillow. \"Just lie still.\" Jersey mumbled. \"Janice, give him a stab of morphine.\" Tommy held up a finger. \"Decaffeinated, please.\" The doctor leaned away from the leg and glared at his patient. \"You need a pain killer.\" \"Fine. Something mild.\" Tommy answered, through gritted teeth. \"P.T...\" Janice, the nurse, started. But Buckaroo interrupted with \"Give him some codeine. The mildest dose.\" He moved to the head of the bed and looked down at his friend. \"It won't be a problem.\" he promised. Perfect Tommy didn't need to open his eyes to know who was there. He nodded slightly. \"How's Knuckles?\" he wanted to know. \"Mrs. James?\" Buckaroo glanced over to where the sleeping girl was being wheeled out to await the ambulances. \"She'll be fine. Bullet went straight through, missed everything important.\" He smiled. \"She's more upset about her hair than the hole in her gut.\" Perfect Tommy chuckled, something he instantly regretted. \"Hold still!\" Jersey snapped. \"Hey, doc.\" someone called from across the infirmary. \"The ambulances are here.\" The more seriously injured were going to be shipped to the hospital. Their infirmary could handle nearly anything, just not the volume. \"Go, Sidney.\" Buckaroo told his fellow doctor. \"He's not going anywhere.\" Jersey snapped off his rubber gloves and stomped off, grumbling something about having to do this, having to do that, and having unappreciated patients on top of it all. \"He's having the time of his life, isn't he.\" Perfect Tommy mumbled. \"Oh, yea.\" Buckaroo chuckled. \"Perhaps, though, next time... lets get him a hobby rather than shooting up the joint.\" Perfect Tommy's eyes opened and he gazed up at Buckaroo. They had a pain induced sparkle to them, but it took his friend only a glance to know it wasn't all physical pain. He licked his lips and offered \"I'm sorry, Buckaroo.\" Dr Banzai frowned. \"Sorry for saving our butts? Gee, thanks.\" Tommy shook his head. \"They wouldn't have been here if I hadn't screwed up.\" Buckaroo sighed. He leaned close. \"Now, you listen very closely to me, Perfect Tommy! You are not at fault for what happened here! They knew what we were up to long before you went in. They set us all up.\" Tommy stared up at him, unconvinced. \"It was my plan.\" \"And we couldn't tell a fake from the one and only authentic Perfect Tommy.\" Buckaroo countered. \"Now who's to blame for letting that thing into the house?\" Tommy's eyes narrowed. \"How could you confuse Mr. Robotic with me? Sure, it was handsome...\" Buckaroo grinned. \"But it was no you.\" He knew he had won the argument by surrender and not by convincing his friend, but it would have to do for now. Perfect Tommy yawned, his eyes closing once more. \"Damn, I'm tired. Slight concussion, you know.\" \"Yea, I heard.\" Buckaroo glanced up as a pair of EMTs came up to the bed. \"They're going to take you to the hospital now. Go to sleep. We'll be there when you wake up.\" Perfect Tommy didn't respond. Sighing, he nodded to the EMTs and backed out of the way. As they carried the wounded Cavalier out, they passed Rawhide and Reno who were making their way to the head honcho. \"The cops picked up the last of the bad guys.\" Rawhide let Buckaroo know. \"Kinda spooky how calm that gal was.\" Reno observed. Buckaroo nodded but said nothing. \"Blue Blazes Irregulars have been coming in for the past hour. Apparently Jack Burton got through to them, passed on Jersey's call for help.\" Rawhide continued, frowning at his friend's reactions. \"Now that we have the go-phones up and runnin', we've been able to count for just about everyone.\" \"Looks like we were the only ones seriously hit.\" Reno put in. \"The local garages and the mop up crew in California took some hits, kept them occupied, but no one was seriously wounded and they wrapped it up.\" Again Buckaroo just nodded. Rawhide and Reno exchanged concerned looks. \"You alright, boss?\" Reno asked. One more time, Buckaroo nodded. After a moment, though, he looked at them. \"How the hell did we become so vulnerable that this...\" he waved about at the wounded being carried out on stretchers, \"that this happened?\" He shook his head, then walked passed the men and out of the infirmary. Lady Oran de Nathair sat with a calmness that could only be compared to death. Her gentle smile and pride that twinkled in her eyes never wavered. She had been left alone in the interrogation room. No one seemed to feel overly comfortable in her presence. In fact, some seemed even afraid. Her smile broadened at the thought. They knew her, knew the power of her bloodline. Even if they didn't know exactly, they knew instinctively. Animals always knew their betters. The door opened and a tall, oriental man stepped into the room. The door closed behind him. He walked to the end of the table and bowed to the woman. \"My Lady, I bring you homage from my Lord.\" he said, his voice soft and trained. Lady Oran de Nathair eyed the man. \"And who is your Lord?\" she wondered. \"He is quite impressed with your deeds of the last few days.\" he continued. Oran's beautiful eyes grew hard. She did not like mongrels who did not answer her questions. The man seemed unaware of her tension. \"My Lord believes that, with his aid, your attempt would have been successful.\" He smiled ever so slightly. \"He would like to know if you would like another opportunity?\" The cut along her cheek ached, reminding her of the humiliation she received at the hands of two particular people. \"I do not give a damn about the scientists any longer. They have proven uncooperative, thus unworthy of our time.\" The man sighed, turning to leave. \"But Jessica James and Perfect Tommy.\" Lady Oran de Nathair continued, stopping him. \"I want them!\" The man turned back. \"My Lord, then, suggests a union. He can get Perfect Tommy and Mrs. James.\" Oran's chin twitched. \"And in return?\" The man shrugged. \"Finish what you began: destroy Buckaroo Banzai.\" The Lady smiled. \"You get mine, I'll get yours?\" She paused, the idea of making a deal with a mongrel... yet such partnerships had been made through out history. And when the mongrel was no longer needed, the partnership would be dissolved, along with the partner. Thus she answered \"I agree.\" Again, he bowed. \"Then I will arrange for your... release.\" He turned for the door, but paused before leaving just long enough to say \"My Lord Xan eagerly awaits your meeting.\" Then he was gone. Two Days Later: Perfect Tommy held the glass to the window, shining the sunlight through the thick glass. Intensified through the glass, the beam of light hit the paper on the table at the foot of his bed. The paper discolored slightly, then began to smoke. And, then, burst into flames. \"Woe! Damn!\" Tommy hissed dropping the glass. He reached for the table, but it was out of reach. \"Oh, damn, damn.\" he mumbled as the fire began to spread. He grabbed the pitcher of water from his night stand, and, tarring off the lid, threw the water at the table. Most of it hit and extinguished the flames, but some survived and began to consume the table. \"Damn, damn, damn.\" The door opened and Tommy glanced up to see Rawhide, Reno, Pecos, Big Norse, and Billy Travers walk in. \"Hey, guys!\" Tommy greeted. He tried to ignore the fire, hoping no one would notice. \"Come to rescue me, eh? Let's go! Ready when you are! Anyone seen my clothes?\" He looked around at everything except the fire. Almost sounding bored, Big Norse pointed and announced \"Fire.\" Rawhide sighed that sigh usually reserved for the \"Idiot little brother\" stunts. He walked up to the table and patted the flames out. \"Why am I not surprised?\" he mumbled. \"Gee, how did that happen?\" Perfect Tommy tried to sound innocent... and failed. To answer his question, Pecos picked up a glass from the floor. She handed it to him before shoving him over and laying back on the bed beside him. Perfect Tommy eyed the glass. \"Oh... yea.\" He frowned. \"You know what's really upsetting? Hear any fire alarms? Where's the sprinklers? Now, if you want to yell at someone…\" Suddenly the Cavaliers, for the exception of Rawhide, pounced on the bed, pushing and jabbing and ruffling Perfect Tommy, offering their good wishes and such. \"Hey! I thought I was going to get to sign a cast!\" Big Norse complained, eyeing the brace that ran half way up Tommy's thigh down to his ankle. Tommy shrugged. He waved at the end of the bed where Rawhide had discovered his chart hanging and was now flipping through it. \"If I could have reached the damn thing, I'd have all the answers for you.\" Rawhide flipped through the pages, everyone's eyes turning expectantly to him. He smiled and looked over the top of the chart at his friend. \"Who wants to know all Perfect Tommy's imperfections?\" Hands were thrown into the air, some eagerly threw up both hands. Perfect Tommy dived for the chart, but his leg protested. \"OUCH!\" he cried out. \"Hey! Hey! You're going to tare out the stitches!\" New Jersey reprimanded as he walked into the room, his long white lab coat giving him an all important look. He snatched the chart from Rawhide, flashing him his most disapproving glare. Then he sniffed the air. \"Someone been smoking in here?\" he accused. The room erupted in giggles. Deciding to ignore them, Jersey pushed his way to the bed. He eyed Pecos who snuggled into Tommy's side. \"Does Reno know about this?\" he wondered with a smirk, glancing up at the dark young man who stood on the other side of the bed. Reno shrugged. \"I'll beat him up later.\" Pecos giggled, reaching over Tommy to swat at the man she loved. \"Anyway...\" Perfect Tommy snatched the chart from the doctor. His eyes scanned it, then he frowned. \"Surgery?\" \"We had to put a pin in your knee to repair the damage.\" Jersey explained. \"No big deal. An hour or two worth of work, another couple of days in the hospital, or, if you prefer, the infirmary back home, and a cast for a few months.\" Big Norse clapped her hands with glee. \"A cast!\" \"I don't remember any surgery.\" Tommy mumbled. New Jersey shrugged. \"Well, we generally prefer folks to be unconscious when we slice them open. You know, the screaming can be distracting. All sorts of things get left behind.\" He looked up at Reno, simply because he was handiest, and held his hands apart to indicate a large size. \"Once forgot a sponge... \" \"What?\" Perfect Tommy's hand snatched Jersey's lab coat and dragged him close until he was nearly lying over top of Pecos. \"What?\" he repeated in a growl. Gingerly, Pecos reached up and untangled Perfect Tommy's fingers, releasing the doctor. \"He was joking, love.\" she said gently. New Jersey just grinned, stepping a safe distance away from the bed, pleased that he had finally pulled one over on the infamously mischief Perfect Tommy. Paid him back for thinking he wouldn't have noticed the burnt table. There was a knock on the door and Peggy Banzai and her husband stepped. \"Presents from afar.\" Peggy sang. \"Well, as afar as the receptionist's desk.\" she shrugged, indicating Buckaroo who was carrying a basket and a long rose box. \"Oh, but these are from Mrs. Johnson.\" Peggy continued setting a plate of the girl's famous sticky buns on Tommy's lap, before leaning over a kissing him on the cheek. Resting her forehead against his for a moment, she flashed him a beautiful, warm smile. \"Good to your eyes open.\" \"Good to have my eyes open.\" Perfect Tommy answered, throwing Jersey one more meaningful glare. \"Hey, buddy.\" Buckaroo greeted. He smiled, but there was reservation in the expression. \"How ya feeling?\" he asked as Rawhide stepped over to join him at the door. Tommy held up a finger. \"I have a slight concussion... and a pin in my knee.\" Buckaroo's smile turned into a grin. \"Indeed.\" He shook his head. His young friend was going to be fine. On to other matters. He handed a paper to Rawhide. \"You know,\" Peggy spoke up again, drawing attention away from their commanders, \"there's this nurse down the hall bragging that she's been assigned to give... now, how did she put it?... give the `ever so gorgeous' Perfect Tommy a sponge bath.\" Tommy grinned. \"Redhead or brunet?\" \"Blond.\" \"Blond?\" He frowned, trying to recall all the nurses he'd harassed over the last 2 days. \"Maggie.\" Jersey supplied, grinning. This was just getting better and better. A look of horror crossed Tommy's face. \"Maggie? Big, mean, spits nails Maggie the Bull?\" Jersey nodded. Again the room burst into fits of giggles. \"Listen up folks!\" Rawhide interrupted, his serious tone ending all fun. \"Possible trouble.\" Buckaroo stepped up to the foot of the bed and locked eyes with Perfect Tommy. \"Lady Oran de Nathair has escaped custody.\" Tommy sat upright, nearly pushing Pecos off the bed. \"What? The witch is loose?\" He paled noticeably. Buckaroo held up a hand to calm him. \"We have people on it. She won't get far.\" he assured. \"Like hell!\" Tommy snapped. He might have spent the least amount of actual time with the woman, but he had seen the most of her. And it terrified him that such a creature was out, loose, and probably pissed. Buckaroo stepped to the side of the bed. He set a comforting hand on his friend's shoulder. \"We'll get her.\" he promised. \"Don't worry about it.\" Perfect Tommy leaned back again. He still wasn't happy, but at least he didn't look, broken knee and all, like he would jump up and run from the room. He might hide under the bed, but... that was Perfect Tommy. Worried about what a continuation of the conversation would do to what was left of Perfect Tommy's frayed nerves, New Jersey suggested a change of subject. \"Who sent presents?\" he asked waving to the two Buckaroo had set on the table. Peggy handed Perfect Tommy the rose box and took the card from the basket to read. \"Ah, the fruit basket is from the gang at the Jessie James Club.\" She winked at the wounded Cavalier. \"Apparently a few of the girls want to know when you'll be on your feet again so they can put you back on your back.\" Tommy sighed, slipping back into the more comfortable roll of girl magnet. \"A curse for those few of us who are so perfect.\" He tugged on the bow and opened the box. A snake coiled up, hissing, Then it lightening reflexes, Buckaroo's hand snapped out, catching the poisons viper a hair's breath from Perfect Tommy's face. \"Trash can!\" Buckaroo ordered, holding the snake as fare away from everyone as was physically possible. Rawhide grabbed the can and held the lid open while Buckaroo dropped the snake in. He slammed the lid down just in time to hear the head slammed into it as the snake attempted one more strike. \"What the hell?\" Billy Travers snapped. Pecos grabbed the rose box and tossed it to the floor so they could get a good look at it from a safe distance. All that was left in it was a note. Big Norse crouched down, picked it up, read it aloud: \"`My Beautiful Perfect Tommy, We're not done yet! Lady Oran de Nathair.'\" She glanced up at the others in the room. \"Oh, damn.\" Perfect Tommy whispered. \"The deuce, you say.\" Buckaroo agreed. Jessie James considered bending over to pick up the fallen bottle. It still spun and, she knew, if she didn't do something, the pressure would build until it blew, spraying the expensive Champaign all over the floor. But the hole in her side protested every little move. It would scream in rage if she attempted to bend over. \"Don't do that!\" Gage snapped, hurrying across the bar to scoop up the bottle. When he straightened, he glared at his boss. \"I know I can't keep you in bed. The least you can do is sit down.\" Jessie sighed. With a hand over her bandaged side, she limped over to a bar stool and climbed up. \"I have to work, Gage. I can't not work!\" she complained. \"Fine.\" Gage had an answer for that. He pulled a ledger book from in front of Connie, the head bartender, to in front of Jessie. \"Connie, go inventory the glasses, will you, girl?\" Connie smiled, as much from seeing someone boss the boss-lady as from getting out of the tedious paper work. She held the pencil out for Jessie, who, grumbling under her breath, took it. Then she skipped away. \"Who's bossing this show, anyway?\" Jessie mumbled. \"I am. You might own the joint, but I manage it when you're out of action.\" He nodded to the bandage visible under her midriff. \"You are out of action.\" he pointed out. Knuckles didn't bother to argue. She knew she would lose. The only time Gage didn't give into her, no matter the cost, was when she was hurt. And she was definitely hurt now. \"Package for you, Knuckles.\" called a waitress who was just coming in for work. She dropped a rose box on the bar, then, after giving her boss a gentle \"how ya feeling\" hug, hurried off to store her gear in the lockers behind the stage. Knuckles glanced at the box, then up at Gage. The bouncer held up his hands. \"Don't look at me. My get-well present was the bill for my bird.\" The bounty hunter sighed. \"Well, might as well who...\" At her feet, Oddity snarled. She stopped short of opening the box and frowned down at the dog. \"Considering he ate your garden, I don't think his problem is with flowers.\" Gage observed, his hand reaching back to the pistol tucked in the back of his belt. \"You think?\" Knuckles mumbled. She held up the box and shook it. \"Don't! Gage cried, jumping back. When nothing blew, he glared his most menacing. \"I hate it when you do that!\" he growled. She shrugged. \"No bomb.\" \"Acute observation.\" The girl smiled slightly, but there was no amusement in her eyes. Carefully, she peeled back the end of the box. With an angry hiss, a long, black-yellow-red striped snake slithered out. Its beady black eyes locked on Knuckles. Already upset by the box and then the shaking of said box, it was all ready to strike. Oddity leaned back behind his mistress, still snarling. Gage froze in place. Knuckles stared. \"Now,\" she breathed, \"what a little beauty you are... a Coral, right? Micrurus fluvius.\" \"Poisons?\" Gage wondered. \"Oh, yes. A pit viper, effects the nervous and respiratory systems.\" Knuckles whispered, admiring the creature before her. \"Hey, Knuckles, we're missing a few...\" Connie started as she came up from the storage bin. Seeing the snake, she stopped and screamed. Turning toward the noise, the viper sprung forward. Knuckles reached out and grabbed the snake just behind the head, grabbing the tail with her free hand. \"Bag, please.\" she asked calmly and Gage quickly produced a canvas lemon bag and held it open for deposit. After dropping the snake in, Knuckles twisted the bag shut. \"Connie, give a shout to the zoo, Let them know I have an awesome Coral for their snake exhibit.\" Connie hurried back and away, thankful to be somewhere, anywhere, else. Gage nudged the box with his finger tips. \"Is that it?\" Knuckles glanced at him. \"What? You want an asp or rattler or two?\" She shook her head. Fearless, which irritated Gage more than the attack, Knuckles picked up the box it until a note fell out. Gage jumped back once again. \"Damn it, Knuckles!\" Gage yanked the box away from her. \"You might not care whether you live or die, but I sure as hell do!\" Reading the note, Knuckles shook her head then handed it to Gage. \"If she wanted me dead, she wouldn't have sent an animal. She knows me too well.\" Gage stared at the note. \"She escaped.\" \"Of course.\" she answered with a \"duh.\" But then she suddenly jumped off the stool. \"Crap!\" \"What?\" \"She'll go after Tom too!\" Knuckles turned and headed for the exit. \"She already did.\" Buckaroo announced from where he stood on the stage. Behind him was Rawhide. Apparently they had the same idea about her as she had about Perfect Tommy. Buckaroo watched her. \"She knows you.\" he was saying. \"Do you know her?\" Jessie James settled back down on the stool and nodded. \"Too well.\" she admitted. \"Then help us nail her hide to the wall.\" Gage and Rawhide carried the boxes of files out to the humvee, leaving Buckaroo and Knuckles a moment alone. \"May I ask you a question?\" Buckaroo said after a moment. Knuckles chuckled. \"You just spent the last two hours picking my brain over the Uilc Dochas Clan. What's one more question?\" \"Off subject.\" Buckaroo warned. The girl glanced at him, her eyebrows arched. Then she shrugged. \"You are an exceptionally smart girl. Young, bright, determined... Why are you so willing to sacrifice all that for revenge?\" Jessica James stared at those piercing blue eyes for a long, silent moment. She wondered if they really could see everything, through everything, like they appeared to be able to. \"I am a bounty hunter.\" \"You're also a zoologist, a vetenary, a linguists, and a few other this and thats.\" Buckaroo pointed out. \"I'm not sure, but I think you also have a photographic memory. By the way, we can check that out for you.\" Knuckles wasn't liking this conversation. \"Get to the point, doc.\" \"The point is, I believe you can be so very much more than you have limited yourself to.\" Buckaroo Banzai answered. \"And I would like to give you the opportunity to be so.\" Ah, now she got it. \"You inviting me into that house of geniuses?\" She chuckled. \"And what do you expect me to do with this?\" She waved a hand at the club. Buckaroo shrugged. \"No one says something has to end for something to began.\" He left his stool and smiled. \"You love animals, Jessica. Their response to you is proof enough. They'd follow you into hell and trust you'd bring them back\" He reached down and scratched Oddity's head. \"Wouldn't you like to do something else with them than take them on weekly trips to hell?\" He handed her a small devise. \"What's this?\" \"A go-phone.\" he answered. \"I didn't say yes.\" \"You didn't say no.\" Buckaroo smiled. \"And even if you did, I'd like it if you'd keep in touch. You see any of the Clan, call us in. Don't try to do it alone. And we'll do likewise.\" He turned and headed for the door, calling over his shoulder \"Besides, you seem to be the only one Perfect Tommy actually takes an order from.\" Knuckles smiled shaking her head. \"Is he alright?\" she wanted to know. Buckaroo grinned. Peggy had been right about the two. \"Funny, he asked about you too.\" Outside Rawhide shook Gage's hand and watched as he passed Buckaroo and returned to the club. \"What do you think?\" Buckaroo asked as he walked toward the humvee. Rawhide tipped his stetson back on his head. \"Rather independent, isn't she?\" \"And single minded.\" Buckaroo climbed into the passenger seat and, glancing to his wife, who patiently waited in the back seat, waited for Rawhide to climb in the driver's side. \"We tend to pick them that way, don't we?\" \"And suffer for our efforts.\" Rawhide groaned. Reining in the loose canons they already had kept his day busy. Adding another to the list... Peggy leaned over his shoulder. \"Oh, admit it! You love running all those kids through their hoops!\" Buckaroo looked at his friend. \"She's smart, Rawhide. Before her father was killed she was well on her way to attracting our attention. Mrs. Johnson even found a letter sent to us from one of her instructors way back before this Clan stuff happened to her. Zoology, veterinary sciences, environment sciences, topped with a variety of languages, astrology, philosophy, this and that.\" Buckaroo waved his hand in the air. \"And you saw what she can do in the field. I'd hate to see her waste all that potential on revenge.\" Rawhide frowned. \"Revenge is a pretty hard thing to get weaned from, Boss.\" he warned. \"What she did, saving Perfect Tommy, then coming in after us...\" Buckaroo shook his head. \"If that girl's going to be out there, I want her out there for us!\" Rawhide sighed knowing that when his friend made up his mind there was no changing it. Sensing the win, Buckaroo grinned. \"Besides,\" Peggy spoke up, leaning back in her seat, \"I just hate to break up a set.\" Both men looked back at her. She sighed and shook her head. \"Men!\" she complained. \"Didn't you see it? Perfect Tommy and Knuckles!\" Rawhide huffed. \"The boy is fallin' in love every other day.\" \"This is different.\" she assured. \"Perfect Tommy and Knuckles... they balance each other, like two sides of the same coin: different yet the same. You just watch! They're perfectly matched!\" Rawhide and Buckaroo glanced at each other. Buckaroo held up a finger. \"On second thought...\" Perfectly Matched Knuckles ","Summary":" Perfectly Matched Knuckles Bye, Bye Perfect Tommy A roar vibrated through the room. \"P... please.."},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"Birthday Party at the Institute","Author":"TommyBoybbi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3291930","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BirthdaynParty TommynBoy packed Rawhide's bag for the week long seminar that he wasngoing to with Buckaroo. Buckaroo was on several panels ofndiscussion on the topic of neurosurgery. Buckaroo had beennperfecting work on several new instruments and they wanted him tonpanel several discussions on a symposium. The convention wasnbeing held in Zurich. Rawhide was going with him for protectionnand keep Buckaroo's mind on where he was to be and when. TommynBoy packed several suits and jeans and shirts. She did theirnlaundry the day before making note on what he would need for thentrip. Rawhide had been trying to finish up on his own projectnin the labs. He had to be reminded by her that day that he wasnleaving tomorrow for a seven-day trip to Europe. He had beennworking with cultures that he had taken on a trip to Chernobyl. nSeeing how the effect of the radiation was on the land around it andnbeyond. For Tommy Boy that was a scary trip not knowing thenfull affects on the fallout may be still. Rawhide assured hernhe took ever precautions. She packed his bag and pulledntogether his travel papers. He would be gone for seven days butnshe and Peggy would be pulling together the biggest and best birthdaynparty they could muster for their two guys. They had beennworking on it for three months. Knowing that the guys would bengone long enough to get things done was the only way it was going tonhappen. Tommy Boy smiled to her self. When the boysnreturned they would find a big surprise. Rawhide came in whilenTommy Boy was reflecting this thought. He came up behind hernand wrapped his arms around her. \"You look like a cat thatnswallowed the canary.\" \"Suffering succotash, spoilednagain,\" she said back. \"You got me all packed?\" henasked. \"I thought you would be in the lab till late so Inwent ahead.\" He kissed her forehead. \"Thank you,\" hensaid. \"I came up for a break. Joel is getting slides ofnwhat we have now. I'll study them while on this trip.\" \"Younsound frustrated.\" \"My thesis for this study is not comingnout. Things are screwy. I may make sense of it afterntaking a break. I don't know.\" He lay down on thenbed. Rawhide looked tired and worn out. Tommy Boynhad seen him work hard on projects but this was a top priority fornhim. With the land around the facility sterile. It wasnimperative to see what was there to see if and when the land andndifferent mileages away could be used again. That area had beenna fertile agricultural area. What Rawhide was expectingnto see in his samples was not coming up. Tommy Boy lay downnnext to him. She massaged the top of his head then hisnshoulders and down. Slowly she felt Rawhide relax. Henrelaxed enough to fall asleep. Knowing he was off to a goodnsleep she got up. Covered him with a blanket off the rockingnchair, and unplugged the phone. She left the room to let himnhave a well-deserved rest. Traveling would get his systemnupheaval enough. She couldn't afford for him to get sick. Innthe hall she called to Mrs. Johnson on the go-phone. \"Mrs.nJ.\" \"Hello TB.\" \"Put Rawhide on DND. Ingot him asleep and he doesn't need to be disturbed. Put me onndetail.\" \"Roger.\" She would get the slides fromnJoel for Rawhide and pack them. Tommy Boy headed for thenbunkhouse to see if there was anything else going on that she hadnmissed for the second half of the day. Perfect Tommy was therenas was Reno. Tina was keeping up on the World Watch One at thentime. Tina confirmed that all was well on what her highnsecurity issues. Tommy Boy told the boys to leave Rawhide alonenfor a while, that he finally was sleeping. Tommy Boy headednout to check on other items that dealt with the daily running of theninstitute. She would be taking the matters in strides for thennext week anyway. An hour later with all items clearednand checked, Tommy Boy returned to Rawhides room. It was tenno'clock. If Rawhide could sleep till six and get what henneeded in the morning the boys were to leave the institute at threenfor a five p.m. flight out. She entered the room. nRawhide was still on the bed, rolled over on his side. He hadndrawn a pillow down for his head. Tommy Boy undressed down tonher tank top and panties and curled up next to him on the bed. nPulling the blanket to share it with him. Rawhide's armninstantly went around her body and pulled her closer to him. nHe snuggled like a big bear that he was. She relished thenfeeling. She fell asleep soon after knowing that she took carenof her teddy bear for the evening. Over the week, Peggy andnTommy Boy coordinated the birthday festivities. A large tentnwas set up in the field by the pond. Along with 3 other tentsnnearby. Peggy located some of Buckaroo's friends from thenMiddle East as did Tommy Boy for Rawhide. One of the few thatnwere not murdered in Afghanistan flew in for his friend's birthday. nPeggy located a band that could play for the whole night along withnthe dances that the girls, including Peggy and Tommy Boy were goingnto dance that night. For the last three months the girls hadngone to a dance studio to learn to belly dance. They had thengirl's night out, like the boys did. But they would go to thenstudio first for an hour or so and learn a dance that they all wouldndance. Peggy learned a solo dance as did Tommy Boy. Theynwould each do a special dance for their guy. Peggy did a symbolndance. Tommy Boy had chosen a veil dance. Caterers werenfound to prepare their favorite dishes of the areas. Costumesnwere gotten for all to wear. By the time the day came to day ofnthe party all was looking well. Everyone was at the tents thatnwere not needed for necessity items. Mrs. Johnson was to handnthe guys a bag each that held a tape and an Arab costume. Theynwere instructed to listen to the tape and change promptly. nTheir horses would be ready out front. Terry picked up thenguys at the airport on time at three o'clock. It took an hournand half to get to the institute. Mrs. Johnson handed themntheir bags and told them that they had to back at her desk in half annhour \"or be square and have the wrath of Tommy Boy on theirnheads.\" They laughed at that on their way up to the bunknfloor. Rawhide looked in the bag and recognized the clothes. nHe saw the tape and put it in the stereo in his room. \"Greetings Buckaroo and Rawhide. You are cordially invitednto an evening of festivities at our oasis. Food and drink arenplentiful, and entertainment abounds. For tonight we are living notnin New Jersey nor the United States but an Arabian night. nPerhaps this can be included in 1000 nights of the Arabian Nights. Now Hurry and dress before the all the food isntaken.\" Rawhide smiled to Buckaroo. Their girls hadngone to the brink in making their 30th birthday's memorable. nThey dressed as quickly into their appointed garb and headed backndown to Mrs. Johnson. At the tent Mrs. Johnson let them knownthat the boys had their bags. Tommy Boy went to the microphonento get everyone's attention. \"This is the final check. nThe boys are here and should be getting their message now. Renonwill emcee the dancers at eight o'clock. So up to then, partynon. Let the guys know that they are appreciated and such andnthey will be seeing their old friends that were able to make it tonthis festivity. Peggy and I will be out of sight till thendances. So any time they try looking for us, tell them youndon't know or have them look on the other side of the tent. nAfter 8 Reno will announce the first dance of the girls. ThennBuckaroo will be honored and Peggy will do her dance, then Rawhidenand myself. Then we party till we drop. I like tonthank everyone this week for getting this done. This went sonsmoothly that I still can't believe it.\" Cheers went up allnover. Tommy Boy and Peggy disappeared to the thirdntent. They had food and drink there and waited awhile till theyndressed for their part. Buckaroo and Rawhide went to Mrs.nJohnson. \"Your steeds await you.\" She got a picturenof them before they went out the door to see that their horses werenposted at the front. They mounted their horses and headed fornthe pond. Before them they saw the tents and people in similarngarb. They laughed in unison and rode on to the party beforenthem. They entered the tent saw people and heard music thatnreminded them of their own pasts. Buckaroo spotted Akeem, hisnfriend from Saudi Arabia. Rawhide caught sight of his friend'snbrother, Aslim. They talked and drank with friends. They triednto find their girls but everyone looked like they didn't know wherenthe hostesses were or led them off on a goose chase. Thenhour of eight struck and Reno took the microphone. He hadnBuckaroo and Rawhide sit in their designated areas. \"Asneveryone knows we are celebrating the 30th birthdays of both Buckaroonand Rawhide.\" Cheers and applaud went up. \"Firstnon the bill of fair is the a group of our esteemed associates whonhave taken the time to learn a dance. A dance from the MiddlenEast with it's mysticism and enchantment, the ladies of thenInstitute.\" The music started up and the girls of theninstitute that chose to participate came out on the center floor. nLights had been installed in strategic places in the tent and werenworking on the girls now. Twenty girls did a synchronized dancenof belly dancing. Each girl did a solo bit and finished. nEveryone was impressed by the show. A chair was placednout at the head of the floor. \"Buckaroo if you would please.\"nBuckaroo went out to the chair and sat down. The music startednfor a symbol dance. Peggy came out from the darkness in herndance outfit that fit her curves. She danced for Buckaroo. Atnthe end Buckaroo stood clapping then taking his girl in his arms andngiving her a kiss that told much to everyone. Reno got onnagain, \"Rawhide, would you please take your seat.\" Buckaroonpassed his friend. Rawhide took his seat. Buckaroo andnPeggy settled on cushions behind Rawhide. The music startednand the spot light fell upon Tommy Boy. She was covered innveils and had bells on her ankles and neck. She had chosen thenveil dance. She moved to the music, moving with the beat andnsyncopation. Then she let Rawhide have a veil. The veilndance showed her soul to Rawhide. She kept eye contact on himnthe entire time. She danced with her soul to him. At the end ofnthe dance Tommy Boy bowed to the feet of Rawhide. He stood upnas did everyone else, clap to her performance. He helped hernup, unveiled herself to a silk harem outfit. He to kiss hisngirl to show the entire crowd how he felt about the dance. Fornseveral hours they sat around a low table eating and drinking. nPeople passed by talking and wishing the boys happy birthday. nWhen it was time to retired the girls told their guys that they hadntheir own tents for their own night of Arabian life. Tommy Boyntook Rawhide to a tent that had more drink and food and cushionednfrom one side to the other. She looked at Rawhide who pullednher to him. \"Your dance showed me much tonight.\" \"Gladnyou noticed.\" She moved against him. \"It is a celebration. nThought you should know how much I love you.\" He kissed her,nhungrily. She pulled away. She moved away to pour a drink, thennlooked at him. \"Your birthday isn't over yet.\" she camenback to him and kissed him. \"Let me make love to you.\" shenwhispered and kissed him again. Rawhide fell back into thencushions. Tommy Boy helped him undress to nothing. Shenkissed him and worked her way down. His neck, chest, nipples,nand lower. When she came upon his member, she skillfully tooknit into her mouth and started giving it something Rawhide nevernthought he would get from her. She left long enough to take offnher top and pants. Then returned to his growing shaft. nRawhide sat back and kept his control. When she was bringingnhim to the brink he let her know. She moved to settle on hisncock and took him within her. She moved slowly on him, causingnhim teeter on the brink to come. Finally Rawhide could notnresist any longer. He moved to be on top and looked down onnher. \"Lady you are driving me crazy. I can not takenyour teasing.\" He started to move. He came instantlynbut he did not go soft. He continued to move, wanting to bringnpleasure to his woman beneath him. She came soon after while hencame again in her. It was the longest they had come together innecstasy. She shuddered over and over to his pumping withinnher. Tears came to Tommy's eyes. Rawhide kissed themnaway. He felt the same. They kissed and cuddled. nNothing could be said to add to the moment. Four weeksnlater... Tommy Boy woke up to the feeling of being sick. nShe got up quickly and headed for the bathroom and threw up. nRawhide woke up to the movement of her leaving the bed and hearingnher in the bathroom. He got up and went to check on her. Henchecked her forehead and found it to be normal to him and her colornwas okay. \"Catching a bug?\" he asked. \"Don'tnknow,\" she hadn't heard anything around. \"Call the docnto see what is up,\" Rawhide told her. They went back tonbed and slept till six. Tommy showered and dressed withnRawhide and went to breakfast in the cafeteria. She stopped atnreception to see about having Sydney see her. She toldnhim what had happened and didn't want to take a chance since therenwere several key projects being in full swing in the computernlab. \"After breakfast.\" Tommy Boy only saw toastnpalatable for breakfast. She sat with the gang listening tonwhat their worlds were doing. Sydney did a full physicalnon her. Took blood samples and had her do a urine test. nHe told her that he would be a few minutes and be back with thenresults. Tommy logged onto his computer and was checkingnher personal e mails when New Jersey came back. He satndown and looked at her. \"I have some news for you. Innever heard you talk about this but I think you will be pleased. nYou're pregnant.\" First shock came to her, and then it sunknin. \"You assume well, I am pleased. I never would havenimagined I could.\" Sydney went on, \"We'll monitornthe situation, but I don't see anything. We need to find anno.b. though to know for sure.\" Tommy sat therenthinking, that she and Rawhide had made a baby. \"You arensure?\" \"You skipped your period, you're having morningnsickness, and the blood and urine test say so.\" Tommy gotnup. 'Thanks, I'm going for a walk then I'll tell Rawhide,nand Buckaroo. Keep it under till this afternoon.\" TommynBoy went outside. It was a cool day in March. She walkednto her favorite spot on the grounds, the falls in the garden. nShe went and sat down at the bench. Rawhide would be happy tonbe a father. There was no doubt in her heart. He lovednher and would rejoice in knowing. But reality bit atnher mind. In what discussions she had with Rawhide aboutnmarriage was that Britney had hurt him. Marriage left him sournon it. \"Who needs a certificate? You love someone younwork it out between the two of you.\" \"That is allnwell in good when it is just the two of you.\" Tommy Boy thought tonher self. With a baby on the way, how were they supposed tontake the necessary papers? She asked herself. She turned onnher go phone and asked for Rawhide. \"Rawhide here.\" \"Heyndarling,\" she smiled as she spoke to him.. \"I was startingnto worry. What did the doc say.\" \"What are youndoing?\" dodging his question on purpose \"Paperwork.\" \"Cannwe meet?\" \"Sure, are you okay?\" concern coming over thenline. \"I'm fine but I want to talk to you and it won'tnwait.\" \"Name where?\" \"The Falls.\" \"Benthere in five.\" Tommy Boy stood up and stood by the pondnthat collected the water from the falls. This was her place ofnreflection. Anything that was to her heart was usually revealednthere. She heard Rawhide come up the gravel path. It wasna fast walk for him. Rawhide came up beside her. Shenlooked at him with a face filled with conflict. He took her innhis arms and held her. She wrapped her arms around him. nTo feel his security was what she wanted. He moved to sit onnthe bench with her on his lap. She could feel his concern rise. \"Tommy, you okay?\" he asked quietly. Tommy tooknhis large hand and looked at it for a moment then took a deep breathnand looked into Rawhide's face. \"Sydney gave me a physicalnand did some urine and blood work up,\" she introduced the subject. n\"He came back with news that I didn't expect.\" \"Whatnis it?\" He was growing worried with possibilities. \"I'mnpregnant,\" she stated simply to him. Rawhide let the wordsnseep into his mind. Once they registered he stood up with hernin his arms and swung her around. He let out a big whoop. nTommy Boy couldn't help but laugh at him. He settled downnand hugged her. Rawhide could feel a tension in Tommy Boy still. n\"What's wrong?\" Shendidn't want to put a damper on his enthusiasm. But it wasnnagging at her though. She took a step towards the pond. n\"I...\" she didn't know how to say it without beingnblunt. Rawhide guessed what it was. They weren'tnmarried and she was pregnant. \"I got a surprise for you. nCome on.\" He took her hand and they started back to theninstitute with Tommy in tow. They walked up to the bunk floornand went to Buckaroo's office. Rawhide didn't knock, henjust went in. Buckaroo was at his desk reading. \"Gotnthat package back yet?\" Rawhide asked Buckaroo. Buckaroonopened his desk drawer and pulled out a jewelry box and threw it overnto his pal. Rawhide looked at Tommy. He cleared hisnthroat, getting ready to make the hardest speech he knew he had tonmake. \"Tommy. Four weeks ago you gave me the greatestngift of all. You showed your heart to me and to all the othersnthat you love me. You showed that you love me through evernessence that you had. After you fell asleep in my arms, Instayed awake thinking. What could I do for you to show younthat I loved you heart and soul. You followed what I asked, noncommitment. You love me yet you never asked for a commitment ofnmarriage because of my past. Tommy, I love you with my heartnand soul. You have been my life line several times, as yours. nI can't be a selfish bastard and not see that you deserveneverything I have. The next morning I asked Buckaroo toncontact Aunt Betsy and ask for Molly's rings. I had him do itnto keep it out of my mind. Buckaroo took three rings and had itnreset for you.\" Rawhide got down on one knee and opened thenjewelry box. Inside was a sapphire ring set with diamondsnaround it. Just like the rings she had seen years ago innEngland when they were window shopping. \"You remembered,\"nshe whispered. \"Tommy, will you marry me. Remembernthat I thought of this foyr weeks ago. Before you told me yournnews.\" Tears were running down her face. She said yesnand let him slip it on her finger. Not oversized butncomfortable to wear. She hugged him to her; they held thennkissed each other. Buckaroo watched his two friends make thencommitment. Then he interrupted to ask, \"What news?\" Tommynlaughed as did Rawhide. Rawhide looked to their friend behindnthe desk. \"You're to become an uncle.\" Buckaroonasked, \"What?\" \"Tommy is expecting,\" Rawhide told him. Buckaroo came around and gave her a hug and whoop to. nThey all laughed and hugged. Buckaroo looked to the two ofnthem. \"Guess that settles if we tour or not this fall.\" Rawhide agreed. \"We're not going on the road. Inwant to be here,\" he told her. She could see him beingnoverprotective already. \"Any idea of a date?\" \"Fournweeks, I won't be showing and it will give enough time to set up anparty.\" Buckaroo called to Mrs. Johnson. \"Page thenCavaliers to the bunk house. Be there in 10 minutes.\" Thengo phones pinned on and Mrs. Johnson announced that Buckaroo hadncalled a conference in the bunkhouse for them in 10 minutes. Rawhidenheld his fiancée in his arms and kissed her again. \"Yountwo are going to be mushy on me for awhile aren't you.\" \"Lovenis grand pal,\" Rawhide told him. Tommy laughed. Theynheaded for the bunkhouse and saw that everyone except Perfect Tommynwere there. Everyone was sitting in the conversation pit. \"Inhave a few announcements to make. First of all we will not bentouring this fall as addressed in the last meeting. nCircumstances have come up that I think you will approve of on whynthis has been decided. \"Second I would like to announcenthat we all will be guests to a wedding.\" Everyone rumblednaround about a wedding, who's wedding, I got plans, is what theynheard from the peanut gallery. PerfectnTommy came in then asking \"the only wedding that you could get mento break my plans for is if the two love birds of Tommy and Rawhidenget hitched.\" Tommy Boy came up behind Buckaroo and took thenfloor. \"Well I guess Perfect Tommy is going to have to breaknhis plans because he will be giving away the bride at the wedding.\" Tommy had discussed in theory on how a wedding would be. nHe asked questions like if you were to get married how would you likento have it. She told him exactly what she wanted. Onntheir way down the hall he had told her. 'You make thenarrangement and do what you want. I loved your ideas in thenpast. It's your day.' Cheers and whoops filled thenroom. Perfect Tommy turned around to look at Tommy. \"Younheard me my friend. You will be giving me away at my wedding.\" nPerfect Tommy hugged her. In their short time together they hadna friendship of their own. After getting a few looks of thenring and congratulations Buckaroo regained the floor. \"Thenreason we are staying home this fall is that apparently our birthdayncelebration a few weeks ago was a celebration of love and life. nTommy is expecting.\" Tommy looked at the group. \"Inknow that you wanted to tour this year. And if you want we canndo a limited tour this summer.\" Rawhide gave her an evilnglance. \"But this fall we are staying home to make sure allnis alright.\" He told them all. \"I agree with Rawhide, withncircumstances we should stay home. An album won't be verynhard to work on for everyone.\" Everyone agreed that an albumnwould be the way to go. That night... Tommynsat at the desk looking at the mirror they put on the wall behindnit. She looked at herself. She was 25. Her mom wasn25 when she was born. She wore on a necklace a ring that hadnbeen Lisa's. She didn't wear it till for years ago, afterngetting all her past out in the open and for her to come to termsnwith it. Rawhide was her rock for that period. nRawhide had been her friend since the day she moved into the housenwith them. Tears came to her eyes. Rawhide was watching hernfrom his rocker. He watched her stare at herself thinking hernthoughts. She touched the necklace with Lisa's ring. nRawhide saw the tears come to her eyes. He got up and walkednover to her. He touched her shoulder. She looked up atnthe reflection of them. \"I love you,\" she toldnhim. \"I love you.\" Rawhide looked back at hernthrough the mirror. Four weeks later... Fromnthe time of the announcement and the time of the wedding theninstitute had been put on alert once. Xan had tried toninfiltrate the institute. A small skirmish with the band hadnleft the institute shaken but standing. But the wedding wasngoing on as planned. The ceremony with the Cavaliers lookingnon would take place at the falls. A justice of the Peace wouldndo the service. And the reception was going to be at Arties,nwhere they would rock and roll and have fun. Tommy could stillnrock so she was planning on playing. Perfect Tommy was to givenher away. Peggy and Pecos would be her ladies. Rawhidenwas too backed by Buckaroo and Reno. Tommy found an mintncolored sun dress with a short jacket that a designer had done. nPeggy and Pecos had similar ones in shade of pink and lemon. nThe men wore suits. Tommy didn't want too much money spent. The ceremony was at two followed by a small reception for thenwitnesses. Then change and leave for Arties on the bus and meetnup with the group that would be there for the party. Thatnmorning... Tommy was sleeping with Rawhide. He wokenat 5. He held her against him. Today he was going to wednher. At times in his past he thought of her as a child and seennher grow to be his equal. They had scared each other more thannonce in their adventures with and for Buckaroo. They both hadnovercome their pasts to get to this point. Rawhide kissed hernbare shoulder. How he loved the woman that was beside him. nHe let his hand wonder down her body. Instinctly her body movednto give him greater access to what he wanted to touch. She wokento the feelings of Rawhide touching her. She turned to lookninto his face. She reached for his face then moved to kiss him. nThey made love to start out their day of special remembrance. Theynshowered and went for a work out for an hour. They knew itnwould be a stressful day to make sure things worked out so a work outnfor their body would relieve what stress their bodies held. Theynshowered and went down for breakfast. Rawhide was to make surenthat chairs were set at the falls for everyone and that the pool wasnset also for the tea and cake afterwards. There were thirtynguests for the ceremony and tea reception. Tommy was tonchill with the girls and get ready for the ceremony. She wasnhaving flowers strung into her hair and carry one lily. Theynall learned from Peggy's wedding. At one, Tommy satnat Peggy's makeup table and Peggy and Pecos worked on her hair. nWith her dress on and jacket, her hair done up, and short white lacengloves. Tommy looked like a fashion model. She looked atnherself in the long mirror. Rawhide would be astonished. nHe had seen her dress in elegant gowns and work with designers butnshe felt beautiful in and out for once in her life. Peggy worenthe pink dress and Pecos had lemon to contrast with her brown skin. nEach had lace gloves. At 1:45 Perfect Tommy knocked on thendoor. Peggy let him in the room. Perfect Tommy asked tonhave a minute or two alone with Tommy. Tommy gave a longnwhistle looking at Tommy Boy from head to toe. \"You lookngood.\" \"I'll take that as a complement PerfectnTommy.\" \"It is.\" He hugged her for a long moment. nThen he looked at her. \"Why am I giving you away? nSurely Buckaroo would be...\" \"Buckaroo as we both know isnRawhide's soul brother. I needed someone who is special tonme,\" she told him. \"You and I connected on levels thatnRawhide will never understand just because he is older. Fivenyears is a different in some values and senses. Plus you and Inhave a bond that I will not betray.\" Perfect Tommy nodded tonher. He walked over to her and gently he kissed her a longnkiss. \"I'll never forget you,\" he whispered to her tonhear. She laid her hands on his chest. \"I don't knownmany men.\" she told him. \"But ...\" He laid anfinger on her lips. \"No more lady. You are about to getnmarried.\" She smiled. A knock came to the door, \"Younready?\" Peggy asked. Tommy took a deep breath and let itnout. \"Shall we?\" Perfect Tommy offered his arm andnescorted her out the room. Peggy and Pecos were at the end ofnthe hall. They met up with them and went down the stairs andnout the back of the Institute. They walked to the gardens andnstopped for a moment. Reno has been on point to see when theyncame out of the institute and went up to the falls to let them knownto get ready. The music started. Pecos wentnfirst, then Peggy. Perfect Tommy escorted Tommy Boy down thenpath towards the falls. Tommy left it up to Rawhide tondecorate the area. She told him nothing would be nice. nThe back drop of the falls was enough. Rawhide wore a westernntux, Stetson and boots and all. Buckaroo the same. Renonbeing in another clothes league had on an Italian suit. Perfect Tommy and Tommy Boy came to a stop in front of not anjustice of the peace but the Minister of the church Rawhide had takennher to in Cody. She liked his sermons and views of life. nShe had told Rawhide that she wished most ministers were like that. In the small audience were Rawhide's Aunt and Uncle. nShe saw her grandmother and house Butler. She would overlooknthat with Rawhide for now. The minister went through the pompnand circumstance. Perfect Tommy gave her away to Rawhide. nHe shook Rawhide's hand and commented, \"You hurt her and you havento deal with me.\" Rawhide smirked with a half laugh,n\"Right.\" The Minister went on with the script, askingnbefore the audience and the heavens to see forth their union. ThennTommy and Rawhide said to each other their own verse of love andncherishment. Neither knew what the other was going to say butnwhat was said was how they felt about each other. \"It wasnsix years ago that I found a friend and teacher. It was fivenyears ago I found a soul mate. It was four years ago that Infound love and happiness. I look today to my love, friend andnsoul mate. I look to the future to be with thee.\" Tommy toldnRawhide. Then they could kiss. ","Summary":" BirthdaynParty TommynBoy packed Rawhide's bag for the week long seminar that he wasngoing to with B"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"Can't Deny It Any Longer","Author":"PennyHill","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5687329","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Can't Deny It Any Longer Characters: Primarily Perfect Tommy, Buckaroo Banzai, with references to Lady Gillette, Mrs. Robinson, Red River Daddy, and OC's. Summary: Created for Word of the Week Challenge. Week 3 Challenge Word, \"Tears\" (hurt/comfort). Perfect Tommy is having a difficult time coming to terms with Lady Gillette's death. Rating: R for language Warnings: References to and description of character death Disclaimer: I do not own any rights to any characters in the Buckaroo Banzai universe. Any OC's created are mine. \"Hey, Perfect Tommy, long time no see,\" the bouncer said upon seeing him. It was a genuinely warm and friendly greeting compared to the responses he had been giving out to the others behind the worn corded rope. Perfect Tommy immediately recognized him as the one called Little John. Little John, a nickname given in jest early on when he was hired by the club but was now so commonplace that no one knew him by any other name. His light hearted demeanor to Perfect Tommy was in stark contrast to his physical appearance. He was a full head taller than Tommy, with shoulders and chest built like a NFL lineman, a shaved head that was shiny smooth, and a fierce looking goatee. Under the glow of the street lamps Perfect Tommy noticed that it was tinged with gray. It was something that he had never noticed before and he didn't understand why of all nights he would tonight. Perfect Tommy took Big John's outstretched hand and gripped it as tightly as he could. Big John grinned and in response nearly crushed Tommy's hand. Seeing his grimace, Big John relaxed his grip, just only so slightly though. \"Keep working out boy and someday you'll be as big as I am,\" he said with a chuckle. \"Yeah, sure thing man,\" somberly replied Perfect Tommy as he slapped him on the shoulder with his free hand. A look of confusion crossed Big John's face at the uncharacteristic tone. He was ready to ask him if he was okay but Tommy was already pulling away from his grip and turning to walk in to the club. Big John opened his hand and saw a crushed up hundred dollar bill. \"Thanks man,\" he yelled after him but he doubted if Perfect Tommy heard him above the noise. Huh, that's quite a bit more than usual, he thought to himself as he took one last look at the fifty before stuffing it into his pocket. CBGB & OMFUG was located on Bleeker Street in New York City. It was just one of Perfect Tommy's many clubs that he would visit on occasion while in the city. It was nothing special to look at from the outside. It was in a plain red brick building like next to other plain red brick buildings. Other than the dirty white canvas banner with CBGB in bright red letters, one could pass it by without taking a second glance. It started back in the mid-1970's as a place to hear Punk and Alternative rock. It was small, dimly lit from the fluorescent tube and neon sign lighting, and the original brick walls were covered with decades of old band posters, stickers, and spray-painted graffiti. From the décor, one could easily wonder why Perfect Tommy chose it as one of his special spots. It wasn't new, it wasn't flashy, it wasn't pristine, and certainly didn't conform to any standards. But that's why Perfect Tommy chose it. It was the anti-establishment, perfected. Nowadays it hosted may different kinds of music. One only had to go to its website to see the current event schedule. But even so, on most nights it would still hold true to its roots. Fortunately for Tommy, tonight was one of those nights. He was in no mood for any sappy music. Making his way down the main aisle past the stage and mixing area, Perfect Tommy headed straight to the bar, miraculously found an open stool, and sat down, facing the stage. One of the three barkeeps working this busy night came over. Perfect Tommy looked him down. He was a young looking kid dressed in a black tee shirt with some sort of scroll-work screen print and faded jeans. Tommy thought that it may have been one of the owner's sons but he wasn't' sure. He had one of those faces that looked familiar but didn't. The kid took his rag and quickly wiped down the bar in front of Tommy. He looked Tommy over as well and if he recognized him, he didn't acknowledge it. He leaned in close so that Tommy could hear him above the band that had just started their next set. The smell of some teeny-bopper body spray cut through all of the odors, both from the club and from the patrons. \"What can I getcha tonight?\" \"A glass and some Jim Beam Black… Leave the bottle,\" replied Perfect Tommy matter-of-factly. For as busy as they were, it only took a few minutes before the kid came back with Perfect Tommy's order. Sensing Tommy's brooding he opened the bottle, and poured some of the brown liquid, all without so much of a word. \"Thanks,\" was his mumbled response. He didn't know if the kid heard him or not. Frankly he didn't care either. \"You've been standing there a long time.\" In the dimly lit room, Buckaroo Banzai was leaning back in a chair next to Lady Gillette's bed with his back to the door. He was softly noodling an old tune on his old classic acoustic guitar. No matter what he played though, always in the background was the haphazard beep or whir of one of the many machines. The institute had its own medical facility. Primarily it was used for research in to the advancement of biomedical technology and depending on the case, would treat outside patients on an experimental basis. Unfortunately on more than one occasion, the facility had to be used to treat its own. \"Haven't heard you play that guitar in a long time either,\" was Perfect Tommy's whispered reply as he leaned on the door jam. Buckaroo continued playing without missing a beat. \"You remember me telling you that this was the first guitar I bought?\" He was there since he and New Jersey had been personally splitting the shifts the past few nights. Not from lack of trust from any of the interns, but out of duty for a comrade in arms. \"Yeah… yeah, I do.\" They both were aware of how quiet the Institute was. Not eerily quiet, but the kind of sobering quiet when everyone and everything down to the very foundations is waiting for the inevitable to happen. Sporadically one would hear a small group of interns whispering down the hallways or small noises from one of the many labs, but the stillness always returned. Buckaroo played his last note and then laid his fingers on the strings to quiet them. He slowly turned around. Tommy was gone. \" You're shittin' me.\" \" Does it look like I'm bullshittin' anyone?\" \" There's no way that Buck would let anyone near, let alone touch, his Epiphone. Last time I reached for it, laser beams came out of his eyeballs and cut me in half. Wanna see the scar?\" Perfect Tommy saw Little John easily approach through the card. He wasn't drunk enough to not notice him, at least not yet. Little John squeezed his big frame in between a neighboring customer, who started to protest then thought better of it, and Tommy. He was smiling, ready to fire off a smart-ass remark before he saw the half empty bottle. His eyebrow furled a little. \"Hitting it a lil' hard?\" There was no reason to shout since the band had completed its set. But Little John's voice still easily cut thru the din. With one hand Perfect Tommy idly played with the shot glass. He was making the remnants of one lonely ice cube swirl around the bottom. He heard Little John but didn't bother looking up. \"It wasn't until a little bit ago that one of the other fellows told me about… about what happened to that woman in your group.\" He was getting personal but it didn't stop him from him doing his job. He let his eyes scan the crowd, making sure that there weren't any signs of trouble. \"You don't have to say what happened. All the papers have been saying that it was undetermined … and that's fine by me brother.\" He turned his attention back to Tommy, reached around him, and shook the bottle of Jim Bean. \"All I'm gonna' say is that you don't have to go there.\" Perfect Tommy didn't move. \"Fucking rain,\" he muttered aloud to no one in particular. \"I know Tommy, I know,\" replied Mrs. Robinson as she reached with her free hand to soothingly stroke his arm a few times. \"It's not gonna make the day any easier.\" As they carefully picked their way across the soggy ground, Mrs. Robinson distractedly asked, \"You have a really nice trench coat on. Where'd you get it?\" Large puddles formed outside of the tent and before she knew it, Mrs. Robinson was off of her feet, swooped around and was standing underneath it. Perfect Tommy held her tight against him, his free arm firmly hugging her around her small waist. Before she could look up at him to thank him, she felt his warm breath against her neck. It made her tingle and she prayed that Tommy didn't feel it, but she knew better. He could make nearly any woman tingle for that matter. He felt Mrs. Robinson's tenseness and knew that she was trying to control herself. He always had had fun teasing her and this time it wasn't much different. Except, well just except. With lips brushing against her ear, he whispered, \"It was a gift from the Lady.\" Perfect Tommy caught the kid's eye and pointed at the nearly empty bottle. \"Another one.\" The kid stopped his conversation with the young buxom blond he had been trying to charm. Feeling cocky with the need to impress he yelled back, \"Don't think so pal.\" Then he turned his attention back to the female. He leaned over the bar, gently brought her head closer to his and whispered something in her ear. It made her giggle. The rebellious attitude infuriated Tommy. He got up, roughly pushed aside a few patrons, and slammed his shot glass down on the bar in front of the kid. The sudden and unexpected appearance and noise of solid glass on wood brought a small scream of exclamation and cursing from the female. Her head snapped around and after taking one look at Tommy's face shut her up and she cringed away from him. Perfect Tommy growled, \"I shaid I wanted another one.\" Did I just slur? Whatever. The kid remained surprisingly calm. He might have been young but he had been tending bar for a long time. He wasn't phased by Perfect Tommy's actions. He straightened up to his full height and nearly matched Tommy eye for eye. \"One full bottle per customer… that's the limit. So you might as well take your attitude outside or else I'll get Little John to do it for you.\" The other nearby customers gradually hushed their conversations, waiting to see what would happen next. Some prepped their cell phones, ready to take that infamous publicity shot for TMZ of a drunken Perfect Tommy totally losing it. Perfect Tommy ran some of his fingers through his hair out of frustration. He felt the heat rising to his face and he really wanted to throttle the kid. His fingers clench together in to fists. The feeling evaporated. The kid wasn't worth it. Not tonight at least. \"Sorry.\" He put on the best apologetic face he could but he was sure it came out more like a smirk. \"Lemme get you something for your trouble.\" He reached inside his jacket pocket and pushed a button. Then he fumbled around some more, willing his fingers to make their fine movements. He found a crumbled up bill and threw it at the kid. He didn't have to wait too long. He had activated his micro electromagnetic target pulse emitter. Being the prototype it still took a few minutes to charge, but when it released, it always did with small, but pleasing fanfare. It didn't let him down again. In rapid succession the bar lights went out in little poofs of smoke causing confusion and chaos among his fellow patrons. Amongst the upheaval no one ever notice him taking his unfinished bottle of Jim Beam. Satisfied, he walked unsteadily past the crowd and left the club. Block after block nothing seemed to change. Walk across the street, pass by cold faced buildings dimly lit by street lamps, then come to the next street. The only bright spot was passing an all-night grocery. Since they were in New York, they could sell alcohol. Putting on his best appearance, he waltzed into the store, picked out a pretty new bottle, spoke enough perfect Chinese to impress the female cashier, and then left. \" Are you going to be my geisha girl tonight?\" \" Maybe… maybe not.\" \" But kubu gan gilian. \" \" What did you just call me!?\" \" I didn't call you anything. I just said that I wanted to have sex with you.\" He wasn't sure how much further he walked. All he could comprehend was that he was now in a small park and his legs were complaining bitterly; they didn't want to take him any further. Feeling full, he forced himself to stagger over to a nearby tree. He tripped over one of the large roots sticking up out of the ground and he went crashing into the trunk. \"Shon of a bitch,\" he mumbled as he clawed his way back up to a standing position while trying to brush off the loose bark and dirt. He held up the sparkly bottle of clear spirits and squinted, trying to examine it in the near darkness. \"Don't think… it's… broke,\" he stated to no one in particular. He gently put it on the ground next to him, unzipped his pants, and started to do what he had originally planned to do. Then it happened. BANG! A lone gunshot pierced the wee early morning. BANG! ………. BANG! Two more gunshots had rung out. Taken aback with surprise and shock, Perfect Tommy stopped relieving himself and pushed his back in to the tree. He dug his fingers into the bark. Frantically, he looked around for the shooter or shooters, gasping for breath as he did so. Seeing no one, fleeting thoughts as to what he should do next scratched at his mind. G! I need some cover over here! And just when did that become part of the plan? Just now! His knees buckled but he held on. He vainly shook his head to try to clear it; to try to make sense out of what was real and what was memory. BOOM! Another lone gunshot that sounded more like from a shotgun thundered thru the air. Looking out across the park he saw a street with a few cars passing by. He didn't know if it was the one he had been walking on or a different one, but it made no difference. All he wanted to do was to get somewhere public, go someplace where there were people, go someplace… noisy. He started to run ungainly across the park, drifting from side to side, trying to keep his balance. He didn't care that he was out in the open. His only thought was getting to the street. He was only half way across the park when his body rebelled. He bowled over, clutching at his stomach. The dizziness and the sickness caused him to drop to his hands and knees. The empty warehouse was near the East River at South Street. The business arrangements were complicated but the bottom line was that a local real estate company was leasing it to a front company and yada yada yada, it all went back back to the World Crime League. Meeting tonight were the Archbishop's toadies. Trailing them had taken months and led them halfway around the world and back. But it was important. Get the lead toadie and they would get the Archbishop's location. Perfect Tommy and Lady Gillette were to lead the mission. They would silently drop in, flush out the lead toadie, and the perimeter force would cover the exits to trap them. It had gone horrifically wrong. The warehouse wasn't empty. There was a maze of cargo boxes from top to bottom. There was at least fifty, if not more, men than expected. The Institute had received some bad, very bad intel indeed. And damn it to hell they had her. He was in a load of trouble and she was the only one nearby who could help. She had to leave her position to give him cover fire. He got out of his scrap but it left her vulnerable. And they discovered it all too easily. The lieutenant had Lady G in a choke hold and his knife had already penetrated her throat. The blood slowly trickled down her neck. He knew who she was and her legendary hand combat capabilities. The knife point buried in her throat was what was keeping her in check, not the other thirty some odd men in various defensive positions around them. The blood of ten men was on the ground before they subdued her. \"Come out, come out, wherever you are.\" The chilling words echoed through the warehouse. The lieutenant pushed the knife in further. Lady's G sharp intake of breath pierced the heavy air. Perfect Tommy knew it was a death trap. A snowball in hell had a better chance then what he and Lady G had. Cursing he moved out from his cover, keeping his gun trained on the lieutenant. \"Ah…. There you are,\" the lieutenant sneered. The roar of jet engines grew louder and louder. It was their escape craft. The lieutenant had to shout to be heard. \"Too bad, so sad Perfect Tommy.\" The lieutenant released his choke hold and before either Lady G could try to move or Perfect Tommy get off a decent shot, the crack of gunfire erupted. Lady G fell forward in a heap. The lieutenant's men opened fire forcing Perfect Tommy to dive back under cover. \"NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!\" There was a new eruption of jet fire. Before it faded away Perfect Tommy was at Lady G's body. \"No, no, no!\" He screamed. He rolled her on to her back and saw the blood gushing through her armored vest. From his cargo pants he grabbed the clotting caulk and then ripped open her vest. \"Come on baby, hang on.\" Frantically he pumped the caulk into every open wound. With a free hand he tapped open a communication channel. \"Man down! Man down!\" Lady G's eyes flickered open for a moment and she grabbed at Perfect Tommy's arm. Then those very same blue eyes rolled back up in her head and her body spastically arched. She let loose a gurgle and thick dark blood erupted from her mouth. Then she was still. In a pool of blood, Perfect Tommy was giving her CPR when the medical team arrived. He violently wretched out the foul contents of his stomach one last time before he collapsed and rolled over a few times on to his back. You're done up good this time Tommy. All I did was go out with the boys. My point exactly. He heard two sets of footsteps approaching him. He rolled over on to his side, the cool wet grass crushing up against the side of his cheek and forehead. It felt cold even against his clammy skin. The two figures were now on top of him. His mind screamed that he had to get up, he had to defend himself. For all he knew they could have been more of the Archbishop's henchmen. Guided by instinct, his free arm on its own accord reached around to the back of his pants, pulled out his Bursa Thunder and pointed in the figures' direction. He felt two hands take his arm and push it down with surprising strength. \"Easy Tommy, easy.\" Through the haze he thought he recognized the voice. \"Buck?\" \"Red, any more word on those gunshots?\" \"The station's reporting that they were fired a few blocks from here with suspects on the run. We shouldn't hang around her too long.\" \"Understood. Help me get him up.\" Buckaroo paused and scanned the area across the park. \"I see there's a bench near the other street over there. We should be alright there for a little bit. At least long enough for you to get the jet car.\" His nose crinkled a little bit as Tommy started to heave again. \"Oh, and you may want to watch where you step.\" Perfect Tommy slowly opened his eyes. It took him a second to figure out where he was. Then he realized that he was back in his room, and in his own bed. He quickly scanned the room. Nothing had been moved since he had been last there. His papers and books were still messily stacked on his desk and on his book shelves and on the floor. The only pristine areas were his dressers and weapons cache. He heard a familiar voice off to the side. \"There's Listerine on your nightstand.\" It was Buckaroo. \"Thanks,\" he managed to croak out. His mouth had the bad aftertaste of vomit and booze and it nearly made him gag again. He pushed himself up to a sitting position and then swung his legs around. The quick motion gave him a head rush and he had to steady himself for another second before reaching for the Listerine. Buckaroo was sitting between the bed and the door. He waited for Perfect Tommy to finish the first round of cleaning his mouth out before asking \"Do you remember anything?\" \"More than I'd like.\" He kept his head down to avoid Buckaroo's probing eyes. Before Buckaroo could comment any further, Mrs. Robinson entered the room with a tray full of covered dishes. \"Buck, I brought you something for supper.\" It wasn't until she handed the tray off to him that she became aware of Perfect Tommy sitting up. \"Hey, you're up! Welcome back to the land of the living.\" \"Yeah, thanks, I missed you too,\" replied Tommy, his head barely moving to look at her. It thumped like hell. Mrs. Robinson frowned. \"Don't sound so happy. Anyway, I didn't bring anything for you since I thought you were still out. Out of the goodness of my heart, I'll still go back to the commissary to get you something though.\" Holding his head in his hands, he grumbled back, \"I don't think that I want anything.\" \"You're going to have to eat something. As soon as you were brought back, Buck and New Jersey pumped your stomach out, so there's nothing in you.\" Mrs. Robinson folded her arms across her chest in preparation of another round of defiance. Sometimes dealing with Perfect Tommy was like dealing with a child. This time however, there wasn't any comeback. Through his hands, Perfect Tommy mumbled, \"Is that true?\" If it was, then oh shit. \"That and we gave you two saline bags to make sure you stay dehydrated,\" was Buckaroo's dry response. Oh shit indeed. \"Mrs. Robinson, why don't you go off and bring back a light meal for Tommy?\" Mrs. Robinson glanced down at Buckaroo. It didn't take a rocket scientist to know when she was the third wheel on a date. Each of them had dealt with Lady Gillette's death in their own way. She thought that Perfect Tommy had been handling it as best as he could, like the rest of them. Obviously she had been very wrong. \"Sure, no problem.\" She made sure to close the bedroom door behind her. Buckaroo took the supper tray and gently placed it on the floor next to his chair. Tommy… where do I start? This was a bad, an exceptionally bad trip. For a few minutes neither said anything. Perfect Tommy didn't move a muscle. He was hunched over, his hands still holding his head. Buckaroo didn't envy the hangover he was experiencing. He let his eyes wander away and instead stared out the window. It was full moon and the only glow came from the building's outdoor spotlights. It was Perfect Tommy who broke the silence. Barely a whisper, but it really didn't need to be spoken loud for Buckaroo to hear it. \"I'm sorry.\" Buckaroo stretched and leaned forward in his chair a little. \"You had us worried. We had all of the BBI's looking for you. We didn't know if,\" \"Some of the Archbishop's goons or worse got to me?\" Perfect Tommy interjected. \"Can you blame us? We found your communicator in Delaware and your motorcycle abandoned near the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge.\" Buckaroo sighed. Perfect Tommy had taken off before but usually it was only for a day or two at most. Not for nearly a week. Perfect Tommy stood up, a little unsteady at first, but quickly regaining his balance. He brushed past Buckaroo and walked over to his dresser. \"So how did you find me?\" he asked as he fished around for a clean tee shirt. \"You were fortunate that someone named Little John called in.\" Buckaroo didn't bother turning around. He sensed that Perfect Tommy was starting the dance again. Tommy apologizes, Buckaroo states how concerned the team was, Tommy promises not to do it again, all which works for a little while. But this time is different. This time, Perfect Tommy had a different goal and it wasn't to have a good time. \"Little John's a bouncer at a club. He's a good man.\" \"Yeah, he told us how concerned he was when he saw you stagger out of that place,\" Buckaroo replied. As usual, his mind wasn't quiet and he made a mental note to contact Little John to see if he wanted to join up as a Blue Blaze Irregular. Perfect Tommy put on his tee shirt then paused to look in the mirror. He figured that he looked like crap and his reflection didn't disappoint. Feeling weak again, he headed back to his bed. Mrs. Robinson was right. Until he got something back in his stomach besides alcohol and a few days' rest he wouldn't be back to normal. He curled up underneath the covers and crunched up the pillow around his head. His head pounded worse than before. \"I really appreciate you and New Jersey looking after me but you don't have to babysit me anymore tonight.\" His tone was a little rough. Buckaroo knew eventually that he and Perfect Tommy would need to stop with the pleasantries. It was just a question of when. And if he didn't help Tommy now, it was only bound to get worse. \"Tommy, Lady G made a choice, like all of us have. She knew what the consequences could be.\" Perfect Tommy didn't immediately answer. But when he did it was a half-hearted attempt to deflect the blame on to someone else. \"She didn't have to join us. You could have stopped her.\" \"Really?\" was Buckaroo's response. He didn't have to say anything more. They both knew the answer to that question. Buckaroo leaned far forward in his chair. \"Tommy, none of us is having an easy time with this. And I know what you're going through,\" Buckaroo stated empathetically. The dam finally broke. The voice turned hard and angry. \"No you don't.\" A red faced Perfect Tommy emerged from the pillow and he sat straight up. Tears, never before seen by another set of eyes, started to run down his face. He pointed his finger at Buckaroo and growled, \"You never had Peggy's blood on your hands. She was already dead and gone when you showed up.\" Comparing Peggy's death like that hit a nerve but he remained cool. \"Saying that I didn't suffer as much as you because I didn't see Peggy suffer? You know that's not true.\" Perfect Tommy wanted to run away, pound the wall, just do something. Feeling weak again with the bile rising to his throat he fell back onto his pillow. He crossed his arms to shield his eyes from the overhead light. It hurt, but not nearly as bad as what he was feeling inside now. It frustrated him knowing that Buckaroo was right. The man had gone through hell and back. He couldn't deny that. Buckaroo added quietly, \"If I could've turned back time to be with her, I would've have done it. As horrific as it was, you were there. Don't forget that.\" Rolling on to his side away from Buckaroo, Perfect Tommy replied, his voice cracking a little, \"Buck, she shouldn't have died like that. Violent deaths are for scum lords like Xan. I made her blow her cover to help me. And she ended up looking like a piece of Swiss cheese. Why would anyone want to remember that?\" \"That's not the kind of remembrance I was talking about. She knew that you were there. She knew the risk and did it anyway. You know deep down that she would have done that for any one of us in trouble. That's what you remember.\" Buckaroo rose from his chair and sat down on the now open space of the bed. He tentatively raised his arm, and then gently placed his hand on Perfect Tommy's shoulder. He felt the initial flinch but then it relaxed. \"And it's okay to hear her voice in your mind. At first, it's going to be there all the time. Every action you do, every thought you make, it's going to trigger some memory of her. And it'll be bad. Trust me, this I know. But in time, it'll become easier. It never goes away completely. But it'll be easier.\" He gave Perfect Tommy's shoulder a firm, but yet gentle squeeze. Perfect Tommy took in a few deep breaths. Choked with uncommon emotion he whispered, \"You know I never loved anyone like that before.\" The unexpected confession startled Buckaroo. He knew it, but he just never expected Tommy to say it out loud. \"I know Tommy, I know.\" He didn't have to say anything more. Perfect Tommy trembled and with his sharp, irregular intake of breaths, he knew that he was releasing his agony. He sat there a long while with his hand on his friend's shoulder. And he would have sat there all night if he had to. After a while the trembling stopped and Perfect Tommy's breathing became more regular. Buckaroo's communicator started to vibrate. He opened it up and read the text message. \"Do you want some tea?\" Buckaroo asked. \"It's Mrs. Robinson and she's asking if everything's okay.\" Perfect Tommy shifted his body and sat up. He looked up at Buckaroo and saw nothing but warmth and reassurance. He knew that he had a long way to go but tonight was the first step. \"Tell her that tea would be great.\" ","Summary":" Title: Can't Deny It Any Longer Characters: Primarily Perfect Tommy, Buckaroo Banzai, with referenc"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"Emily's Favorite Game","Author":"PennyHill","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5705715","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : Emily's Favorite Game Characters : Buckaroo Banzai, Pecos, Perfect Tommy, Rawhide, Dr. Hikita, and OC's. Summary : Created for Word of the Week Challenge. Week 4 Challenge Word, \"Head Conk\". Improbabilities run amok on the Institute's grounds. Rating : PG-13 Warnings : None Disclaimer : I do not own any rights to any characters in the Buckaroo Banzai universe. Any OC's created are mine. \"Stay calm? STAY CALM?!?! How in the hell am I supposed to stay calm at a time like this?!\" exclaimed Perfect Tommy. He and Pecos were running along the main gray stone wall surrounding the Institute's property. Buckaroo had instructed them to do a quick security check to make sure that no one else was affected by the small blast that occurred in one of the lab room's in the northwest corner of the building. Pecos thought of Buckaroo's parting warning. Oh, and you may want to take care not to be seen by the public. It may cause them unnecessary panic. It may cause them unnecessary panic. The words reverberated in her head. She quickly glanced over to her companion. His eyes were unusually wide with fear and they anxiously darted around. She briefly wondered if hers looked the same to him. She shouted as loud as her new voice would let her, \"It could be worse! At least we have something productive to do!\" Perfect Tommy shook his head. They were nearing the end of their sweep and fortunately no one else seemed to be affected by the blast. It appeared to be confined to the inside of the lab room and the immediate area outside of it. Having no further business outside, they both headed back to the lab room. Perfect Tommy and Pecos walked in to the lab. Fortunately the blast amounted to nothing more than a concussion wave. The only damage was the mess caused by papers and any other lightweight objects being littered about. They found Mr. Greiner sitting on the floor next to his wife. \"Is she injured?\" asked Pecos. Mr. Greiner turned his attention away from his wife and looked up at her. Through his wide eyes there was a mixture of concern and resentment. \"I think that she's fine,\" was his terse response. Pecos bit her lip to prevent herself from making any snide remarks about his recent behavior and instead turned her attention to the others in the room. Mr. Greiner's son Frederick, Buckaroo, and Dr. Hikita were huddled around the far lab table. Dr. Hikita was speaking rapidly but in a hushed tone, and he was pointing out something to Buckaroo. In return, Buckaroo was nodding in agreement to everything that was being said. Perfect Tommy started to pace back and forth across the lab. Pecos sensed the frustration in him and when they made eye contact, made sure her silent look said it all. Cool it. They didn't need to have another round of the shouting match that occurred earlier in the afternoon. Accusations had flown freely and ranged from one encampment faulting the Institute for lack of supervision to the other encampment accusing Frederick's parents of pushing him to overachieve. Was there a neutral ground? If there was, it didn't exist in that room at that particular moment. Peco's thoughts were interrupted by Rawhide's question. \"Guys… when was the last time you saw Greiner's daughter?\" Everyone froze and turned their attention to him. He was intently staring outside at something in the courtyard below the lab. \"And what was she playing with before you got here?\" Frederick whispered, \"Emily wasn't playing anything. But she loves to play Whack-A-Mole when we're at Boardwalk Boulevard Arcade.\" The silence was deafening until Perfect Tommy started to laugh, quietly at first then it grew in intensity. He laughed so hard that he started to cry. \"Tommy, its not that funny,\" snapped Pecos. He wiped the tears from his eyes and drew in a deliberate deep breath, causing a whistle. \"Look at us,\" he gestured at his furry body with what used to be his hands. \"Boy Wonder over there reads Douglas Adams' book and takes it to heart.\" He glanced over at Frederick and then to his parents. He added sarcastically, \"Maybe they'll love me if I make my own stinking improbability drive.\" Mr. Greiner jumped up from the floor and took a few threatening steps towards Perfect Tommy. \"I won't have you speaking like that about my son!\" Pecos, with arms stretched out wide out, interceded between the two men. \"ENOUGH!\" she screamed. Out of the corner of her eye a shadow crossed in front of the windows. \"We have bigger problems to deal with. Ain't that right Rawhide?\" With her question, Mr. Greiner and Perfect Tommy gave one last parting glare to each other and then looked out the lab windows. Mr. Greiner replied, \"I don't see anything.\" Rawhide slowly backed away from the window. \"You will in a second or two. It seems like that little improbability drive, while it didn't transport anybody had another lasting after effect.\" They all knew that whatever Rawhide saw couldn't be good. Buckaroo placed his paws on Frederick's shoulders. \"You've told Dr. Hikita and I everything we need to know in order to reverse this. You better go over and help your dad get your mom out of here. Understood?\" Frederick stood up a little bit straighter in response but fear was still clearly etched on his face. \"What about Emily?\" \"Don't worry about Emily,\" Buckaroo replied. He pointed over to Rawhide, Pecos, and Perfect Tommy. \"They'll go get her and we'll fix her. We'll fix everyone. Okay?\" After watching Frederick run back over to his parents, he was ready to further elaborate on his plan but was interrupted by a rather large head with huge blond curls peering in through the window. \"EMILY!\" screamed Mrs. Greiner. She tried to pull away from her husband but both he and Frederick held her fast. Emily's giggle at hearing her mother's voice echoed through the lab. Buckaroo turned around to face Dr. Hikita. \"Take the Greiner's and the improbability drive down to your lab to make the reversement. You should be safe there. When you're done meet us in the courtyard.\" Dr. Hikita placed his paw over Buckaroo's heart. \"Be careful.\" Then as quickly as he could he made his way to the door where the Greiner's were still standing. \"So what's the plan?\" Rawhide asked without taking his focus off of Emily. She was still staring in the window looking for her mother. He wondered how long it was going to take her to realize that her mother wasn't there and how long after that the meltdown would take place. \"We need to keep Emily occupied until Dr. Hikita is done,\" Buckaroo answered. Perfect Tommy rolled his eyes. \"Sure no problem boss. Should be a piece of cake since we look like a bunch of fluffy furry moles and her idea of a fun time is to carry around a large hammer to smack 'em.\" \"Is that what you're really thinkin' Buck?\" Rawhide asked with all seriousness. He knew that it was an obvious question with an obvious answer but he said it aloud anyway. In their current state there wasn't much more that they could do. Buckaroo signaled his agreement with a simple, \"Let's go.\" Both Rawhide's and Perfect Tommy's assessment of Emily were well founded. As they were running down the stair steps to the courtyard they heard Emily's scream of frustration. It resounded through the Institute. Pecos off-handedly commented, \"Mrs. Robinson's going to have her hands full with the news calls now.\" It didn't take long for Emily to catch sight of them after they entered the courtyard. Her crying turned to giggling then to joyous laughter. It was then that all four took notice of her full height. The top of her curls easily matched the height of the large oak trees. Then they saw her large plastic hammer. In disbelief, Perfect Tommy stopped in his tracks and exclaimed, \"Oh no! Oh hell no!\" Rawhide gave him one hard push from behind and said roughly, \"Better get moving Scrappy.\" Frederick walked over to where Rawhide sat on the ground, holding an ice bag to his head. \"I'm really sorry about what I did Rawhide. I should've asked Mr. Banzai first.\" Rawhide looked up at him. It was just a 12 year old boy standing there who didn't know he did a bad thing until after the fact. He didn't need to add insult to injury by belittling him any further. As gently as he could given the throbbing pain from his head, he replied, \"Its okay Frederick.\" \"What do you think will happen to Frederick now?\" Pecos asked Rawhide as they watched Frederick run back over to his mother and sister. Nearby Mr. Greiner was gesturing wildly at Buckaroo, Dr. Hikita, and Perfect Tommy. Rawhide looked over in the same direction. \"I don't know Pecos. Frederick was the youngest intern we ever had around here and I told Buckaroo that we might be asking for trouble, parents permission slip or not.\" Perfect Tommy sauntered over to Rawhide and Pecos. \"How's your head big guy?\" \"How 'bout you help me to my feet first and then I'll let you know,\" he grumbled. Pecos saw the Greiner's walk back in to the Institute with Buckaroo and Dr. Hikita in tow. As she and Perfect Tommy helped Rawhide to his feet, she asked, \"So what's going to happen to Frederick?\" \"Leave it to Buck to work out some sort of probation period. He's going to be allowed to continue to work on his other project one day a week.\" Meanwhile, from his back pocket, Rawhide pulled out Emily's large plastic hammer. In one swift motion he hit Perfect Tommy as hard as he could on the back of his head. A loud squeak came out of the hammer. \"Ow!\" Perfect Tommy cried out as he rubbed the new sore spot. Rawhide grinned. \"One point.\" ","Summary":" Title : Emily's Favorite Game Characters : Buckaroo Banzai, Pecos, Perfect Tommy, Rawhide, Dr. Hiki"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"Buckaroo Banzai and the Nuclear Christmas","Author":"Mojave Dragonfly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2732241","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This story was submitted to the Yuletide Challenge for 2005. Perfect Tommy sped westrnalong the dark highway, enjoying the power, the noise, the sheer speed of his Harley. Patches of ice, darker than thernasphalt, lurked to spring on the unwary traveler, making his journeyrnthat much more challenging. Tommy was cold - most bikers would findrna warm car to drive in the dark of December - but Tommy was perfect,rnand didn't mind the cold. About a mile from the Banzai Institute thernroad rose to a crest and he had an unobstructed view of the sky.rnUnobstructed, that is, except for the industrial haze that hid thernstars but wasn't thick enough to hide the flying sleigh pulled byrnnine flying reindeer that arced across his path like a shooting star. Inside the BanzairnInstitute for Biomedical Engineering and Strategic Information, PennyrnPriddy sat staring out the large lobby window at the frozen DelawarernRiver beyond. On the low table before her what looked like a child'srnconstruction using a toy of plastic globes with tubes protruding andrninterconnecting, sat abandoned. Across the room Mrs. Johnson sat atrna desk, doing payroll by the glow of a kaleidoscope lamp. RenornNevada kept her company, sitting nearby and picking out Christmasrntunes on a harpsichord. ","Summary":" A/N: This story was submitted to the Yuletide Challenge for 2005. Perfect Tommy sped westrnalong th"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"Finding Inspiration","Author":"chronicler-of-knuckles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5646058","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Finding Inspiration By The Chronicler Reno Nevada…. …….chronicler of the Banzai Institute, the Hong Kong Cavaliers, and all other amazing characters to pass his way….. ….. had writer's block. \"And what a hell of a time to have it too.\" he growled at himself. He leaned back in his chair and ran his fingers through his black hair. It wasn't as if the Cavaliers had been quiet the last few months. There was that whole mess at the Fair with teddy bear heads flying this way and that; the archeological dig that dug up dragon bones AND the mad scientist that tried to clone a real live, fire breathing dragon; Perfect Tommy got kidnapped… again! (they were gonna have to get a leash for that boy); won't even talk about Knuckles; oh and cool and collected, always in control Rawhide punching Mickey Mouse in the nose when the giant, alcoholic mouse got a little too friendly with TommyBoy; Tommy Boy kicking the hell out of said drunk mouse while explaining to Rawhide in no uncertain terms that she could take care of herself; Rawhide and Tommy Boy having to drag Minnie Mouse off of Mickey before she killed him in front of several children, families, and camera clicking Japanese tourist. They probably won't be getting another gig at Disney Land for awhile. But, then again, dude playing Mickey probably won't be back either. The whole last half of the year had been adventure after adventure after explosion after what the hell was that?! And, despite all that, here he sat, master of the English language, magician of the written word, unable to think of a single thing to write. Pecos came up behind him and, wrapping her arms around his shoulders, proceeded to nibble on his ear. Reno closed his eyes and let out a long, tired sigh. \"I'm late for our date, aren't I?\" Pecos chuckled against his ear. \"Baby, our date was, literally, last year.\" Reno frowned. He glanced at the clock on the bottom of his screen. 12:23am \"Ah, crap.\" he groaned, closing his eyes again. \"Pecos, I'm sorry. No excuse. I'm an idiot.\" He shook his head angrily. \"Stupid, wordless idiot.\" Pecos straightened up and smacked him on the back of the head. \"Ow!\" Reno cried. He looked up at her, shocked despite missing their New Year's date. \"What was that for?!\" Hands on hips, head swaying dangerously, looking very much like that rough and tough, S.F. gang punk she was as a kid, Pecos let him know \"You insult my man, you insult me.\" The writer smiled slightly. \"Fine. I'm one hot, smoking babe with a great rack.\" Pecos smiled right back. \"You got a pretty fine ass too.\" As if he had forgotten, she turned and started to walk away, giving each step an extra bounce. Reno quickly spun his chair around, grabbed her back belt loop, and pulled her back into his lap. Something between a squeal and a giggle escaped her as she pretended to put up a fight. But Reno wrapped his arms around her and held her close until she finally collapsed, surrendering. He let her twist about until she could wrap her arms around his neck and give him a good, long kiss. When she pulled away just enough to see his eyes, she whispered \"Happy New Year, love.\" Reno gave her that soft, loving smile he saved just for her. \"Happy New Year, baby.\" he whispered right back. \"So.\" She leaned back against his chest, snuggling in. \"Just what the hell was so important you missed a date with this great rack and fine ass?\" Reno groaned. \"You know the big, great, long waited, ordered months in advance Buckaroo Banzai New Year's Issue?\" Pecos held up her hand. \"Ordered mine months in advance.\" she admitted, with a wink. \"I have an in with the writer.\" \"I haven't finished writing it yet.\" The girl pulled away and looked up at him. \"I thought it was supposed to be at the press last week, mailing out this week.\" \"Thus the dilemma.\" Again he groaned, closing his eyes and dropping his head back on the head rest. \"Damn, Pecos, I've never been jammed up like this before.\" Pecos rubbed his chest, lovingly. \"The dreaded Writer's Block.\" she added her own groan with sympathy. \"That's why you've been locked up in here for days upon days upon days…\" \"Yea. Days.\" \"Maybe that's the problem.\" \"What's the problem?\" Pecos tugged on his nose until he raised his head and looked at her. \"You've been locked up in here for days upon days upon days, missing out on all the life going on out there…. You know? With the people you're supposed to be writing about?\" Reno waved a hand at his desk and the thousands of hand scribbled notes scattered about it. \"Not like I'm lacking in material.\" \"Material isn't the same as inspiration. Material is just the meat. Inspiration is how you cook it.\" She waved a hand in the air. \"Inspiration… inspiration is like puffing away on that brass horn of yours like the world would die without your sweet tunes. Like watching Buckaroo and Peggy spinning on the dance floor. Like Rawhide taking off his hat to kiss Norse. Like… like Perfect Tommy's new dye job. Have you seen it yet? My god, I didn't think that shade of yellow was available without brain damage!\" Reno tilted his head to one side. \"Well, that could explain a few things 'bout that boy.\" Pecos slid off his lap and grabbed his hand. \"Come on, bubba. Time to release the hounds, breath some fresh air, party 'til the cows come home… all that good stuff. And, come sunrise, bet yours and my great racks and fine asses, you'll be ready to sit down and finish the issue.\" \"Or pass out drunk and wake up with a hang over that'll kill those cows and hounds.\" Reno pointed out as she dragged him out his little office and down the hall. Pecos laughed. \"Well, hell, even that would be inspiration.\" Reno grabbed her belt loop and yanked her back into his arms again. \"I can think of a better way to get inspired.\" he hummed into her ear. The love of his life huffed. \"Really?!\" \"Carry you off into our bedroom and find inspiration right to dawn.\" he whispered, his lips brushing the base of her throat. \"Hmmm?\" She closed her eyes and leaned back against him. She whispered in her most seductive tone \"I am going to get my New Year's dance or I will inspire you in ways that will make your readers cry to the heavens what could have possibly happened to this sweet soul that he turns to such fear, horror, and hatred.\" Reno lifted his head. \"O… kay…\" he spoke very carefully. \"My dear lady, would you care to save my life and join me for a dance?\" \"Why, sir, I would be honored.\" 0o0o0o0o0o Pecos folded up the issue and smacked Reno in the arm. \"Ow!\" Reno cried, looking shocked, despite. \"What was that for?!\" \"Really?\" She tilted her head, batted her lashes, and coed in her best Southern Bell imitation \"Why, suh, ah would be honored…\" Again she hit him. \"I remember something more like `Bet your fine Latin ass!'\" Reno chuckled. \"Yea, well… I was inspired.\" 0o0o0o0o0o Finding Inspiration The End 0o0o0o0o0o ","Summary":" Finding Inspiration By The Chronicler Reno Nevada…. …….chronicler of the Banzai Institute, the Hong"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"Cut Flowers","Author":"TommyBoybbi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3292482","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cutflowers Thenmorning had started out in a rush, don't most mornings of a wedding?nA group of us had taken two suites at the Waldorf. We had a room fornthe girls: Peggy, Pecos, Red and myself, and a room for the boys:nRawhide, Reno, Ron (Peggy's brother), and Buckaroo. Wenwanted to spend the night before in the city to make it easier to getnto the church and have our last night festivities. Rawhidenwas in charge of Buckaroo. He had plans to take him to a few bars henknew in the city. Us girls decided to spend the night in. Getnnice and comfy and order a buffet of no-no's to eat andnrelax. After a short breakfast he went to have our nails andnhair done at a posh boutique. We returned to the hotel and dressed innour bridesmaid dress and took a limo to the Church of St. John, thenDevine. We had been lucky the rain predicted had stayed off.nPeggy turned to us and stated, \"It knows better than to rain on mynday.\" We laughed at her; only Peggy would dare the heavens to rainnon her parade. In a side room we all helped Peggy into hernwedding dress. She had shopped for six months for it. It showed hernat her best assets. The wedding dress was a simple design that wasnsheer at the top, with long sleeves, and a fluid skirt. The rest ofnus wore matching pink dresses. Red couldn't believe pink, herncontrasting hair made her uncomfortable, and we all heard aboutnit. The music started and we lined up at the end of the greatnhall. The order of our procession was Pecos, then myself, and thennRed. Peggy followed by herself down the aisle. Before us atnthe altar were Rawhide, Reno, and Ron, supporting Buckaroo. They worenblack tuxes with pink cummerbunds. Pecos and I had to look at eachnother and give a laugh. Only Peggy could talk them into it. Inhad never seen so much emotion in Buckaroo's face. This was truly anjoyous day for him. I was glad that he was allowing himself the joynto marry Peggy and look towards a future. Watching Peggy comendown the aisle told me that she too, had a special feeling. They bothndeserved to be happy and together they would do it, I knew. Thenceremony was simple but lovely. At the end Buckaroo gave a whoopingnkiss to Peggy. It would have continued if they didn't need to comenup for air. Upon returning down the aisle, Peggy wanted tonchange into her travel dress before returning to the hotel where thenreception was being held. She told us she would only be a fewnminutes. Buckaroo went to thank the minister and we told her we wouldnwait for her since our dresses were not as burdensome. Fivenminutes became ten. Buckaroo knocked on the door to see ifnshe was okay. There was no answer. He opened the door to find her onnthe floor. He went to her side and found no breath, no pulse. Quickly we organized to search the room along and call thencity police of the murder. We discovered the cylinder in the flowernvase of yellow roses. No one really had seen anyone out of thenordinary at the wedding. Once the questioning was done, itnwas my job to go to the hotel and explain what had happened whilenRawhide took Buckaroo back to the Institute. I went to thenhotel and to where some support members to the Cavaliers was playingnmusic. I asked for everyone's attention and made the morbidnannouncement. With that done, I went up to our room. I changednclothes and packed all the bags in the girls' room and did the samenfor the boys. I returned to the Institute that evening. WhennI went up to the bunkhouse floor, Reno met me at the door to thenbunkhouse. \"He hasn't said anything,\" he told me. \"Wouldnyou if your last love was taken from you?\" I asked him. I was tirednand hadn't had time to absorb what had happened. I couldn't letnmyself fall apart. Not yet. I headed into the bunkhouse. Red wasnsitting in the conversation pit with Ron. I went to the kitchen sidenand pulled a bottle of coke out of the fridge. I needed it evennthough my ulcer was telling me otherwise. I went back into thenhall and headed down to the sentry on the bunkhouse floor. \"Where'snBuckaroo and Rawhide?\" \"Buckaroo's room,\" he informednme. I turned back and stopped in front of Buckaroo's door. Inopened it and let myself in. Buckaroo was sitting at his desk.nRawhide was watching him from a distance, pretending to be readingnhis newest hardcover. Both men looked up at me when they heardnthe door closed. \"Anything?\" I asked. \"Not muchnmore than what we knew when we left the church,\" Rawhidenanswered. I walked over to Buckaroo. He was trying divertingnattention to the papers in front of him, but I could feel his mindnworking over time. I placed my bottle on the desk and moved around tonstand behind him. I put my arms around his neck and hugged him. Indon't know for how long I held him but he finally moved a bit tonshow me he had enough. \"Why don't you two go get somensleep? I don't think I will be turning in for a while.\" Buckaroontold us. Rawhide started to say something in protest but wasncut off by Buckaroo, \"Please, I won't do anything foolish. I justnneed some time by myself.\" We went to the door and lookednback at him. It was going to be a long cold winter. In thenhallway Rawhide escorted me to my room. Rawhide stopped at my doornand asked, \"How are you doing?\" I looked at him. \"Itnhasn't hit yet.\" I told him. We all know my history with people Intrust and love. And I loved Peggy. She was the sister I never had.nWhen she came for Christmas between semesters at Cambridge, I thoughtnthe guys found me a kindred spirit. But that was Peggy. I loved hownshe could make Rawhide flounder at words or have one of the guysntaken aback by her gusto in a given situation. But one of mynmottos in life is: \"Everyone I love, leaves me, usuallyndead.\" Rawhide opened my door and walked me into my room. Infound my overnight bag on my floor. I walked across the room andnlooked back to Rawhide. \"It seems surreal right now. Like I'm inna vacuum. I was there but it seems not real.\" I sat down on thenedge of the bed and took a drink of my coke. \"How can he be soncruel?\" I asked Rawhide. I was implying Hanoi Xan had killednPeggy. \"Only Xan can answer that,\" he answered slowly,nlike he was trying to piece the madness together. \"She hadnso . . much . .potential..\" I started to cry. \"Her plans werendynamic,\" I got out. Rawhide sat down next to me and took meninto his arms and let me cry it out. Somehow I foundnmyself under the covers of my bed. Rawhide was asleep on the couch onnthe far wall of my room. Reassured, I went back into a dreamlessnsleep. Two days later. . . We, the Hong Kong Cavaliers,nflew with Buckaroo to Texas to bury Peggy in the Banzai's familynplot, beside his parents. After a minister said his sermon,nwe each said something about Peggy then added our rose to the casketnbelow us. At my turn, all I could do was think of song thatnwas so true at the time. I sang it to her then. CutnFlowers (Jim Babjak/Pat DiNizio) Sentimental gestures nevernmeant that much to me But if I had her here today I'd shed antear for all the world to see CHORUS Cut flowers sent to angirl with sentimental ways Cut flowers meant more to her onnordinary days A gentle girl who needed all the love I had tongive But I was blind to her and would not give What shenneeded most to live CHORUS Cut flowers pressed between thenpages of a book she gave I go to her and say, 'I'm sorry,' Then I put cut flowers on her grave CHORUS authorsnnote 1 :This song, written and recorded by the Smithereens, hasnalways made me think about Peggy Simpson Banzai. Call me strange. Authors note 2: based on events touched on in the bookn'Buckaroo Banzai' by Earl Mac Rauch. This is a fictional accountnand is just a point a view by the author. No infringement isnintended. ","Summary":" Cutflowers Thenmorning had started out in a rush, don't most mornings of a wedding?nA group of us h"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"Banzai in a Santa Hat","Author":"Sam-Tony","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3277746","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Banzainin a Santa Hat The rec center had beenndec'd out in all sorts of garlanded greenery, red bows and holidaynlights; the miniature train of card tables pushed up together to formna line of food and beverages for the buffet stretching along the sidenwall of the main activity room. There had even been a rough thoughnlovingly rendered representation of the North Pole set in the backncorner just beyond the piano for Santa Clause to use while hearingnthe whispered requests of the shelter's children. That was where Buckaroonwas now; dressed entirely in red as Santa, complete with white fur,nblack boots, fake white beard and red hat with a little golden bellnthat tinkled every time Buckaroo nodded his head to whatever desirenhad just been revealed. Good thing Reno had wired that hat with anhidden mike so the boys could gather as many of the desired toys asnthey could find to lay out under the tree before dawn. If Buckaroonhad his way, come morning, every kid here would be getting exactlynwhat they had asked Santa for for Christmas. Beside him Tommynchuckled, a fond cross between exasperation and contentment. \"Why do you think hendoes it?\" The younger man asked, clear plastic cup of green punchngesturing to take in the tree, the food, the outfit – everything innone wide sweep of a green-jacketed arm. \"'sides the factnthat it needs doin'?\" Rawhide answered. He shrugged. \"Younknow Buckaroo's just a big kid at heart, Tommy,\" he chidedngently. \"Just like you are.\" Perfect Tommy lookednslightly offended at that; the dark eyebrows rising almost into thenwhite-blond hair. \"Am not.\" Arms crossed over hisnchest, Rawhide took in the wide grin that followed the denial. \"Uhnhuh.\" Against the knowingnstare Tommy gave in. \"It's not my fault Buckaroo pulled me ontonhis lap before everyone got here and wanted to know what my Christmasnwish was.\" \"Or that Jersey tooknthe picture.\" RH drawled. \"Did you tell him?\" \"Didn't have to.\"n Dark eyes alight at the memory of soft lips at his temple as well asnthe mild chaos of happily running mobs of kids and cheerful adultsnlaughing and sharing the joy of the season, Tommy admitted with anboyish smile, \"I already got it.\" Buckaroo would play fornthem later and Tommy would steer both men under the mistletoe andnkiss them senseless before a roaring fire and the remnants of tornnwrapping paper, tinsel and plates filled with holiday dinner and cupsnof eggnog. Then they would make love in front of that fire and Tommynwould watch as Buckaroo broke Rawhide's famous reserve before mostnlikely getting pounced by one or the other…or both. He grinned innanticipation. Hopefully both. Purr rumbling low innhis ear, with an evil intent Rawhide promised, \"Not yet, boy. Butnyou will…\" -- \"Ladies andnGentlemen, \" a strong, amused voice rang out over the last of thenfestivities that had been winding down for the last hour, cuttingnthrough the remaining chatter and turning all eyes to the piano andntheir benefactor now sitting on the bench behind it. \"If I maynhave your attention.\" Pausing in the cleanupnand stopping whatever they were doing, everyone slowly migrated tonthe middle of the floor, including the members of the Hong KongnCavaliers not out rounding up the requested list of presents. \"Now that the kidsnhave all been ushered off to bed, hopefully with those dreams ofndancing sugar plums,\" Buckaroo traded a smile with those allnaround, \"I had hoped you would indulge me in granting me a requestnof my own.\" \"What's on yournmind, Buckaroo?\" Jersey called out, earning a short stab of annelbow from Reno standing beside him. \"Ow.\" \"Well – beingnChristmas Eve and all – I was hoping to be able to entertain younall with a song. And perhaps…to have the two people I love most innthis world dancing together…\" With a wistful smile,nhands that had been poised over the piano keys began to play; long,nsure fingers gently stroking the ivory as he began to sing, a lownsoulful, \"I'll be home for Christmas…\" Smiling, Rawhide took anflabbergasted Tommy's hand, pulling him gently against him. Thenblinding smile he got in return was more than worth the knowingnlaughs and wolf whistles from the rest of the boys. Even if Reno didnfollow his lead, pulling Jersey into clutch before the taller manncould protest. And it was about time, too… \"I think he meansnus,\" Rawhide told Tommy, easily adjusting his grip as Tommynautomatically moved with him. \"Though I'm leading,\" henwhispered in one perfect ear, enjoying the instinctive shudder as thenyounger man moaned softly. \"And I know Buckaroo has plans fornlater.\" Pulling back a littlenin righteous indignation, Tommy whined in mock protest. \"Whatnabout me?\" \"You…\" Buckaroonwhispered in his other ear, his arms wrapping around them both andnenfolding the three of them together, \"You get to lie back andnenjoy your present.\" \"Both of them,\" nRawhide promised. \"You can even wearnthe hat,\" Blue eyes shining, Buckaroo promised before kissing thentip of his nose. And Perfect Tommy beingn– well prefect – and knowing a very fine offer when he heard one,ngave in to his two lovers without much fuss. Although… \"The wire has to go…\" Rolling his eyes at thendisappointed fall of Jersey's face and Reno's dark chuckle,nRawhide nodded once. \"Definitely.\" \"Well darn.\" Two sets of eyebrowsnrose, blue and dark eyes favoring Buckaroo in surprise. \"I guess Santa won'tnbe crossing that last item off of his wish list after all.\" nLeaning in closer, he brushed his lips over Tommy's, confiding andarkly sinful secret. \"Sidney is going to be so disappointed…\" So maybe – in thenheat of the moment – they should forget all about the wire… End Merry Christmas! ","Summary":" Banzainin a Santa Hat The rec center had beenndec'd out in all sorts of garlanded greenery, red bow"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"Chocolate Chip Cookies","Author":"vjs2259","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6207583","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chocolate Chip Cookies Written for the following prompt, LJ femgenficathon 2010: The triumph can't be had without the struggle. - Wilma Rudolph (1940-1994), African-American Olympian athlete. First American woman to win three gold medals in track and field...and she won while running on a sprained ankle. Standard disclaimer applies; not my characters or settings or backgrounds. But they are my words. Penny Priddy never finished high school. It was only through the efforts of an elderly English teacher with the demeanor of a drill sergeant that Penny had managed to make it to her junior year. When she'd turned 16, she'd hit the road, leaving school and home, such as it was, behind. All her efforts in life landed her on the losing side of pass/fail. At this point she'd forgotten all her hopes and dreams. All she remembered was what she was trying to forget. There was no escape from some memories. Like other badly or under-educated adults with native intelligence and a keen sense of survival, she'd managed to get along. Drifting from low wage job to temp work to unemployment and back again was her life. A brief stint in a convent had only managed to instill a fine sense of guilt over some of the things she'd done in order to survive. To her friends, those few that occasionally drifted along with her, she used to laugh and say, 'It's not so much a choice as a lifestyle!' Her cynical acceptance of her own inadequacies had carried her through some tough times. Then she'd met Buckaroo, and her life had changed overnight. Buckaroo had saved her; given her a reason not to blow her head off, a place to stay, and a group of highly eccentric and highly intelligent comrades. Once she had accepted the existence and loss of a twin sister she'd never known, she'd settled down to an uncertain position in the New Jersey compound. Penny Priddy had found a home, and someone she deeply loved. Yet there was something missing. Buckaroo traveled quite a bit, sometimes with her and sometimes without. When he was gone, she tried reading some of his publications, but even the popularized versions made her head hurt. After an afternoon spent alone in the computer room, playing around with the high tech machines, she conceived a plan to get her high school diploma and maybe even her bachelor's degree. Buckaroo had given her the code for the Institute's petty cash account, and she used it to enroll online in a combined program designed for working people to study at their own pace. Her pace was painfully slow. At first she was careful to wait until everyone was out or busy in another area of the Institute. This happened quite often, and she grew adept at blanking the screen whenever anyone came in unexpectedly. Eventually she grew confident enough to ask Buckaroo for her own account on the computer in their now-shared bedroom, and she spent hours reading, studying, preparing first for the exam to obtain her diploma, then for a basic degree in combined sciences. When the e-mail had arrived with the notice of her score on the SAT, she'd been unable to restrain herself from a self-congratulatory war whoop. It had brought Mrs. Johnson to her door, knocking and asking if everything was all right. Penny had answered quickly, trying to forestall any more questions. Mrs. Johnson had never accepted her. Peggy, Penny's sister, had been her best friend. Since Rawhide's death, Mrs. Johnson had taken over the house accounts, keeping track of purchases and cash flow. Eventually this brought her back to Penny's door. \"Hi,\" Mrs. Johnson said. She stood framed in the doorway, neither inside or outside the room. Penny started, wondering how long the other woman had been standing there. She'd instinctively minimized the screen, and dropped her eyes in the face of the housekeeper's frank appraisal. \"Is there something I can do for you?\" she asked, bracing herself for the usual coldness. \"I've been going over the accounts, and,\" Mrs. Johnson hesitated, then continued, \"I was wondering if you needed anything.\" \"What would I need?\" Penny answered quickly. \"I'm fine.\" \"Good,\" replied Mrs. Johnson carefully. \"I just wanted to say that the accounts are well within our limits. There wouldn't be a problem if you used more funds.\" Penny thought rapidly. She was going to have to start attending the laboratory sessions offered in conjunction with the online coursework. They were held at a local community college, and she'd need transport. \"I think I'm okay for money,\" she said, \"But I wondered if I could use one of the cars?\" \"No problem,\" replied Mrs. Johnson. \"I'll have one assigned to you. The keys are on the hook by the garage door. Would, say, three nights a week, do you?\" Penny flushed. That was exactly what she would need. Meeting Mrs. Johnson's look of neutral sympathy, Penny nodded brusquely. \"That'd be great,\" she said. The labs were not nearly as well equipped as the ones at the Institute, but then they were for basic scientific education, not cutting-edge research. Combined science, she hoped, would give her a smattering of all the disciplines in which Buckaroo excelled. At least she'd be able to carry on a conversation without sounding like an idiot. There had been plenty of times in her life when everyone in the room had looked down on her. The worst was the dancing. Every man who came into those dim, dingy bars had acted liked they owned her, all for the price of a drink. You couldn't hide, or lose yourself in the music when their eyes found you over and over again. Every look of contemptuous desire had nicked her soul. As she moved forward in her studies, she found a growing sense of competence and accomplishment. Mrs. Johnson started stopping by at lunchtime with a sandwich, or a cup of soup. Sometimes she even exchanged a pleasant word or two. It was a shared secret that neither discussed or mentioned to each other, or to anyone else. This went on for months; months that stretched to a year and more. Penny took in great gulps of knowledge, awakening a thirst she'd never known she had. At last the final weeks approached, with the exams piled one upon another, she pulled all-nighters when she could, pale blue light showcasing her scowl of concentration. Mrs. Johnson kept a carafe of strong dark coffee filled for her, placing it on a tray outside the door, and taking away the empties as she found them. Penny found it comforting, almost as if they were partners in the project. Buckaroo and the boys were due back from a combination of tour dates and scientific meetings any day now, and Penny was almost done. Most of her grades had come back adequate to good; no failures, which both surprised and pleased her, and a few high marks which astounded her. Physics was the hardest subject she had tackled, and it was the last exam left. No more studying; if she didn't know it now she never would. Spending a few minutes under a rush of hot water would clear her mind. When she left the shower, water drops already cooling on her feverish skin, she found Mrs. Johnson had left a last gift. Beside the computer monitor was a plate of chocolate chip cookies, still warm from the oven, and a tall glass of milk. There was a note under the glass, and she pulled it out, straining to read the words blurred by a widening circle from the condensation. It said 'Theobromine, sugar, and protein. It'll help. Good luck.' When Buckaroo returned, he found Penny deeply asleep, dark circles under her eyes. She hardly moved when he entered the room, and his eye was caught by the blinking light on the printer. \"Out of paper,\" he murmured, and slipped a few sheets into the tray. Picking up the top sheet, he saw it was a letter of confirmation of a degree awarded from a well known online university. His eyebrows shot up almost to the hairline as he saw Penny's name inscribed in calligraphic font at the top. Picking it up, he scanned the desk, his eye falling on the remnants of Mrs. Johnson's culinary support. His mouth quirked into a smile, and he went over to the bed, sat by Penny's side, and gently moved a lock of unruly blond hair from her eyes. They opened, and he realized with a shock that he no longer saw his first lost love when he looked at her. He only saw Penny. \"Hey,\" he said, and placed the paper on her chest. \"What have you been up to?\" \"There ought to be a title,\" she said, slowly stretching under the sheet, \"when you graduate college. Like doctor, only not as good. Bachelor just doesn't do it for me.\" \"Well, you're not a bachelor in any case,\" replied Buckaroo. \"Not any more.\" He tapped the paper. \"This is great. Why'd you do it?\" \"Started out doing it for you. Ended up doing it for myself.\" She sat up and put her arms around his neck, giving him a deep slow kiss. \"That's the best way,\" he whispered. \"Means so much more.\" Shifting his weight to one arm, he gestured towards the empty plate. \"Mrs. Johnson made you cookies.\" \"Chocolate chip. With walnuts. I hate walnuts.\" Penny tried to pull him back down into the bed. \"Peggy liked them. Mrs. Johnson hasn't made any since she died. I'll tell her you don't like nuts.\" Buckaroo's voice was calm and easy, not full of pain as it usually was when he said Peggy's name. \"I'll tell her,\" replied Penny. \"She won't mind; she's my friend.\" Her voice was coolly confident, but warmed at the word 'friend'. \"Now come here. Let me show you what I learned in biology class.\" ","Summary":" Chocolate Chip Cookies Written for the following prompt, LJ femgenficathon 2010: The triumph can't "},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"Remembrance","Author":"PennyHill","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5721084","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : Remembrance Characters : Buckaroo Banzai, Penny Summary : Created for Word of the Week Challenge. Week 5 Challenge Word, \"Cold/Flu\" (hurt/comfort). Buckaroo remembers a lullaby. Rating : PG Warnings : None Disclaimer : I do not own any rights to any characters in the Buckaroo Banzai universe. Any OC's created are mine. A light breeze came through the open window, causing the sheer curtains to rustle. It made him shiver even though it was moist and balmy. He didn't know it, but it was a prelude to the soft musical notes that would soon reach his ears. Then the most beautiful voice he had ever heard started to sing. \"Nighttime has come, Gone is the sun, Dream sky is spun, Stars, one by one... Oyasumi, hush my love, Oyasumi, hush my love, Oyasumi, hush my love, Hush, hush, hush.\" He felt the warm and light touch of a soft hand stroking his forehead. \"Mother?\" Buckaroo queried as he turned his head slightly. He caught a whiff of jasmine perfume and he drew in a deep breath, anxious to smell it again. \"No baby, it's just me,\" Penny replied quietly. She lovingly brushed aside a lock of his hair and then tenderly straightened up his blanket around his shoulders. \"You're running a bit of fever. \" Buckaroo closed his eyes and sighed, \"I thought that you were mother.\" He inhaled again; focusing on the air around him but the scent of jasmine was gone. Penny bent over and gave him a delicate kiss, her lips barely touching his forehead. It was hot and damp and not at all unexpected. It was only a matter of time that Buckaroo too would get the flu that was making its rounds through the Institute. \"She'll be back soon,\" she whispered in his ear. ","Summary":" Title : Remembrance Characters : Buckaroo Banzai, Penny Summary : Created for Word of the Week Chal"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"This Pen and Paper","Author":"1980s-popito","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11874301","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This Pen and Paper Buckaroo pulled out the leather bound journal from its place in his desk drawer and placed it on the top surface of his desk. He flipped through the pages and stopped at the first empty page his saw, which was right after his entry from the previous day. He picked up the same pen he'd use throughout the whole notebook from the same drawer and pressed it against the crisp, clean lined page. \"Dear Peggy. Today, I mourn more than any other day of the year, excluding your birthday. Today would be the one year anniversary of our marriage, but sadly, it is also the one year anniversary of your death. I would be a liar if I said that I don't miss holding you in my arms while I sleep, or talking to you, or just seeing your radiant smile in person rather than photographs. Even to just see you one more time in person would be the only thing I could ever ask for, \" he wrote. Buckaroo set down his pen and let out a sigh. He got up from his seat and walked over to the window behind the desk, which purposely overlooked the memorial garden for the institute; the garden was given the name The Margaret 'Peggy' Simpson Banzai Memorial Garden by Professor Hikita, who had also funded and placed the garden in its place three months after her death. He had purposely placed the garden right outside of Buckaroo's window, so that whenever he needed a reminder of his deceased wife, he could just look at the window. Buckaroo sat back down and continued to write. \"It is eight o'clock in the morning right now, and everyone is in the institute cafeteria having breakfast. I would usually be down there with them, but today I have no appetite. I know the reason why, and so does everyone else, unfortunately. As I sit here, I feel as though someone will come looking for me soon, and ask if I'm okay on the anniversary. I know exactly what my answer would be, the same exact as the one on your birthday, which is: I don't know.\" As if on cue, a knock came from the other side of the office doors. \"Come in,\" Buckaroo called as he set down his pen and took off his glasses. The double doors opened and three people walked in: Rawhide, Perfect Tommy and Mrs. Eliza Johnson. They all had blank and expressionless faces, and none of them said a word, but their expressions yelled what their mouths couldn't or wouldn't say. \"You know what I find fascinating?\" Buckaroo questioned rhetorically as he got up from his desk and walked over to the window, looking out at the flowers spread throughout the patch of dirt, \"Human expressions and emotions, especially the expression of emotions.\" \"You said that on her birthday, too,\" Mrs. Johnson said quietly. \"You didn't come down for breakfast like you usually do,\" Rawhide commented, \"Everything alright up here?\" Buckaroo smirked a bit to himself as he thought, I knew it. \"That answer could go two different ways, can't it? It's alright, but at the same time, it's not.\" You'd think I'd be used to his philosophical sayings by now, Perfect Tommy thought, a bit confused. He decided to stay quiet for the time being. \"We all miss her too,\" Rawhide said gently, \"She was the sweetest, most kind person in the whole institute. But I'm sorry to say that, and you know it's true, but there's nothing to bring her back. I wish we could, I really do, but we gotta play through the pain.\" Buckaroo turned to the three. \"I have a confession to make,\" he said, \"I do that every day. Not a day goes by that I don't think about her, my past with her, and everything about her. I know none of us can bring her back, but that doesn't help ease anything. One thing that helps me though, is that I think about the differences we may have made in each other's lives when she was still here. Who knows what may have happened to any of us? I wouldn't have started the institute, and where would you three be? And everyone else in the institute? And how would that affect those outside of the institute that you all used to know and currently know? Everything would be different, but it may not have been good.\" The three thought about what their higher up was saying. He did have a point in everything he just said. If he'd never met Peggy, Buckaroo may never have excelled in his scientific career and never started the institute. What would they all be doing then? And where would that leave those affected by the institute of the past couple of years? And their futures? And how would that have affected the world around them? \"It's impossible to even imagine how different our lives would all be,\" Buckaroo commented, \"It's quite incredible when you think about it, really.\" Mrs. Johnson looked down at the ground then back up solemnly. \"You really miss her, huh?\" she asked quietly and cautiously. Buckaroo looked at the framed picture of himself with Peggy that'd been taken the day before her death and picked it up. \"Every day,\" he answered, \"But some days more than others. I don't think it'll ever hurt as much as it did that week after, if that makes any sense.\" \"It makes sense,\" Perfect Tommy confirmed seriously, \"There's one thing I'm curious about, though. Kind of a personal question.\" Rawhide gave his friend and colleague a scolding look. \"I don't think it's the right time-\" he started until he was cut off. Buckaroo placed the frame back down gently. \"It's okay,\" he said, \"I'll answer. Go ahead, tommy.\" Perfect Tommy thought for a moment, slightly feeling like a child. \"Do you have any regrets about, well, any of it?\" Mrs. Johnson looked appalled by his question. \"Tommy, you can't ask something like that,\" she reprimanded, \"Not today, anyway.\" Buckaroo found it slightly irritating how much the three of his friends were tip-toeing around his grief. He knew they meant well, and that they didn't want to upset him, but it was obvious how gentle and cautious they were trying to be with their words. He wished that they would just point out the elephant in the room, much like the younger man had been. It was obvious that he was grieving the anniversary of his wife's death rather than celebrating their anniversary with her, the whole institute knew that like they knew that when he mourned her on what would have been her birthday. He had never really liked pity, ever since he was a child and people had found out about his parents, but he took in a respectful and honorable way, thankful that he had people in his life who cared about him enough to even offer him pity and words of comfort. \"Mrs. Johnson, Rawhide,\" Buckaroo said in a calm tone, \"It's a reasonable question to ask, and quite frankly, I have no problem answering it.\" He looked down at the picture on his desk again, then at the third man in his office. \"And to answer your question, Tommy: no, I don't regret any of it. I don't regret Peggy asking me to help her find the science section of the library, or saying yes to her. I don't regret giving her a tour of the campus. I don't regret asking her on our first date, or the second, or the third, or the rest. I don't regret that first kiss. I don't regret telling her I loved her. I don't regret proposing to her. So no, Tommy, I don't regret a thing.\" The three smiled in approval at his answer. \"That's all that matters,\" Perfect Tommy smiled. \"We'll leave you alone for a little while,\" Rawhide said, and the three left his office, making sure to close the doors behind themselves. Buckaroo sat back down at his desk and pick the pen back up. \"It's incredible, Peggy, \" he wrote, \"The way you've affected so many views and lives of the people around the institute. Tommy asked me if I regretted anything while you were in my life; I told him that I didn't. While I do wish you hadn't passed, or more so murdered and taken from me and those around you who loved you, I don't regret falling for you. I don't regret that day in the library when I met you, or anything and everything else after that. And one thing I'll never regret, is loving you. I still love you, and I miss you. Happy one year anniversary, Margaret 'Peggy' Simpson Banzai.\" Buckaroo closed the journal, placed it back in the drawer along with his pen, then left the office and headed down to the institute cafeteria. ","Summary":" This Pen and Paper Buckaroo pulled out the leather bound journal from its place in his desk drawer "},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"A Dark Day","Author":"TommyBoybbi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3291458","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AnDark Day TommynBoy's personal journal: I never thought I would be alive tonwrite this, but I am. Today I witnessed something that I alwaysnthought in my heart would never come to be. Buckaroo. nDead. The one thing that strikes me odd is that it wasn't bynthe hands of his arch enemy Xan but something closer. Why wendidn't see it before. Why we didn't know. Lookingnback, it was right there in front of us. We refused to seenit. I know myself I chalked it up that he was just having anlong cold. But no, it wasn't, he was dying. Rawhidentold us this afternoon. I want to know why I didn't know. nI thought I was a close friend. But Rawhide said only threenpeople knew, New Jersey, Buckaroo and himself. I never got tonsay goodbye. Stolen from me like so many other things. Goodbye my father, my friend, my brother. Thank younfor showing me that I was worth saving. I promise to continuenon and help Rawhide. The Institute shall not die. Be atnpeace loved one. TB Channel 4nnews \"In a communiqué from the Banzai Institute, itnhas been announced that Dr. Buckaroo Banzai has passed away. nCause of death, AIDS. Dead at the age of 55. Dr. Banzainhas given the world his love of science and music. Thenorganization of Irregulars has helped out communities across thenworld in making a better place to live. Remember and live bynthe Five Stresses, Four Beauties, and Three Loves. Anworld wide remembrance will be done on Friday at twelve noon Easternntime. Our channel will cover the memorial live.\" ","Summary":" AnDark Day TommynBoy's personal journal: I never thought I would be alive tonwrite this, but I am. "},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"What was I Thinking","Author":"TommyBoybbi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3292498","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What was I thinking? Wakingnwas not an option, though he wished it was. Oh his head hurtnlike hell. A bottle of Beam was all it took. Ringing innthe New Year in the bunkhouse may have seemed a good option at thentime, but now. Oh my aching head. ring What isnthat? Oh, the phone. That means I have to move. Notna good option at the moment. ring I hear ya, I hearnya. ring Concentration, moving the arm over the bodynto find the hand set. Found it on the first try. nYuppie. Pick up receiver and bring to ear. \"Rawhide.\" nMan I sound hoarse. \"Man it's about time you answered. nHappy New Year!\" Tommy Boy, on the West Coast withnBuckaroo, Peggy, and Slugo. With a disappointing smile on mynface I answered back, \"Happy New Year Tommy Boy.\" \"Youndon't sound to good Rawhide.\" \"Let's say I need tongo get a nice cold shower to wake me up.\" \"Rawhide,ntell me you didn't.\" Oh she knew my tendencies. nWe've lived together for eight years now, you learn a fewnthings. \"Had to do something to ring in the New Year. nI'll be fine.\" \"Well I just wanted to hear yournvoice and tell you I love you.\" Feeling the pain of theirnseparation, Rawhide took a deep breath and replied, \"I love yountoo.\" \"See you tomorrow.\" \"Tomorrow,\"nhe echoed. With eyes still closed, he hung up the phone. nNew love and being separated for anything hurt. He hurt badnenough to drink himself into a drunken sleep. Now he was foundnout by his mate. Taking a deep breath, he opened his eyes tonsee that he was indeed in his room. Well mate, you better getnup, work to do. Slowly he sat up and swung his legs overnthe side of the bed. Then within 2 beats of a 4 beat measure,nRawhide took off for the bathroom, the consequences of drinking on annempty stomach. Excuse me. God how I hate hang-overs. ","Summary":" What was I thinking? Wakingnwas not an option, though he wished it was. Oh his head hurtnlike hell."},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Below the White Cliffs","Author":"Marie-Fairbotham","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4860233","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thentape began to play once more \" I'dnlike to talk now about your new novel, Atonement, which is coming outnin a few days to coincide with your birthday. It's your twenty-nfirst novel...\" BeforenJohn could finish the old woman interrupted, informing him that innfact it was to be her last novel. Of course John had not expectednthis, on the contrary, there had been no discussion as to where theninterview would lead but her agent had said nothing about this beingnher last novel. He bit his lip and continued, hoping that perhapsnthis information was exclusive. \" Oh,nreally? You mean you're retiring?\" \" No,ndying.\" Therenwas a pause that probably only lasted for a few moments but it wasnevident that this news had put him slightly off track and before herncould reassemble his questions and thoughts Ms Tallis resumed \" Myndoctor tells me I have something called vascular dementia; which is essentiallyna continuous series of tiny strokes. Your brain gradually closesndown. You lose words, you lose your memory: which, for a writer, isnpretty much the point. That's why I could finally write this book;nand why, of course, it's my last novel. Strangely enough, it wouldnbe just as accurate to call it my first novel. I wrote several draftsnas far back as my time at St. Thomas's Hospital during the war. Injust couldn't ever find the way to do it.\" \" Becausenthe novel is autobiographical, is that right?\" John finallynquestioned, trying to ignore what the author had just informed notnonly him but also the viewing audience, she was dying and not onlynthat she had explained in rather a detailed manner the way in whichnshe was to leave this life. \" Yes,nentirely. I haven't changed any names, including my own.\" \" Andnwas that the problem?\" \" No.nI had for a very long time decided to tell the absolute truth. And Inthink...\" The hesitation was evident in her eyes. \" You'venread the book, you'll understand why. I got first-hand accounts ofnall the events I didn't personally witness, conditions in prison,nthe evacuation of Dunkirk, everything. But the effect of all thisnhonesty was rather...pitiless, you see. I couldn't any longernimagine what purpose would be served by it.\" \" Bynwhat? By honesty?\" He was becoming intrigued now, why did honestynplay such a major role in having her story told? She had alreadynatoned with her sibling, was it to teach her readers the morals shenwished she had had all those years ago? \" Ornreality.\" Briony replied \"Because, in fact, I was too much of ancoward to go and see my sister in June, 1940. I never made thatnjourney to Balham. So the scene in which I confess to them isninvented, imagined. And, in fact, could never have happenednbecause...Robbie Turner died of septicaemia at Bray Dunes on thenfirst of June 1940, the last day of the evacuation and I was nevernable to put things rightnwith my sister Cecilia because she was killed on the 15th ofnOctober, 1940 by the bomb that destroyed the gas and water mainsnabove Balham tube station. So my sister and Robbie never had the timentogether they both so longed for and deserved, which, ever since,nI've...always felt I prevented. But what sense of hope ornsatisfaction couldna reader derive from an ending like that? So, in the book, I wantednto give Robbie and Cecilia what they lost out on in life. I'd likento think this wasn't weakness or evasion, but a final act ofnkindness. She thinks for a moment. I gave them their happiness. Thentape paused with the final image of Ms Tallis leaving its evidencenupon the television screen.[Chapter 2] The tape paused with the final image of Ms Tallis leaving its evidence upon the television screen. \"Haven't you watched that thing 15 times already?\" Ellie chuckled to herself, finally laying the remote control to rest upon her bureau as her tired eyes finally met Tom's. \"How long have you been stood there?\" She asked, noticing the two steaming hot coffees that were grasped in each hand, he had obviously made the 10 minute journey to Starbucks as no one in their right mind would ever dare to drink the gritty residue that they sold at the canteen below. He didn't answer but instead placed the cups upon the desk that Ellie had snuggled herself behind and came beside her, wrapping his arms lazily around her torso as his lips showered hers with an array of tiny kisses. \"Tom\" she interrupted, unhooking his arms from around her slim waist. Although she enjoyed the attention it had caused her a lot of trouble in the past; her manager still questioned whether it was wise to allow two people to have a working relationship when they already had a physical one. She smiled slightly coiling her mousey brown hair behind her ears as her hand reached for the caffeine infused drink her body was craving for. \"So, are you going to give the tape to the publishing department or are you going to keep it locked up in here with you?\" Tom was known for his teasing manner, it was what had attracted Ellie to him in the first place. She hesitated, unsure of her answer, she had been pestered for the return of the footage for almost a week now as the interview was to be shown in only a few days time, and yet Ellie had ignored the editing department's demands. Since she could remember, Ellie had always been a book worm, it was known by her friends as her Achilles heel for in her eyes anything could be postponed or cancelled when there was a book to be read. Over the years she had been a fond reader of Ms Tallis however with each book Ellie seemed to be both inspired and angered by the author's work. It seemed to Ellie that with each emotional situation Tallis always seemed to be holding something back, as though she was enraptured with emotions that were too complicated for a reader to ever grasp or understand, it had been a flaw of hers for some time and even though she accomplished many awards and recognition this restrain was always picked upon. With every novel that Ellie read she always felt distanced from the author for not once did Briony place part of herself into her characters, until now. By the side of the remote control laid a copy of Atonement, Briony's new book which Ellie had been reading and re-reading since it had been given to her by John Holmes, her esteemed colleague who had not only given her the unpublished manuscript and tape but had also conducted the interview, a feat which Ellie was unashamedly jealous of. Why could she not give the tape up? Was it because after so many years Briony had finally done the unthinkable and released her sheltered emotions on the page or was it because of the dramatic irony of the whole situation? Ellie was unsure. \"Ellie?\" No longer was Briony's face upon the television screen, instead the tape was in Tom's hands. \"I'm taking this back to the editing department before you end up spending the night here!\" At first Ellie wanted to stop him, but before she spoke she realised that no matter how many times she watched the tape back she would not find the answers she craved. \"Your right\" Ellie sighed collapsing back upon the nylon seat. \"Take it before the editing room have my guts for garters.\" As Tom was about to depart he remembered something that he had meant to ask days before but due to Ellie's work commitments had completely forgotten about. His head coiled from around the door. \"Before I forget, this weekend, I wondered whether you'd like to come with me to the new exhibition opening at the Tate, might aswell have some company while reporting\" \"No can do\" Ellie replied without viewing him in the eyes, she hated letting him down \"This weekend I have the dreaded family gathering, grandparents included and who knows what mayhem and gossip will occur\" It was a while after Tom's departure that Ellie finally left her 5th floor office and began the 4 hour journey to the Yorkshire dales where, hiding between acres of forest stood majestically her grandmother's home. The house had been in the family for years and several generations of the Earnshaw clan had grown up there including Ellie herself who had found her love for literature in her grandfather's library. He had regularly found her there nestled in a fortress of books with Alice in Wonderland imprinted in her hands. He always had that same loving smile and begged profusely for her to read out loud so he too could enjoy the wonders of a childhood favourite. As Ellie's battered Clio hurtled down the motorway she began to light a cigarette and pondered on old memories of the Earnshaw residence till finally, as dawn broke over the valley she realised home was only a mile away and the aroma of fresh morning dew filled the car from her opened window. It had been too long since she had been home and no doubt her extended absence would be commented on at some point during her stay. As the car chugged up the perfectly paved drive Ellie noticed that the gardens surrounding the house were already alive as rabbits upon the cobbles darted to and fro to dodge the oncoming car while geese flew upon the horizon to find a spot on the west garden's lake. How had it taken two long years for Ellie to return to such a majestic place? Finally the house came into view; its grand facade over shadowing the entire splendour of the grounds with its intricate Georgian columns and long white windows. This was home Ellie thought as she parked her car next to her grandfathers and tried not to compare them both in size and value, instead, she judged her own appearance, scrapping back her long mousey brown hair into a hair band before applying a layer of lip gloss to her slightly chapped lips. For a finishing touch a dousing of perfume was sprayed upon her person to hide the cigarettes that had been savoured during her journey it was still one little habit that she had not indulged her family upon just yet. \"Miss Eleanor! We weren't expecting you until tomorrow!\" i\" It had been 2 years since she had seen her grandmother's housekeeper, Ms Matthews yet still she carried that knowing gaze which seemed to bore deep within Ellie and pull out her deepest secrets, Ellie swore as teenager that she could read her mind and knew that it was her who had been having a few crafty cigarettes in the orangery. Even now as she stood before her Ellie was still nervous that anything could be exposed. \"I wanted to beat the weekend traffic, besides I haven't been home in years\" \"Too right missy\" replied Ms Matthews \"We've been wondering when you'd come back, no doubt the lights of London have been keeping you away, but as I always say whatever London can do we can do twice better here!\" Ellie forced a smile as Ms Matthews in her deep accent continued to ramble on how society in Yorkshire was changing with all these \"big wigs\" from the large cities moving in and changing the community atmosphere of the nearby villages. \"...As I was saying to Lily who lives in Pocklington the village spirit needs to be kept intact and she said, NOAH!\" \"Noah?\" Ellie thought, seeing that Ms Matthew's gaze had moved, turning to see herself she noticed the man behind her, clutching a wheelbarrow filled with what seemed to be a broken statue. His deep blue eyes stared at Ellie for a moment before returning to Ms Matthew's all seeing gaze. \"Just where are you taking that?\" \"To the work shed for some much needed repair\" By the exhausted expression upon his tanned features this intrusion by Ms Matthews was a regular occurrence. \"Did I give you permission to move such an object? Did Mr Waters? Or Mr or Mrs Earnshaw?\" by this point Ms Matthews had moved from her position on the stone steps to examine the wheelbarrow and its contents. Ellie took this as her opportunity and before she could be sucked into the argument that was brewing she made it into the house. Sorry its so short I'm really busy at the moment. Please stay with me on this one I have some big ideas but its going to take some time to set the scene, please review constructive criticism is welcome :)[Chapter 3] I do apologise for the lateness of this post, I got quite involvednwith my recent Tudor story and couldn't find the drive to continuenwith this one, however I've got my writers cap firmly on and as itnhas recently been the anniversary of D- day I only thought that itnwas somehow fitting to write another chapter. It hadn't taken long for Ellie tonhunt down her grandmother. The house had stayed the same since shenwas a little girl and she knew that no doubt Mrs Earnshaw would benhiding with her flowers in the orangery or tucked away with herngrandfather in the library, reviewing the literature that they hadngrown up with. Ellie's first guess had been correct for hidingnbetween the dusty pink roses sat her grandmother reading a slightlynworn copy of \"Pride and Prejudice\". It had been tradition for MrsnEarnshaw to re-read the worn pages of the classic every year andnEllie was happy to find that her grandmother wasn't breaking withntradition; it reminded her that although she may appear to be old andnfrail her spirit still burned brightly. \"Eleanor!\" At once the novelnlodged in the old woman's hand was placed upon the nearby coffeentable as she rose from the small wicker chair to greet her grandchildnwho had been absent for far too long. \"We weren't expecting yountill tomorrow my dear\" at once Ellie was flung back into hernchildhood as her grandma's arms encapsulated her. She was oncenagain a little girl in pink picking heather in the fields and readingnupon her grandfather's lap, the worries of an adult hadndisintegrated in those few seconds till finally she unravellednherself and helped her grandmother back into her chair. \"So, I see you dyed your hair andnwhat is that!\" Ellie stared at the diamond ring on her left handnand immediately began to try to take it off, it had been one of thenmany things she had listed to do before arriving and taking off hernengagement ring was one of them. It was true Ellie did love Tom, morenthan she would say however telling her family was something shenwanted to leave for a little while yet. Her mother was a busy bodynand Ellie knew that as soon as her engagement was announced hernmother would be pestering her to choose a date and pick a cake, bignweddings were not Ellie's style although with Tom's rather largenfamily Ellie knew it would be highly unlikely that a small weddingnwould be possible. \"Oh\" Ellie replied, finallynplacing the ring in her pocket \"that news can be left for anotherntime, you know what mother is like\" \"Yes I know exactly what yournmother is like, don't worry sweetheart, your secrets safe with menalthough I had hoped you would bring the lover boy with you\" MrsnEarnshaw gave that all knowing wink, it was obvious why Ellie hadn'tnbrought Tom with her but in a sense it was understandable. \"He's busy\" \"That's your excuse forneverything, you're always too busy, and that's why you need anbreak so you can visit your ailing grandparents more often. Two yearsnis far too long! Your brother lives in France for Pete sake and henvisits every Christmas.\" Ellie didn't respond, she knew in hernheart her grandma was right but being so career focused meant thatnher family life suffered, she had no social life whatsoever and itnwas a shock that she was even engaged for the only time Ellie and Tomnspent together was in the office. \"So how is work anyways, have theyngiven you a promotion yet?\" \"No not yet, but I'm working onnit! My next book review is on Briony Tallis' new release Atonement,nGrandma I can honestly say I have never read anything more thoughtnprovoking in all my life\" \"That woman's work is garbage;nshe should stick to writing tabloid gossip instead of passing herselfnoff as a novelist\" \"I know you hate her work but thisnbook is different, it's about her own life, her experiences duringnthe war, it's about her sister and..\" \"Her sister?\" \"Yes, and a boy, Robbie I thinknhis name was, and how she misinterpreted an event a...\" \"I don't want to hear anymorenabout it\" \"But grandma I think ...\" \"I SAID I DON'T WANT TO HEARnANYMORE ABOUT IT!\" In the years since Ellie was bornnnot once had she heard her grandmother raise her voice, but in thosenfew minutes she had witnessed a side upon which she had never seennbefore for in her grandmother's eyes was not anger but fear, purenchildish fear as though the woman had discovered the bogeyman wasnreal. Ellie did not wait to hear an apology, she had not come home tonbe shouted at, instead she left the orangery as her grandmothernpleaded for her to comeback but this only spurred Ellie on into anjog, and then into a sprint which lead her past the main hall andnthrough the white rimmed double doors into the gardens. Since Ellienbecame of fan of Briony Tallis' work her grandparents, mostly herngrandmother had voiced their opinions on the woman strongly. If itnwasn't Briony's novels it was her attitudes on life or simply hownshe wore her hair, Ellie had never been sure why but under noncircumstance had her grandmother been unwillingly to listen, even ifnit was about Ms Tallis, yet today was different. Ellie had obviouslynpulled the wrong strings. The dew of dawn still clung to eachnblade of grass as Ellie marched forward past the west garden and intonthe clump of bushes and trees that separated the Manor gardens andnthe surrounding fields. It was in these bushes that as a child Ellienhad dedicated her time and patience into constructing her very ownnsanctuary. It had been on the day of her father's death that shenhad first found the small clearing in between the trees and slowlynbut surely she began to make the space her own adding her favouritentable and chairs and the small plastic tea set her father had boughtnher for her 5th birthday. It became the one place shencould truly call her own and she had often been in the belief that itnwas in this little sanctuary that she could talk to her father whennshe needed him the most. As she finally reached the clearingnit was to Ellie's dismay that her hiding place was alreadynoccupied. \"I see that in my absence my dennhas been put to good use\" Noah raised his head from thennewspaper in his hand as plumes of grey smoke left the end of hisnsmouldering cigarette. The tea service had gone but the chairs andntable were still there as a lasting reminder of Ellie's childhood.nAlmost as a reflex Noah left his chair and pulled the cigarette fromnhis lips. \"I apologise miss, I thought thisnplace had been deserted years ago.\" \"Please...don't call me miss,nI'm Ellie and your welcome to use this area to your leisure so longnas you can afford to lend me a cigarette.\" \"Ellie? No it can't be! Insuppose you don't remember me, I'm Mrs Matthew's nephew, I usednto visit on weekends, we used to play pirates in your grandfathersnlibrary\" \"Noah? I thought I recognised younearlier! I wanted to say something but it looked as though your Auntnwas giving you a hard time.\" \"What's new? This is only antemporary job but still my aunt believes it's her duty to boss menaround!\" Ellie chuckled as she pulled up anchair, taking a cigarette from the packet that laid upon the smallnplastic table and for what seemed like hours Noah and Ellie caught upnon the years that had passed them. Ellie could still see the innocentnlittle boy lurking in Noah's eyes but knew those days were pastnthem both. \"So what is it like working for mynGrandparents? I hope they pay you well!\" \"They pay me well enough\" Noahnreplied inhaling the intoxicating fumes of his third cigarette \"butnI must say they are an interesting duo\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Well the two of them in that bignhouse, they must have hundreds of secrets lurking behind each door,nI'm sure your grandfather has thousands just on fighting in WWIInalone\" \"WWII? My grandfather never foughtnin WWII he was a doctor and worked in St Thomas down in London\" \"Well you would never guess whatnwith all the D-day posters in the attic and I'm sure I came acrossnan old regimental army uniform\" \"Th..thats absurd how could...\"nbut as Ellie thought about it she too had some vague memories of armynmemorabilia lurking about the house yet upon the wall in herngrandfather's study all that could be seen were doctorsncertificates. \"Perhaps he just has a fascination with the war.\" \"Well there's only one way tonfind out\" \"Are you suggesting we raid myngrandparent's attic?\" \"Why not? It would be annadventure! It would be like old times. Come on, I know you want to. Inhave the keys!\" What harm could a simple atticnhunt do? Ellie thought as she and Noah made the trek back to thenhouse armed with the small set of keys that had been given to Noah bynhis Aunt. At first Ellie was ambitious about their little expedition,nshe had never ventured into her grandparent's attic and hoped shenwould find clues to their past however as they reached the door tonthe loft Ellie wondered whether she was really ready to open the doornto the past for in the back of Ellie's mind she knew that somehownthis was wrong. There was no going back as Noah began to place thenkey in the bronze lock. With a quick turn to the right the doornclicked open and creaked to reveal the darkened stairs before them. \"After you\" Noah proclaimednafter finding the light switch on the opposing wall. It did not take much to get Ellie upnthose stairs, with a deep breath she slowly began to climb, findingnsome reassurance in the fact that Noah was only steps behind her. Asnthey reached the floor the false light emitted from several dustednlampshades guided their eyes to the collection of wardrobes andnboxes. An assortment of items of different decades covered eachnsurface as the duo split in different directions in a hope they wouldndiscover something interesting. Noah headed to the left finding annold closet full of elegant 1920's evening gowns and dinner jackets.nEllie however veered to the right to where a lonely typewriter lay;nbeside it were several books, mostly cookbooks from the 1970s. Notnsatisfied by her find Ellie decided to search the draws of thenworkbench that the typewriter sat upon. Most were filled withngarbage, old receipts and drawings however, as she came to last draw,nEllie found something she had not been expecting; a script. Takingnthe play out of its resting place, Ellie gave it a closer inspection. The Trials ofnArabella By Briony Tallisndedicated to my dear Robbie Turner. \"Oh my God\" Ellie didn't knownwhat to think, hundreds of questions entered her mind as the scriptnfell to the floor alerting Noah at once. \"What is it? What's wrong?\" henreplied picking up the dropped paper as he noticed the confusion thatnwas washed over Ellie's face. \"That play, that...that thing isnwritten by Briony Tallis\" \"Briony Tallis? The author of allnthose Romance novels? But what's it doing here?\" Ellie shook her head, unable toncomprehend the numerous questions that were entering it. Where didnher grandparents get hold of a play that was written so many yearsnago and by an author they despised? Did they know the woman? Ornperhaps they knew Robbie Turner.. Robbie Turner Ellie thought, was this the same Robbie Turnernepitomised in Briony's recent novel? Ellie couldn't be sure. Butnwhat she was sure of was that she needed answers and she knew thatnthey lied with those on floors below. I'm not really pleased withnthis chapter but I'm glad of the progress it has made in the story.nI am however considering whether I should continue with this storyndue to the fact that no-one seems to read it and I believe it isnquite obvious where it's heading however, if I get a good responsento this chapter I'll continue. I just want to make sure that what Inwrite is enjoyable. ","Summary":" Thentape began to play once more \" I'dnlike to talk now about your new novel, Atonement, which is "},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"The Graduate","Author":"1980s-popito","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11867048","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Graduate \"I'm so proud of you, sweetheart,\" Rosemarie said to her daughter with a smile. Peggy gave her mother a small, weak smile. \"Thanks, Mom,\" she smiled, \"I just wish Buckaroo could've been here.\" Rosemarie nodded a bit. \"I know, dear.\" \"I mean, I know this research opportunity is once in a lifetime, especially for his scientific aspirations, and I couldn't be more proud of him, but I just wish he would've been able to come.\" Peggy's boyfriend of four years now- Buckaroo Banzai- was one year older than her. He had graduated with a doctorate from Merton College the previous year, just like he'd planned; she still attended the college to graduate the year after him. A few months before his girlfriend's graduation, he'd gotten a once in a lifetime chance to study with some of the world's top scientists in a lab in the Netherlands. It was an opportunity he couldn't pass up if he wanted to advance in his science career, but he'd considered turning down the opportunity just so he could be there when she graduated. He only ended up going because she reminded him of the importance of the study and its research, and how it would open so many doors for what he wanted to do in the scientific field; she'd practically made him go. \"You know he wanted to see you graduate,\" Rosemarie commented, \"But you told him he had to go.\" Peggy glanced down at the ground sadly. \"I couldn't not let him go,\" she answered with a sigh, \"I'd ruin his life if I did that.\" \"But you've only made it better,\" Professor Hikita said with a small smile as he walked up to the two women. Professor Tohichi Hikita, the man who had saved Buckaroo Banzai's life and had practically raised him as well. Ever since 1955, when the young scientist's parents were killed in that explosion, the professor had taken over as the young boy's legal guardian. He was the young scientist's father figure and mentor, and had always been there for him and everything involved in his life- which included being there for the young man's girlfriend, Peggy, on her college graduation day. Peggy turned to face the older professor. \"Hi, Professor Hikita,\" she smiled and went to hug the man, \"I didn't know you were coming today.\" Professor Hikita hugged the young woman back. \"Of course I would come,\" he said with a smiled, \"You're like the daughter I never had. And it's true what I said about how you've made his life better.\" The young graduate shrugged a bit. \"I don't know. And even if you are right, I didn't want to change that and ruin his scientific career.\" Rosemarie gave a sad look. \"You wouldn't have ruined his career,\" she said, \"He's already started work on that institute in New Jersey for research.\" \"Well, that's part of the reason I said he should go in the first place. He might meet scientists that he could recruit for the institute, and he could learn even more to help with his own research.\" Before the three could say anything, there was an announcement for all the graduates to line up, and for all the guests to find their seats. The three bid goodbye to each other as the two older adults walked away and toward their seats in the stands while the young graduate walked toward the line of graduates. She stepped in line between two other people she was graduating with whose last names also began with the letters \"Si\", like her own. Peggy felt her heart begin to pound in her chest as the iconic graduation song began to play. Was she a bit nervous about the ceremony? Of course she was, this was graduation for earning her doctorate degree. Working and earning a doctorate is not an easy task, especially in science. Working for a doctorate is a challenging task in general, and not everyone you run into on the street could say that they earned their doctorate- not to mention through a full scholarship to an overseas college- so it was definitely something to be proud of. But she'd be lying if she said that she didn't want her boyfriend to be in the stands and there with her while it happened. Peggy was the one who convinced Buckaroo to go to the lab in the Netherlands. Was it a hard thing for her to agree to? Of course it was. The research experiment was supposed to take a period of six months, and so far, it had only been five. That meant that she was graduating during the beginning of the six month of research. Because of this, he had considered turning down his chance just to see her graduate. While she was so thankful to have a boyfriend that cared about her enough to skip such an opportunity, she couldn't and wouldn't let him do that. She said that it was fine for him to go and miss the ceremony and for him to go to the Dutch lab, since it was most likely his only chance to do research in that lab with so many great scientists. Everyone she'd explained this to her had only slightly understood her logic, but they just shrugged and said that it was her love life, and that's what she got for falling in love with a fellow scientist. Peggy sat with her legs crossed as the Dean of the college gave his congratulatory speech. She looked over to the crowd, trying to locate where her parents and Professor Hikita were sitting in the stands. She scanned the whole area that they'd told her they would be sitting in and stopped when she located the three. She saw her mother with her camera, and the young woman couldn't help but smile at the familiar scene. Her father sat next to her mother, a proud smile and look embodying his facial features. Professor Hikita was at the other side of her mother, an equally proud smile on his face. \"Margaret Simpson,\" the Dean called as the person in front of her walked back to their seat. The audience applauded her as she took a deep breath and walked up the steps of the small stage. She walked across to the Dean, who handed her the diploma she'd worked so hard for. \"Congratulations, Peggy,\" he whispered with a smile, and she couldn't help but smile back at the middle aged man. After the ceremony was over, Peggy met up with her parents and Professor Hikita. They all congratulated her and hugged her, her mother taking as many pictures as she possibly could. \"We have a surprise for you,\" Professor Hikita said with a smile once they'd all calmed down a bit. Before Peggy could question that three of them, a person walking through the crowd caught her eye. She smiled when she realized that the tall, slender man who carried a bouquet of red roses in his hand was her boyfriend. She ran over to him and hugged him, burying her head in his chest. He quickly wrapped his arms around her smaller frame, holding her tight against his torso as if he hadn't seen her in years rather than a few months. As he held her close to him, he planted a soft kiss on her left temple, then nestled his own head into the crook of her neck. Buckaroo's experimental work in the lab in the Netherlands had finished a month earlier than any of them had planned. He had got on a place two days previous and took it to England, and got to England the previous day. He slept for a good twelve hours when he reached the country, since he didn't really get an ounce of sleep on the plane ride to the country. Then, during the ceremony, he'd snuck in without his girlfriend noticing, and he'd sat himself in the seat behind Rosemarie Simpson and Professor Hikita so she wouldn't see him quite yet and he could surprise her- and he saw it had worked like a charm. \"What're you doing here?\" Peggy asked him eagerly, her voice slightly muffled, \"I thought you were going to be in the Netherlands for another month before you came back?\" Buckaroo shook his head and smiled at her as he looked at her. \"We finished early,\" he answered, his smile still in place and he ran his hand through her blonde hair. \"Have you been here the whole ceremony?\" \"Right behind your mother and the professor. And you know what, Peggy?\" \"What?\" His smile grew slightly. \"I couldn't be prouder of you.\" Peggy smiled again and she stood up on her tip toes and planted a soft kiss on his lips, and Buckaroo didn't hesitate to kiss her back. The two pulled away, and held each other tighter for dear life. ","Summary":" The Graduate \"I'm so proud of you, sweetheart,\" Rosemarie said to her daughter with a smile. Pegg"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"A Winter Walk","Author":"chronicler-of-knuckles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6804689","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (Kinda a response to the romance challenge. Me being a backwoods sort of gal, this is when and where I fell in love. I guess we all have our own idea of romance.) ========== A Winter Walk \"I can't believe we're doing this.\" Perfect Tommy mumbled, pulling the collar of his coat tighter around his neck. \"It's freezing! Who decided we need to take a peaceful walk through the woods on the coldest day of winter?\" \"Oh, don't be such a sour puss!\" Mrs. Johnson teased. \"Come on, Oddity!\" she called behind her, patting her leg, before taking off running ahead. Knuckles' dog barked excitedly and took chase, easily catching the girl. He jumped and bounced around her, barking and nipping at her as she squealed and giggled, taking playful swats at him. Knuckles stepped up beside Perfect Tommy and leaned into his side. \"Yea. Don't be such a sour puss.\" she mimicked, jabbing him in the ribs. With a growl of his own, Tommy wrapped an arm around her neck and pulled her down into a hold. Having her just where he wanted her, he proceeded to rub his knuckles on her head. \"Hey! Ow!\" Knuckles protested, but it lacked the proper convincement as she laughed. Grabbing his arm, she dropped to her knees, leaned forward, and flipped him over her head. Perfect Tommy landed on his back in the snow with a solid thud that left him momentarily dazed. But the icy snow being shoved down his shirt had him on the quick path to recovery. \"Woe! That's cold!\" he cried. He went to grab the girl. Knuckles quickly scrambled out of reach, jumping to her feet and running to catch up with Mrs. Johnson and Oddity. Rawhide crouched down beside Perfect Tommy. He looked his friend up and down, and sighed, shaking his head. Perfect Tommy looked at him. \"What?\" The big cowboy just grinned and shook his head again. Patting his shoulder, then taking a hold, he hauled PT to his feet. \"She got you good that time.\" Tommy Boy teased as she jogged passed them backwards. But, no sooner were the words out, than she tripped and fell backwards, landing on her rump with a solid thud of her own in the cold snow. \"Oof.\" Oddity, hearing this new commotion, came running back down the trail, pouncing on the fallen Cavalier. Wining a mixture of excitement and concern, he sniffed her over good, pushing her back in the snow, assuring himself that there were no injuries. Screaming and laughter sounded, as Tommy Boy wiggled under the dog, only half heartedly fighting him off. Satisfied that she'd live, Oddity proceeded to lick her face spotless... Which did bring a few rather loud protests from TB and quite a few \"ew\"s from the bystanders... ... then leaped away and bounced back up the trail where he, joyfully, attacked Mrs. Johnson, knocking her into the snow and repeating the process. Tommy Boy wiped her face on the back of her sleeve. Chuckling, Thunder offered his hand down to her. \"Nice to know you're loved, eh?\" he asked as he pulled her up into his arms. \"I prefer your kisses.\" she complained. To demonstrate, she held her head up and waited for his warm lips. But Thunder frown. \"What do you say we get your face washed first?\" Feigning hurt, Tommy Boy swatted him, stepping away. Good friend that she was, Peggy Banzai was ready to come to her aid. Handing her a properly formed snow ball. Which Tommy Boy wasted no time what so ever in using as she leaped back at her lover, catching him before he had a chance to move, and delivering the icy package down the front of his pants. With one breath, Thunder's face turned all sorts of colors before finally settling on pale blue. With a panicked squeal, he began to hop around desperately trying to shake the snow out of that most sensitive region. Rawhide eyed the altercation with amusement and a little remorse at what he had once had and lost. But then a soft nudge at his elbow reminded him of what he had now. He raised his arm, letting Big Norse scoot under and snuggle into his side. \"Kids.\" he mumbled. \"What? And old folks like us can't have fun?\" Big Norse huffed. Rawhide chuckled. Not bothering to even give her a look, he bent over, scooped her up, legs first, and proceeded to carry her, upside down, up the path. \"Hey!\" she cried, legs kicking in the air, before falling victim to her own giggles. Pecos leaned back against Reno. \"Now why don't you ever sweep me off my feet?\" she wondered. Reno shrugged. \"'Cause I'm no where near as big and tough as Rawhide.\" he answered in a kinda nonsolant way. Pecos frowned back at him. \"Well, I'm not as big as Norse neither!\" she pointed out. Reno stopped. He looked her up and down. Then, with a sigh, he reached down and scooped up two handfuls of snow, and handed her one. \"What's this for?\" Pecos wondered. \"It was bound to happen... any minute now.\" Reno explained. \"I just thought we should, you know, be prepared.\" Pecos' brow wrinkled as she thought about that. Then, with an impish smirk, she splattered the snow ball right on Reno's nose. Reno stood very still for a moment, eyes closed, letting the wet and cold drip down his face. Then his eyes snapped open and the corner of his lips twitched up. With a cry, Pecos spun about and made a run for it. When Reno didn't take immediate chase, Buckaroo asked \"So?\" \"Just a minute.\" Reno hushed him as he watched her run. He let her get half way up the path before he whistled and called \"Here, Oddity! Come here, boy!\" Oddity spun about on command and came bouncing back down the path, bowling over anyone and everyone who just happened to be in his way... which included Peggy, Perfect Tommy, and, finally, Pecos. Then Reno ran up and pounced on her. Straddling her middle, he held the squealing girl down with one hand while lifting her shirt with the other. Pecos screamed when he planted his snow ball right on her bare belly. Peggy winced. She put a finger to her ear and looked up at her husband as he came up and offered her a hand. \"So much for a peaceful walk through the woods.\" Buckaroo hauled her to her feet, wrapping his warm arms securely around her middle. \"I don't know.\" He looked around at his Cavaliers, each in the midst of the struggle of a life time to get whoever happened to be in the way covered in more snow than he or she happened to be in. Nowhere was there even the slightest sign that these people were warriors; scientist at the top of their particular study; guardians of the world as a whole; teachers of basic life; survivors... Some were killers in their own right. Some had suffered the worse... hell, one or two of them had even died at one time or another. But here, right now... there was no fear, no hatred, no anger, no pain, no bad guys, no evil... The crisp winter air was alive with laughter and squeals and playful curses. Snow balls were cutting through the air. Lovers were tackling one another in an excuse just to hold on to each other. Buckaroo took his wife's hand in one of his, wrapped the other around her waist, and danced her up and around the top of the path. \"It's all music to my ears.\" ","Summary":" (Kinda a response to the romance challenge. Me being a backwoods sort of gal, this is when and wher"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"And This Is Why I Don't Bring You Along","Author":"PennyHill","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5665769","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: And This Is Why I Don't Bring You Along Characters: Rawhide & Perfect Tommy Summary: Created for Word of the Week Challenge. Week 2 Challenge Word, \"Car Wreck\". Rawhide and Perfect Tommy apply for insurance for the jet car. Rating: PG Warnings: None Disclaimer: I do not own any rights to any characters in the Buckaroo Banzai universe. Any OC's created are mine. \"So, is Ms. Paxton a brunette or blond?\" asked Perfect Tommy as he quickly surfed the satellite radio stations. He couldn't stand country, which was of course Rawhide's preference. But out of respect, he was looking for some sort of middle ground. Unfortunately for the both of them, he hadn't found it yet. Rawhide drew in a deep breath. He loved Tommy like a brother. However, like with all families, those closest to you were also the ones who could try your patience the most. \"She's a brunette,\" he replied tersely. Looking both ways before making his turn at the stop sign, he added, \"Don't make me remind you again of how important of an insurance agent she is.\" Perfect Tommy stopped playing with the satellite radio and feigned a look of hurt. \"I completely understand the situation.\" He paused and then continued with mock seriousness. \"She's the one assigned to the Institute's policies and gives the final recommendation of approval before the board. Rawhide, I promise I'll be on my best gentlemanly behavior.\" Satisfied with his response he turned his attention back to the satellite radio. \"Besides, if I didn't believe that this was an important appointment I wouldn't have worn one of my best Armani's.\" Rawhide rolled his eyes and let out a sigh. He really didn't see a need for Tommy to be there. He had worked with Ms. Paxton on numerous projects and this one wasn't any different. Not that different? This is the vehicle that Buckaroo's going to go thru a mountain with. Okay, he admitted to himself. Maybe it was more than a little different than the Institute's typical project. But still, it was Buckaroo's preference to having Perfect Tommy tag along than his own. Tommy helped with the mechanical design of the jet car. You may need to have his technical assistance but more importantly, it'll be a good learning experience for him. He shook his head. Perfect Tommy smirked and then asked, \"What are you shaking your head about now?\" Exasperated, Rawhide answered, \"Nothing.\" Perfect Tommy's expectations of Ms. Paxton were exceeded. She was smartly dressed in a dark gray suit and a white French cuff shirt, all complemented by a soft blue silk scarf tied loosely around her neck. Her long brown hair was tied loosely in a low pony tail and her full lips shimmered slightly from her pale pink lip gloss. She easily could have modeled for Vogue or Elle. While reaching for his business card, Perfect Tommy could not help but flash a charming smile and complement her on her attire. As they sat down, Rawhide glared his silent reminder of \"You promised that you would behave yourself.\" To which Tommy responded with just a raised eyebrow as he casually leaned back in the mission style visitor's chair. Ms. Paxton put her glasses down on the large drawing lying in front of her. \"Do you really expect me to believe that this is street legal,\" she incredulously said, making it more of a statement than a question. \"The exhaust gases from those jet engines will be flaming for at least fifteen feet behind the vehicle.\" Rawhide shifted slightly in his chair. Those big, beautiful brown eyes of her were deceiving; they never missed a trick. He replied matter-of-factly, \"The jet engines are for the experiment. No fuel will be loaded until the jet car arrives at the test site.\" \"So why not just put it on a rollback and save the added expense of… do I dare say loosely, automobile insurance?... Of course, comparing the cost of that to the other needed property damage and personal injury insurance then it's probably a drop in the bucket.\" Rawhide smiled. He had always admired her beauty as well as her intellect. \"To save on transportation costs is the bottom line. And, the combustion engine runs on a special multi-purpose biofuel derivative that needs to be tested. It would be more difficult to achieve the required number of test hours if we moved the jet car on a rollback from test site to test site.\" Ms. Paxton nodded, picked up her glasses again and began to examine some of the other documents that Rawhide had attached to the drawing. After a few minutes she asked off-handedly, \"And so what is your involvement in all of this Tommy?\" A smug smile started to cross Perfect Tommy's lips. He knew sooner rather than later he would become involved in the conversation. It amused him even more as he saw out of the corner of his eye Rawhide slowly move his hands to his lap and interlace his fingers. He casually raised his leg and rested his ankle on his opposite knee. \"I designed the suspension system and other structural components. \" \"Uh-huh, I see,\" mumbled Ms. Paxton as she continued reading the top report. Unphased, Perfect Tommy continued. \"It's all in my report. It has all of the typical safety features found in commercially available vehicles. Of course, I needed to add in a few extra options.\" \"Of course, the extra options that Tommy's referring to are the next generation active recoil absorbers, passive restraint systems, and the like.\" As he said it, Rawhide's fingers interlaced tighter. Tommy snickered. \"Yeah, you can't forget the big, poofy pillows that pop out in case you're in a car wreck.\" Ms. Paxton looked out from over top of her glasses, first at Rawhide and then at Perfect Tommy. \"Big… poofy…pillows? She let out a small smile and then asked, \"Are those some high level technical terms?\" Catching Rawhide's furled brow out of the corner of his eye encouraged Tommy even more. He loved making the old cowboy itch. \"Of course,\" he charmingly replied. \"And being an engineer, I'm well versed in the study of rigid bodies in motion. All of those safety calculations can be a bit overwhelming so it would be my pleasure to show you my work in… more detail.\" Ms. Paxton blushed and raised the report to cover her face as much she could without trying to be too obvious about it. Rawhide's head snapped around and the glare he gave Perfect Tommy said it all. You… are… dead. Perfect Tommy gave a slight shrug and mouthed, \"What?\" No sooner were they outside the insurance agency that Rawhide dropped his briefcase down upon the sidewalk and began to light up a cigarette. After a long draw he said, \"You're impossible.\" Perfect Tommy turned around. He was genuinely surprised at Rawhide's comment. \"I told you that I would behave myself and I feel that I did.\" Just then Rawhide's cell phone rang. He reached inside his suit jacket and pulled it out. \"Huh, imagine that,\" he mumbled. Looking up and seeing Perfect Tommy's puzzled face he said, \"It's a text from Ms. Paxton. She says no worries.\" After putting away his cell phone, Rawhide picked up his briefcase and started to walk down the street to where they had parked earlier in the day. As they were walking, Perfect Tommy's cell phone went off. As he read the text message, he nudged Rawhide and broadly grinned. Relishing Rawhide's puzzled expression this time, he said, \"Ms. Paxton wants a tutor.\" ","Summary":" Title: And This Is Why I Don't Bring You Along Characters: Rawhide & Perfect Tommy Summary: Created"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"Undertones","Author":"Random Guise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13043316","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: A short prequel to the film Casablanca. Undertones Whack. The sound of the flyswatter dispatching another fly echoed throughout the Moroccan bar and social hall known as the Blue Parrot. The wielder of the insect squashing device was the owner of the business, Signor Alberto Ferrari. To the casual eye he was just a large man dressed in a white Panama-style suit and fez cap ridding the room of pests; in actuality, he was carefully scanning the rooms he traveled through, monitoring his customers' activities. Whack. That some of those activities were of questionable legality he was certain; his concern was only to make sure that nothing too egregious transpired that would reflect on his establishment. He moved with ease around tables and chairs, through bead curtains and more than one hidden doorway. Even in a small gambling room in the back that had no windows and where the only movement away from the card table was a slowly-turning ceiling fan, the late September day in 1940 was very hot. Whack. Ferrari looked over the table and left, making a mental note of which players had accumulated the most chips to that point. It was early in the day, and although he didn't have a player at the table he certainly had an interest in what drinks, food and cigarettes they consumed while trying to cheat each other out of whatever money they had brought. The house always won in the end, no matter which player had been lucky on that particular day. He was browsing his stockroom when one of his young new employees entered. \"Boss, the prefect is here to see you\" he announced nervously. \"Calm yourself, Benemar. I have told you before, as a successful businessman I have a great respect and admiration of the local police and enjoy good relations with them. Please tell him I will be out in a moment and offer him any refreshment he desires.\" The worker hurried out and Ferrari finished looking over the latest shipment from Oran and unhurriedly made his way out to the front and into the main room. Captain Louis Renault, Chief of Police of Casablanca and figurehead of the Vichy French sat at a table somewhat off to one side of the center of the room. His seating placement was carefully considered; not so far to one side that it looked like he wanted to speak privately, but at the same time far enough away from the nearest occupied tables that a private conversation could be had. A pleasant innocuous conversation could be had with more serious undertones that would remain unspoken. Ferrari gave the man credit; as corrupt policemen went the man was intelligent, modest, and kept as low a profile as possible while riding the turbulent waves that were the politics of the times. Paris had fallen to the Germans, but so far only Herr Heinz of the Third Reich was a reminder that the Fatherland was trying to stretch its reach over Africa as well as Europe. At least Renault could be bought off to a degree, as long as it didn't violate whatever undisclosed personal and professional code he had; there was no such possibility with the Germans as far as Ferrari could determine. \"Captain Renault, a pleasure as always\" Ferrari said as he approached the table. \"Would you mind if I sit with you?\" \"The pleasure is all mine Signor Ferrari, please be my guest\" Renault invited as he waved at the other chair. Whack. Ferrari sat after scooping the dead fly away. \"Sorry I was detained, I was in the stockroom. Does your drink need refreshing?\" \"No, my mineral water is fine thank you\" he answered. Oddly, it seemed to be a mineral water that reeked of alcohol. \"I am happy to see business is good, Signor. I am reminded that it was nearly ten years ago you came to Casablanca with little more than the clothes on your back and a dream. You are to be congratulated.\" He raised his glass in an informal toast and took a sip. In a sense it was true, much like the fact that Renault's drink did contain some mineral water. Ferrari had arrived ten years ago, escaping an Italy that was turning increasingly Fascist and a fiancé that was fanatically embracing the movement. He however had no love for any particular political viewpoint, preferring to concentrate on amassing his own business empire. Running afoul of a local city politician, he was forced to flee the well-connected man and arrived in Casablanca with a price on his head if he should step on Italian soil again. His dream was to take the large roll of cash he had hidden in his coat lining and build his empire free from politics. So naturally the first step was to financially secure the good graces of the local police. The then fresh-faced Lieutenant Renault was receptive to his offer, and together they both prospered. \"The congratulations are not mine alone, for Casablanca is an island of justice and stability thanks in great part to the tireless work of the local police\" Ferrari offered back. Renault was a true patriot, and really did believe that a stable city would help the French cause. His vices were few, but Ferrari knew that women figured in most of them. If it could be arranged for the prefect to have more than average luck at games of chance or access to certain luxury goods that were beneficial at wooing various lady friends on occasion, it was a small price that Ferrari just figured in as an operating expense. And if Ferrari came across information about a competing black-market businessman and it somehow fell into the hands of an eager to be promoted Renault, then why shouldn't they both benefit? Other smaller operators like Signor Ugarte offered no real competition and were encouraged to pick up what crumbs they could from the fringe customers. Renault leaned back. \"We strive for just such an environment, and want Casablanca to be a showcase for not only Africa but the world; it's exciting to see it opening up to become a leading market.\" A leading market for black-market goods, banned imports and exports, exit visas for the increasing tide of fleeing Europeans, and of course all the currency trading that made such transactions possible. Ferrari had a hand in much of the black market, and his Blue Parrot was a perfect blend of legitimate saloon and hub of more illicit business. Whack. But even with all that, Ferrari wasn't satisfied. He had a sizable bank account, connections that could get him any goods he wanted, and a very nice house. But what he wanted was a respectability that still eluded him. He wanted to be looked up to not as someone who was rich and powerful, but as someone who exuded class . Try as he might, it seemed just out of reach because he was missing something. Clunk. That fly got away. As he watched it fly off his eyes fell on the whole of the room and he could feel the inadequacy. His place was nice, but it wasn't classy . He sighed and returned his thoughts to Renault. \"Thank you again for the congratulations Captain Renault, but was that the reason you stopped by today? Perhaps we'll see you tonight with a special lady?\" Renault laughed \"Not tonight, I have to babysit Herr Heinz with some new 'suggestions' on how to monitor subversive elements.\" They both laughed. \"No, I just came to ask a question. My department has become aware of inquiries from an American named Rick Blaine. Have you heard of him?\" \"No, can't say I have\" Ferrari said as he searched his memory. \"Should I have?\" \"Not necessarily. It seems he's been run out of Paris by the Germans too, and is looking to set up a bar in Casablanca when he arrives. We have no information on him yet and I thought you might have heard of him.\" \"I've never done business with the man, but if he comes to Casablanca then I no doubt believe we shall cross paths. Casablanca can always use another honest businessman.\" They both laughed again and Renault excused himself. Ferrari remained sitting and pondered just what his life was missing. Whack. The End A/N: Sydney Greenstreet's character was minor in the film, but as friendly business rivals he and Humphrey Bogart's Rick would have had much more interaction than was shown on screen. It seemed to me that Ferrari was there first and realized in seeing Rick's café just what a classy establishment was really like and it would be one of the main reasons he was so eager to purchase it. Also, he would have had a professional veneer that would cover a great deal of activity that was hidden away, the business equivalent of an iceberg. ","Summary":" A/N: A short prequel to the film Casablanca. Undertones Whack. The sound of the flyswatter dispatch"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"All Through the Night, A Tale of a Timeless Love","Author":"IEatCats22","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9766180","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is a short romantic poem-fic, about a romance that is subtly hinted at in the real movie. I have examined \"Casablanca\" many times over, and I am now certain of this unspoken, but very hinted at, love, between Ilsa Lund, and one very sexy fat man. Injoy! All night by the Fat Man All night by the Fat Man I lay Over my body, suffocating and warm Like a massive white snow hill, he lay All night by the Fat Man All night by the Fat Man I lay I saw he was wearing only his fez and pleaded for it to stay All night by the Fat Man All night by the Fat Man I lay Since abandoned by Rick and Laszlo both, Who'd run off together, because they were gay All night by the Fat Man All night by the Fat Man I lay He wore a black leather gimp suit and fez and I wore red lengirey All night by the Fat Man All night by the Fat Man I lay My one true love I had finally found, in the Blue Parrot cabaret THE END A/N: My s pelling and grammar are better now, because my 11-year-old daughter Zilla (short for Godzilla-don't ask) is doing quite good in English class, and has offered to prove read my stories for me. My boyfriend named Michael Bob also did a quick edit. (MIchael Bob is sadly not a big fat guy like in this tale, but he is wearing a lampshade on his head right now, and it looks kinda like a fez.) ","Summary":" A/N: This is a short romantic poem-fic, about a romance that is subtly hinted at in the real movie."},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"The End and The Beginning","Author":"Esin of Sardis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10163106","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In honor of my 18th birthday, here is a short fic :) It's rather unconventional, but I hope you enjoy it. Outside the window, the streets were flooded with people. Bits of paper and confetti floated through the air. It seemed there was always more to toss through the window. The cheers and shouts could be heard clearly through the closed window. Ilsa Laszlo leaned her forehead against the window. She couldn't help the smile that pulled lightly at her lips. They were safe. The war was over. No more weeks of worrying. No more need to fear. For she had always thought, in the back of her mind, that the Nazis would win. That they would follow her and Victor to America. That the running would begin again. The glass was cool against her forehead. May hadn't yet turned into summer. Below her, children and adults alike celebrated in the streets. The terror of war was gone. The soldiers would come home. All could be well in the world again. Perhaps. The balcony window looked east. Beyond the buildings and the sea was Europe. Europe, and Casablanca. Victor came to stand beside her, his hand resting on her back. \"There were times,\" he said, \"I thought this day might never come.\" \"Don't say that,\" she said. \"You had faith. I know you did.\" She was the faithless one. She was the one to lose hope. Not him though. Not Victor Laszlo. He was strong. \"Perhaps,\" he said, \"I simply didn't know my own faith.\" Ilsa laughed softly, not out of amusement, but as a response, an acknowledgment. She did that a lot nowadays. She didn't have words. Not for him. She wished—oh, she wished with all her heart that she did. But there was a gap between them. Even more so now that the war was over. There was nothing to distract him from her anymore. Now their flat wouldn't be hers alone. He would be around. \"Ilsa?\" He sounded as if he had been trying to get her attention for some time. \"Yes?\" \"Are—are you happy here?\" \"In New York?\" On the street below, a few young boys hoisted one of their friends on their shoulders, parading him around best they could in the crowd. He wobbled back and forth, but the wide grin on his face didn't falter. \"With me,\" Victor corrected. Ilsa turned from the window to face him. There were more scars on his face than she remembered. How long had it been since she'd looked at him properly? Months? Memory failed her. He certainly was no longer handsome by any conventional means. When exactly had he lost that? She didn't know. She was wife and she couldn't say how he'd gotten his scars. \"Of course I'm happy,\" Ilsa said. \"The war is over. What is there to be sad about?\" \"That's not what I asked.\" He took each of her hands in his. His hands were warm and dry. His eyes were deep and sad. \"Are you happy, Ilsa?\" \"I—\" She couldn't lie to him. Not like this. She knew that he knew that she knew that he knew about Paris and… and Rick. Neither of them had ever mentioned the subject directly. It was easier that way. \"I don't know.\" His eyes fell from hers and came to rest on their joined hands. Joined as they had been on their wedding day. \"It's safe now,\" he said. \"We have money. I'm sure there's a plane, perhaps even directly to Casablanca, or through Lisbon…\" Ilsa glanced out the window. Anywhere but him. The children in the apartments across the street threw confetti from their balcony. The youngest was too small to throw the bits of paper properly. She hung to one of the bars while opening and closing her empty hand over the street below. \"There… no,\" Ilsa said. \"Don't.\" Rick had done the thinking for the both of them. He'd sent her to America to be with Victor. There was no going back. Even if she tried, Rick would only buy her another ticket back for her and her freshly broken heart. \"We've made our choices. There's no going back.\" Victor nodded, still looking down at their hands. \"Then… Then I'd…\" He paused, searching for words. His head straightened and his eyes met hers. There was depth, intelligence, feeling. It had always been there, from the first days she'd known him. It was there now. \"I want you to be happy, Ilsa. That is all I've ever wanted. You were happy in Paris—yes, I know, there's no need to say it—and I want you to be happy like that always.\" \"I'm not unhappy,\" Ilsa said. \"You're not happy either. Perhaps it's my fault. I've been gone so often and you've been alone here—\" \"Oh no, I don't mind.\" She enjoyed the time to herself. In America, for the first time she could remember, she could sit and read or think without worries of Nazis breaking down the door. It was wonderful. Victor sighed, starting then stopping several sentences before deciding what he wished to say. \"You won't return to Casablanca?\" \"I can't. That time is over, for good or ill.\" Her heart ached to return. Rick was there. She loved him. But staying in America was smart and right. And she wasn't unhappy here. That much was true. \"Then, perhaps, you would consider…\" He spoke each word deliberately, carefully, looking her straight in the eye. She had never seen him so unnerved around her. He'd never needed to measure his speech to her. \"…as I am your husband and you have decided to stay… Could you find happiness, here, with me?\" Ilsa could not contain her sharp intake of breath, though she regretted the look that flashed through his eyes at the sound. \"I do not ask for love you cannot give,\" he said. \"It is been many years since we were both in love. But I wish to offer you what happiness you wish from me. I… I do not wish you to regret your choice.\" Tears filled Ilsa's eyes and she grasped Victor's hands tighter. \"I do love you,\" she said. \"I always loved you. Perhaps I haven't shown it, but I do.\" \"You do? But—\" \"There is space in my heart for more than one love,\" Ilsa said, believing the words only as she said them. And it was true. She loved Rick with all her heart. Yet at the same time, she loved Victor. Neither love was the same, but she knew suddenly what she had hidden from herself for so long: she could be happy with Victor. Truly, truly happy. Victor brushed her cheek softly, cupping her face with his hand. He leaned in slowly to kiss her, his wife, for the first time in years. Ilsa returned his kiss, her husband's, letting her love for him come out from the hidden reaches of her soul. The war was over. It was a new beginning. The start of something beautiful. ","Summary":" In honor of my 18th birthday, here is a short fic :) It's rather unconventional, but I hope you enj"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"Rick's Past Midnight","Author":"April-in-the-chair","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8019141","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The cafe is mercifully dark, and only the hum of flies breaking the silence in the hot, close air. The well worn bar shines dully in the rotating searchlight, winking painfully bright at Rick. He doesn't mind the flies. They seem to be a permanent fixture in this godforsaken place, another part of the background, like the beggars, the dust in the gutters, the unforgiving sun. Maybe even like himself. Rick smiles. He is drunk. Maybe this city has turned him into an inanimate object. It makes sense, in an alcohol-infused sort of way. As the city has slowly infiltrated his body, leeching into him until he breathed it and sweated it and even bled it, he's stopped feeling. Well, sort of. He's become the efficient nervous center of the café, controlling it, but a part of it. It was a good feeling to be part of it. He isn't a complicated creature at the café. He does his job, and watches his customers drink. He is part of the system, catering to the winos and wastrels without touching a drop himself. Well, there are exceptions to every rule, he thinks. He stares contemplatively down at the alarmingly empty glass clutched tight in his hands. But it was a special occasion. But, he tells the glass, But back to being an inanimate object . That's ridiculous, the glass says wearily. No, no. It works out, he insists. Look, maybe I'm not strictly inanimate, but I'm the closest any person gets. Maybe I'm more like a plant, or some tiny, cave dwelling-animal. Or one of these flies. But then how do you explain this whole fiasco? Asks the glass, looking smug. The question of how a wine glass can look like a wine glass and also looks smug gives Rick a headache when he thinks about it. He doesn't think about it for long. Well I wasn't always inanimate, obviously, Rick shrugs . I just became so when I came to this hellhole. Before Casablanca I was a perfectly reputable human being. Almost. Didn't I say that already? You thought it, and I wasn't listening. Demurs the glass. But you still didn't answer my question. Well I was getting to that, wasn't I? Rick narrows his eyes, wondering if anyone would notice if one of the good wine glasses went missing. The wine glass refrains from comment. It was because- because when I was not quite yet inanimate I trusted her. Rick bites his lip. I trusted her with me. Well, sort of. It fits with the metaphor. So I gave her a bit of my young, human self. And when she- after, she still had that part of me, with her. Inside of her. The wine glass scoffs, the impossibility of which is lost upon the very drunk Rick. Rick is wounded. Really! We were- she was- Yes, that's very nice, but how about we jump forward a bit, alright? She comes into the café- And I heard that song, and suddenly it's like I've been resuscitated, like my heart's beating again, and there's that sudden rush of blood to the head and the sensation of falling- Inanimate object, remember? The glass doesn't have much time for Rick's swooning. But the song! 'As Time Goes By', Ha! A glaring reminder of my own mortality, of the memories that still stay in my sentimental, human mind. You objects don't feel the time passing, The glass protests, muttering about rust, but Rick goes on, but for me every day took me farther away from Paris, from her. And then I hear the song again, and she's there, looking at me like that, and it's like the piece of myself is still there, too. And I can feel my old affections and sentiments flooding back, and those old feelings attach themselves to me like a cancer, and suddenly I'm weak, and I don't know what to do, and now everything, everything I've built for myself here, everything I've done is falling apart with one glance from her, with those eyes… The glass muses for a moment. Y'know, you're pretty talkative when you open up to people. Well, things, at least. You should do this more often. Rick places the glass back onto the bar, perhaps a bit harder than necessary. The glass is affronted. Rick leans across the bar and puts his head down in his hands. He groanes. But is it really that bad? The glass has a thought. Glasses only have these sorts of thoughts in sensational fiction, animated children's movies, and the presence of the highly inebriated. The glass was eager to share it. What? Asked Rick, with only the usual unfriendliness. IT doesn't seem so bad, the whole 'feelings' thing. Oh please. Rick is disgusted at the glass, or his subconscious, or whoever has planted such an idea in his mind. No, because you say that you don't like it. But without being animate at some point you would never have met her in the first place, or have done anything, really. No Casablanca for you. No Rick's American café. No getting very drunk and hallucinating conversations with plucky wineglasses. The wineglass has the air of one firmly on the top of a very large mountain, trying to convince the rest of his party to come up and enjoy the view. It is maddening. No. Rick buries his head even deeper in his arms. I'm not- you- you can't say that! Behind his arms Rick squints his arms accusingly. That makes even less sense than the rest of this damned conversation! I don't know, Mr. Rick, maybe you should stay off of the liquor. Says the glass, who is maybe Rick, or maybe someone else entirely by now. Rick, in a very animate gesture, gives up. He sinks into deep, warm sleep, where his Old Ghosts stay ghosts, and never talk to him. It is a relief. ","Summary":" The cafe is mercifully dark, and only the hum of flies breaking the silence in the hot, close air. "},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"Play It Again Sam","Author":"lederra","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11758213","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Play It Again Sam! Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters from the Casablanca universe, they are the sole property of their creator, I am merely borrowing them for this story and I make no money from this or any other story that I write for this site. Summary: The pianist is asked to play a certain song again for Ilse for the sake of old memories. A/N: Casablanca is a timeless classic of the film industry and it is one I remember with fondness from my childhood, I remember it be a fond favourite of my late father . I know that the line 'Play it again Sam' was never spoken in the film but it is a line that I think many fans of the film would have wished had been. The bar smelled of stale cigarette smoke and undrunk beers but Ilse did not mind, as she sat at a table at the back of the room partly hidden in the shadows. It brought back memories to her of a time when she had been truly happy, she was happy now with the man she was with but it did not have the same excitement that she had had when she had been with Rick, it was not the same edginess to it and a part of her missed those times with the eagerness of a child reaching out for something which she knew she could never have again. Piano music could be heard playing and she glanced over and saw Sam playing away almost quietly in the darkened bar, she smiled to herself as she thought of the times when Sam had played for her, in the bar, that she had met Rick in. It had not been that dissimilar to this one, though not as dangerous as this one she mused to herself after all that one had not been ruled over government-wise by the Nazis. As she sat there, she let her mind drift to happier times, before the war, before she had left Rick, heck even before she had set foot in that first bar of Rick's, so much had changed in the last few years, so many people were gone, either through moving on or dead,so much changed and would never be the same again. She smiled sadly to herself as she thought of how she had hurt Rick, she had not meant to but she knew when she had left him, that Rick might miss her, if only for a few seconds as a passing thought or perhaps for a few days, she had not seriously thought he would miss her for longer than that. The sound of people laughing and singing at the bar brought her mind and thoughts back to the booth, where she sat in the shadows, the piano playing a little louder than it had been. Smiling to herself, she mouthed the words, at the sound of a familiar tune ending. \"Play it again Sam!\" ","Summary":" Play It Again Sam! Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters from the Casablanca universe, the"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"Escape: Casablanca","Author":"WriterWade","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7434735","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ESCAPE: CASABLANCA Rick's Café Americain, July, 1941 Rick's was full that night. It usually was. Sam tickled the ivories with his usual grace and good humor. Good old Sam; I was going to miss him when I left. I suppose I'd better enjoy him while I had the chance. My contact would be there soon. While I was waiting, I might as well have something to eat. A nice Polish sausage would be great right about now, but that was probably asking a bit much. There was no Poland anymore…not officially. Nazis notwithstanding, they probably couldn't get good Polish sausages here, anyway. Fish; fish looked good. Once I got it, it tasted good, too. I felt like I hadn't eaten in days, so the plate of food didn't last long. The waiter came and removed the plate and brought me a whiskey. From behind, I noticed a man walk in and directly to the bar. His hair was brown and slicked back, and he wore a white tuxedo jacket and black bow tie. That may be the man I'm supposed to meet. He was saying something to Sasha, the bartender. They talked for a minute, and then the man turned toward me. No, it wasn't the contact I was supposed to meet, but I recognized him, just the same. This guy was a regular. He was a gambler. I think a roulette player; that's probably what he was, anyway. That was the most popular game in the back. Everybody knew there was a back room with gambling in it. The staff, the patrons, hell, even the police knew. It's not like 'illegal' gambling was a big blip on anybody's radar, anyway. And if anybody – the wrong anybody – felt like sticking their big snout in, there was a big guy named Abdul who was usually by the door. What was more important to the police than his gambling was that he was a document forger. He did just about any documents people needed. But he made his real money supplying the one thing people in Casablanca really wanted – exit visas. Louis Renault, the Prefect of Police in Casablanca, was also in the business. He made sure that his signature was required on every exit visa going out of town. He didn't do it for free, either. He ran a nice little side business charging for the privilege of his signature. Most times, it was cash; but on occasion, he would settle for the company of a good woman (or a not so good woman.) A few minutes after Ugarte had made his way into the back room, my contact did arrive. I didn't dare approach him immediately, though. It would be safer to bump into him later. Who knew who might be watching? I wasn't exactly going the legal route; as if there was one, according to the Nazis. He just ordered a drink at the bar. Apparently, Sasha was in a talkative mood tonight. As I kept watching, they seemed like they were having a lengthy conversation about something. It could have been the weather, the latest news of the war, or how the kitchen staff was handling the shortages for all I knew. I ordered another whiskey and halfway through it, decided to make my move. Before I could even get up from my table, an older gentleman asked to join me. It was my contact, I was sure of it. I had taken my eyes off him and was concentrating on ordering my 2nd drink, and that's when he must have decided to come over. I invited him to sit, and like any good salesman, he started with an introduction and a friendly smile. \"Bonsior. Mon nom est Rémy.\" \"Good evening, Rémy. You can speak English. I am from Poland, but am speaking nothing but English now.\" Rémy paused for a moment. He seemed to be searching for his words. Then he bit his upper lip and started again, in English. \"Nice to meet you. Do you like Rick's?\" He seemed to have more trouble with his English than I. But of course, I practiced mine with an almost-religious fervor. \"Yes, I do.\" We chatted about this and that for a few more minutes until we got comfortable with one another and our surroundings. Then we ordered another round of drinks and got ready to get down to business. \"So, you are finally ready to leave Casablanca? Good for you. A man is waiting to take you.\" \"Good. Yes, I'm ready to leave. Who?\" (ahem). I cleared my throat to warn Rémy of an approaching ear, or more precisely, a pair of them. They belonged to the waiter. He checked on our drinks, which we had let get some age on them. We downed them quickly and ordered another round. We waited until the waiter returned with them before picking up where we'd left off. \"Who do I meet?\" \"There's going to be a black man at the marina tonight. His name is Chiamaka. He is the captain of a boat that will take you to Portugal. Your passage has been arranged. You will pay him. Bring 12,000 francs in cash.\" \"12,000? I thought the price we agreed on was 10,000?\" \"Recent circumstances have forced me to go up on the price. It is going to be harder to get you out of Casablanca than I first thought.\" \"But we had a deal.\" \"I told you, costs have gone up. I did not realize you were a wanted man.\" \"I was a soldier in Poland. I did my part, no more, no less than others.\" I was starting to get testy. He had told me 10,000 francs, and that's what I had put aside. Of course I had a little more for my expenses getting to Lisbon, and for once I was there, but he didn't need to know that. He was stammering again; probably looking for words in English. \"I am not sure why the Germans want you so bad, but you are on their wanted list.\" I was on their list, alright. I was sure of it. I was a unit commander in the Polish resistance after the invasion. The group I commanded broke into a small communications center outside of Kalisz. We went in and killed everybody, then blew up the equipment. I have no idea how they found out I was a part of it. Everybody in the unit, there were 8 of us, was sworn to secrecy and totally committed to repelling the invaders. I really don't think any of my men would have betrayed me, or our cause. We all had families and lives to protect. \"I do not know where you come by your information, but I am simply a man trying to get to freedom. I do not have 12,000 francs, anyway.\" \"I fail to see how that's my problem. Look, since you were unaware of this development, maybe I can do it for a little less, but only a thousand less. I must have 11,000 francs.\" I paused for a moment to make Rémy think I was considering his offer. Of course I could come up with an extra thousand francs, that wasn't the problem. It was insulting to have to. What did my being a wanted man have to do with the expenses he claimed to have laid out, anyway. He wasn't the one risking his neck, here. \"Yes,\" I finally said. \"We have a deal. 11,000 francs.\" We talked for perhaps another half hour, and laid out the plans for my getaway. I was to meet Chiamaka at the marina at midnight. When I left Rick's, that would give me an hour, or perhaps a little longer, to get my things together and get there. Just as an added precaution, I left soon after our conversation had concluded. He stayed there for a bit, perhaps to talk to another client, perhaps just to avoid leaving at the same time as me. He would leave eventually, and go to collect money from some other poor slob like me. I would have to consider my dilemma later. For now, I had only one purpose: to get on that ship and get out of Casablanca. Thinking about things like betrayal would just have to wait. I hurried back to my tiny one-room apartment above a dry goods store and quickly packed the few meager belongings that I felt necessary. I would say a quick 'goodbye' to this place, most likely never to return. That's ok, there's not much about Casablanca that I will miss. With 40 minutes left, I departed for the marina. By car, it was perhaps a 15 minute trip at best. Of course, I didn't have a car, so I was on foot. And I had to stay in the shadows; there was a curfew in Casablanca. I walked down one dusty street after another; turning first this way, then that. I kept glancing around for any sign of police presence, but found none. I was alone with my thoughts, but even that was not comforting. I was cutting it close. Finally, I could hear the waves. I turned the corner one last time and walked onto the docks of the marina. I looked around for any prying eyes that might be here and also to find my wayward boat captain. After a short time, I spotted the ship I was looking for. It was called the Blackbird. As I got to within spitting distance of the boat, a tall and skinny black man stepped out of the hold. He asked if I needed something, and I told him I was there to pick up a package for Señor Ferrari. That was the code that Rémy had told me to use. At that, the boat captain smiled and introduced himself as Chiamaka. He looked to be a genuinely happy person. Dressed in long pants and sandals, he was not at all what I was expecting. I don't know exactly what I was expecting – just that he wasn't it. His eyes darted around quickly for any eavesdroppers. Since he saw none, he relaxed and smiled bigger. I handed him the satchel I had carried from my tiny one-room apartment; the one containing 11,000 carefully counted out francs. I was welcomed aboard the rocking ship and quickly shown the layout and the storeroom I would be using as my makeshift cabin for the 4-day journey to Lisbon. Chiamaka asked if I had any questions or concerns before we cast off. I told him that I didn't. By the time he untied the ship from its moorings and we set sail, I was settled into my temporary home. Now I could relax and get some sleep. I should also have plenty of time to think about who had betrayed me to the Nazis…and why. ","Summary":" ESCAPE: CASABLANCA Rick's Café Americain, July, 1941 Rick's was full that night. It usually was. Sa"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"Gambling Man","Author":"Mia-Hood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6379496","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Gambling Man With the war over, there was no avoiding it anymore. Conversations teetered off into awkward silences and strained looks passed between them even as the celebrations of victory raged around them. \"When are you leaving?\" Rick is blunt and nonchalant as always, but Louis hears the tension beneath the veneer, the accent on the \" you \" not \" we \". Louis doesn't even feign ignorance. The winds of the world had changed and a fresh bold breeze from Europe rolled in, carrying with it the smell of a victorious and liberated homeland across the sea. Rick seemed quite undisturbed by it and the effect it had on his companion. Nothing – not Allied victory nor some silly enamored Frenchman – could convince him to return to that place. Louis smirked at his friend's apparent indifference. If that is the way he wants to be then so be it. He leaves on the next plane to Paris and doesn't look back. Louis had always been a gambling man. Watching the seasons change in the City Of Lights, though, makes him suspect that perhaps this time Rick won't let him win. After all, Louis knows all too well that Rick is a stubborn man. (Refusing to forget about one woman for seven years is most certainly the mark of one.) He tells himself that this is the reason Rick hasn't followed him yet – after all, swallowing one's pride takes time – because the alternative is simply unacceptable. As the days pass on, he increasingly feeds a sense of indignation. Had he not given up a completely satisfactory post as Prefect of Police in Casablanca to follow Rick into the life of a freedom fighter in Godforsaken Brazzaville? Was it really fair for Rick to deny him a similar favor? For seven months, these thoughts keep him generally content with his position on the matter. More importantly, they keep the shadow of doubt growing on the fringes of his mind at bay … for now, at least. It's the coldest day of the year when Louis walks into his office, shaking off his coat, to find a man in the seat in front of his desk filling out a restaurant permit. Addressing him in perfunctory French, he informs him that he has the wrong man – Public Records are on the door to the left and furthermore – \"Rick!\" The name leaves his mouth in a whoosh of exhaled breathe. \"Yeah, it's me,\" the man replies offhandedly, as if they were still in Brazzaville and he had just seen him last night when they had tumbled to sleep in their skivvies. \"So, who do I have to talk to about this permit?\" Louis takes the piece of paper from him and looks over it, attempting to collect his composure off the floor. Merde! He thinks as he sees the price. Even with the savings he knew Rick had accumulated on their travels and inflation quickly making the franc extinct, he knew it must have taken months to save up enough to make the purchase. Seven months, he'd wager. Suddenly Rick was standing in front of him – close but not nearly as close as he wants him to be. Louis hands the paper back, fingers trembling slightly. Rick places his hand over the one with the proffered paper. He takes it with the other hand and places it on Louis' desk without once looking away from his face. He looks at their clasped hands and absently kisses Louis' knuckles. The Frenchman closes his eyes at the touch of lips on skin. \"I was beginning to think …\" Louis starts lightly, forcing half of a smile, eyes now keen on Rick's face. \"That you weren't coming.\" Rick stares back at him, his face unreadable as usual, except for the slight furrowing of his brow. He lets go of Louis' hand and grasps the back of his neck, fingers running through the hair at the nape. He closes his eyes, breath caught in his throat, as he lets the tenderness of Rick's touch seep into his bones. Then Rick's other hand finds the lapel of Louis' uniform and he is being yanked into a kiss. The months of waiting, worrying, and wondering flood out of Louis, but he finds that they are matched equally in Rick. If his mouth wasn't quite so pleasantly occupied, Louis might have grinned with victory – and no small measure of relief. When they part, he admits, \"I really thought you wouldn't come.\" I thought you didn't love me, couldn't love me – not like you loved her. A soft lopsided crook of a smile. \"What were you thinking with?\" It's as close as he'll ever come to an admission, but Louis finds he can't help the bubble of laughter rising in his chest. Yes, he'd always been a gambling man. And Rick would always let him win. ","Summary":" Gambling Man With the war over, there was no avoiding it anymore. Conversations teetered off into a"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"April Through September","Author":"o.ForeverYoung.o","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5660364","Passage":"[Chapter 1] April Through September Disclaimer: Yeah, I'm responsible for creating possibly the most romantic film of all time…Don't think so heh. A/N: I've been wanting to write something like this for a long time now, but today I actually decided to force myself to sit down and do it. This is something really new for me, so please let me know what you think. It also has some light sexual themes just to warn you, but not enough that I thought it needed to move up another rating. Anyway, enjoy :) ~*~ In April I met… Let's just call her Amelia. Confident, mysterious, and seductive…She seemed to be channelling some kind of real life femme fatale. I had been working. She smiled up at me from the bar. It was sly, devious, flirtatious. Is it true what they say about you? She had asked me, her eyes looking up at me in a blatant challenge. They were impossibly dark…Black almost. That was the only word I could use to describe her. Black. It wasn't just the colour of her hair and attire. She had a darkness about her that seemed to be constantly diming. We had something in common. Not at all. I told her, pouring us both a drink. My mind was hazy from the liquor, but not enough to erase the vivid memory of you. Shining through, clear as daylight, as I lead her back to my office. I don't even remember her name. ~*~ In May I met Maria. She was beautiful. Soft curls, clean complexion, and a bone structure that could rival Greta Garbo's. However her meek eyes lacked the sparkle of Greta's. Or yours. I could see the entire universe in your eyes. I recognized the look she gave me when we first met. Longing and desire, born from all the wrong reasons. There was a naivety about her, an idealistic view of the world. I had wanted to crush it. My former self would be rolling in his grave. But that was before you left. Now I don't even care. She smells of cinnamon, but my nostrils crave the scent of vanilla. I wonder if you're still buying the same shampoo. I didn't allow her to undress me. Only you were allowed to do that. I did it myself, quickly. She kept trying to slow me down. She wanted to savor it. I wanted it over quickly. I wanted her to try and plug the hole in my heart as quickly as possible. That way if she failed, I wouldn't have to waste any time before trying the gin. She failed. But so did the gin. ~*~ In June I met Gabriella. She was damaged. Like a copper vase that had been dropped and dinted so many times, yet was still holding its shape. Her husband had died. I never asked for the details. I assume it was the war. She would come into the café basically every night. I'd watch her. There was something about her miserable and withdrawn presence that reminded me of someone. Not you…But me. One night when buying a drink, she stayed at the bar with me. Chatting, laughing…flirting. Something I didn't even know how to do properly. The rest was history. We had developed the same routine every night. Her eyes lit up at my sight like yours once did…I reveled in it. I stayed with her for almost the entire month. She told me that she was in love with me. I told her that I loved her. Because to me at least, the two statements hold two entirely different meanings. I was in love with you. Was ? Who am I kidding? However I still thought that she might be it. The cure to the drug that you were… Still are. Yet after a few weeks, your effects began to take over me again. I cursed you then. For breaking me, for breaking her. The lovemaking became mechanical, cold, boring. She became angry and distant. I let her think that it was work. I never told her about you. ~*~ In July I met Elisa. Jittery, frantic, nervous. She never spoke. She was constantly looking over her shoulder, like the spirit of her pastime was looming over her. I didn't know what she was running from. I didn't really care. It actually took me longer than it should have to realize that she was a refugee. Her unruly brown hair pulled into a loose ponytail, her lips soft, but demanding, her small yet strong fingers impatient on me. In me, she found a substitute for something, someone. At least we had that much in common. I liked that she never spoke. Although I doubt she would have asked questions anyway. She knew that I was running from something just as she was. One night she bit down on my earlobe and whispered something to me her own language. That's when I realized that she was French. From Paris perhaps if I really wanted to dwell on thoughts that could destroy me. The way my name rolled off her tongue sounded so similar to the way it did off yours. I could have almost closed my eyes and drifted into a lie. Yes, in many ways she was like you. It only made me miss you more. ~*~ In August I saw Yvonne again. She didn't seem to care how I'd neglected her before, how disrespectful I'd been to her, how miserable I'd made her. She was still willing. She knew exactly what she wanted from me…Revenge. And I knew what I was after. It infuriated me, for all I wanted was to forget. To go back and find solace in this woman that I'd realized long ago couldn't possibly live up to you. That was then though. And now the only thing on my mind was trying to erase you. You consumed me. I wanted to screw her hard and fast, wanted to hear her scream my name in ecstasy, wanted to feel her long, vulgar looking nails dig into my back. I needed a victory over her. I got it, but it was a hollow one. Because all I remember was how empty I felt when it was over. ~*~ In September I find myself alone. Alone in the café. Well, not entirely... Gin is keeping me company these days. Shadows and smoke drift around the dark room, like the constant ghosts of your presence. Do you want to know how I know I'm dying? Because I've already gone through the five stages of loss. Denial, anger, bargaining, depression and acceptance. I'm now at acceptance. As long as I know that you're safe and happy. They say that I'd never take a drink from a customer. Well since you left, I've become famous for it They say that I'd never stick my neck out for anyone. Well that was until I met you. You were the one that opened my mind, but I'm not going to blame you for closing off my heart. It only took me five months, and five different women to get over you Ilsa. And here I was thinking that you were the horrible liar. End... ","Summary":" April Through September Disclaimer: Yeah, I'm responsible for creating possibly the most romantic f"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"The Other Half of the World","Author":"lb1230","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3603565","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Other Half of the World She would miss America. New York and Philadelphia had been exciting; she had enjoyed belonging to a large city again; but she would miss still more the towns. Countless, spread over the continent, wonderfully different and yet bound by the things they shared: the school halls where Victor had stood on stages usually graced by recitations and variety shows, preaching freedom and bringing tears to his listeners with stories of war. The white-painted churches, with preachers made self-conscious by the gaunt, straight-backed man with the scar above one eye. The Sunday lunches afterwards… eaten in so many different kitchens, with ironed tablecloths and cluttered hutches, Victor in his turn self-conscious accepting the second helpings which were always pressed. The conversations: with those childless who, for the space of a few hours, adopted the young couple as their own; with those whose windows were darkened by a service flag; in families with children made solemn or gregarious by the presence of strangers. Most of all she had cherished the times of staying in people's homes. Sitting quiet in the evenings, on the front porch or in the front parlor, listening to the wireless, or just talking, sipping lemonade, or real coffee—how long had it been since she and her husband had sat quiet, without the tension of immediate danger in the air? The nights of open windows and the smell of lavender in the guest rooms. The love-making, quiet and slow, the sense of a shared secret at the breakfast table. It had been, reflected Ilse, as they drove in the open car towards New York, perhaps one of the happiest times of her life. Like Paris . The thought came, as always, unbidden, disturbing her peace with memories—of champagne with another man, of music, sunlight in the avenues, starlit evenings, of a degree of insouciance that fate had forbidden her to share with Victor. They had been happy, and had not asked the reason why, or thought to wonder when it would end. And then came the hollow-eyed messenger, unmaking her world with the news that she had prayed for ten months earlier. Much later, the twinge of memory in front of the neon sign, the tension that melted into disbelief at sight of the pianist, the torture of conscience, the sense of double betrayal. The landing strip in the rain, and her own impassioned pleading to stay with the man who made her an adulteress… Ilse shivered. \"Cold, darling?\" \"Not much… yes.\" She nestled into the curve of his shoulder, and tried to forget the division of her heart. Not today, not tomorrow, but soon, and for the rest of your life . Was it true that she would have regretted the other choice? Had there been only one other choice? Ilse shut her eyes, and tried to forget, to wipe out the persistent voice that gnawed on her present happiness. The present was all they had. And any moment it could be wiped into oblivion, this, now. She breathed deeply, and tried to take it all in: the smell of the night around them; the mild scent peculiar to Victor's overcoat, its coarse hairs against her skin. Her husband's profile, its sharp bones traced against the darkness, the streak of gray hair that could look raffish or tragic depending on his mood. She reached up, traced the curve of his jaw with the back of one hand. As she was drawing away, he took one hand from the steering wheel, caught and held hers. She drew in her breath sharply; shut her eyes as he kissed her palm. \"Victor?\" \"Yes, Ilse?\" Both hands were back on the wheel, now. The intensity of his face still surprised her, sometimes. \"Victor… why me?\" He raised one eyebrow, glanced at her, then back at the straight line of asphalt. \"What I'm trying to say is… the world draws on your strength; you give and give to them, and are never the less for it.\" She plaited her fingers together in her lap. \"And yet— I am needed by you. Sometimes it almost frightens me, to be loved so much. And I don't feel… strong enough. I don't feel strong enough to give you strength. I am not.\" She shook her head, lips pressed together, holding back the tears. \"I'm not.\" He was silent for what seemed a long time, while she listened to the sound of the tires on the road, and wondered what would become of them. At last he sighed, and spoke, the words coming slowly, forced past a barrier of reserve. \"I don't have a rational answer for you, Ilse. I—I only know that breathing comes more easily when you are in the room. I cannot remember what I thought was the most beautiful thing in the world, before I saw the starlight reflected in your eyes. Ilse… I can only say how much I regret that we have loved in a time of war. I wish I could have swept you off your feet, courted you as you deserved. I wish that we could have had a—a proper wedding, a honeymoon... that I could have seen you with orange blossom in your hair.\" He swallowed. \"I cherish every time we have danced together. And I pray that, for your sake—for both our sakes—that peace will come soon; that we will live to see long years of peace, together, undivided. …Does that help you, Ilse?\" He stole a glance at her. \"Darling, you're not crying?\" \"No! Yes… I'm alright.\" She swallowed hard, choked down a sob. \"I don't deserve you, Victor.\" \"And what fate determined that I deserved you? This miracle, to be mine… you…\" He pulled her to him, and she hid her face against his shoulder. \"No woman could be more courageous, or more beautiful; none more wise, or strong. Much has been demanded of you, too, Ilse—the strain of secrecy, of daily danger—always you have met these demands with grace. Perhaps we do not deserve each other, Ilse… but surely we may love each other, for as long as is given to us?\" Soon, and for the rest of your life . She prayed that someday, in the next world if not in this, somehow, she and Victor and Richard could all find peace, together… but for now… for as long as was given to them… \"Yes,\" she murmured, and leaned into her husband's embrace. For now, at least, it was enough. ","Summary":" The Other Half of the World She would miss America. New York and Philadelphia had been exciting; sh"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"Dangerous times in Casablanca","Author":"domru87","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5359245","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dangerous Times in Casablanca Despite the heat and the sunlight and the hustle and bustle of the city of Casablanca itself, the distant slapping of the water against the docks and the sounds of the captive birds, the smells of exotic foods cooking, the Tower-of-Babel-like overflow of multiple languages, there is one overwhelming thing that Victor Laszlo notices: a hidden and unexpected secondary silence. It isn't the silence that comes from an absence of sounds but rather the silence that comes from a place overflowing with too much raw emotion. It seeps out of every crack in every door, through every open window, radiates off every person. This city is supposed to be their hope, his and Ilsa's, and like so many other cities it whispers its seductions. Just step over here, it says, and you will find Signor Ugarte. Right this way to your letters of transit. Another step forward in the bright white light and he hears another whisper: despite this upcoming audience with Major Strasser, Casablanca is the one place on your journey where things will go smoothly. The presence of the Third Reich makes a liar out of that last promise. So does the sweat dropping off each face and the badly-disguised fear in every pair of eyes. Casablanca might be under French control, but it isn't really. Like most of the cities he's been to during the war, this one is on its knees. Faltering. Stumbling. It's about to give. His only hope is to escape before it crumbles around him. And so he listens to the secret silence, because that is how he survives. It's how he survived the concentration camp and how he's managed every flight from every city from Prague to the westernmost part of Morocco: by listening to what remains unspoken. The pieces left to the imagination speak volumes. By his side as always, Ilsa is as cool and inscrutable as moonlight itself. The wide brim of her hat shades her face and her white gloves are impeccable as they finger lace tablecloths, exquisite pieces of pottery. The two of them could be just another couple converging on western Africa today if it wasn't for the fact that his own face is so recognizable; it's the scar above his right eye that attracts attention first. A souvenir, one might call it, from his extended stay under Nazi \"protection:\" if he could have taken more people with him when he escaped, he would have. He would have taken them all. Signor Ugarte's arrest last night is a setback, but in a few minutes they will be at the prefecture with Major Strasser and he can ask to speak to Ugarte then. In the meantime he has refused the taxi the Major sent; steering Ilsa by the elbow, they walk together in the desert heat in the direction of Captain Renault's office. There, behind the rug shop: somebody watching. And there, by the door to the Blue Parrot: somebody watching. And there again, behind the line of fuel-rationed taxis: another face pretending not to recognize him. Being shadowed is a matter of course; recognizing it is now second nature. Does he believe in the Resistance? With all his heart; he's been willing to die for it for years and has been rumored to have done so five times. Does he want to die for it? No, but he really will if need be. He'd just rather that not happen here in Casablanca, and not at the hands of the Nazis. If it does, who will take care of Ilsa? Je tiens mes promesses, meme celles des autres. So says the poster of Marshal Philippe Petain. Yesterday, he's told, a man was shot right in front of this poster, just across the plaza from the Liberté, Egalité, Fraternité inscription in front of the Palais de Justice. The irony of it -- I hold my promises, as well as those of others -- isn't lost on him but that's why they have to keep fighting. This is precisely why the Resistance is so critical. No Germans get to win on his watch. At the sudden intrusion of an airplane overhead, every head turns: that sound is the Holy Grail for most of the visitors to Casablanca. It's the lure of being able to leave this continent once and for all. If he and Ilsa can make it to Lisbon where things are all arranged, then they can make it to America once and for all. He's confident that the Nazis will never be able to hold him back despite what they say they'll do. Major Strasser, especially -- despite his reserved politeness last night -- will surely do whatever he must to keep him here. Ilsa might be a different story but Strasser will see to it that he stays right here in Morocco. If it's up to Strasser... well... When he finally made it to Paris and found his beloved Ilsa again, he quoted the American writer Mark Twain: the report of my death is an exaggeration. He had to make light of it: he himself read all those headlines. Victor Laszlo Dies Escaping Concentration Camp. Victor Laszlo Shot by Sniper in Prague. Victor Laszlo Arrested in Budapest, Dies During Scuffle with Authorities. Victor Laszlo Commits Suicide in Sofia. Laszlo Suffers Fatal Injury in Train Accident, Say Marseilles Prefects. Every time he's \"died\" he's learned to live all over again, but nothing was as good as seeing her that night when he was injured. He might be a figurehead -- not that he sees himself as anyone heroic -- but at heart he's only a common man who loves his wife. He loves her even when he sees a remote sadness in her eyes: he saw it first in Paris but it faded. And now it's back, now that they're here in Casablanca. That haunted, paranoid look returned like a whisper in the dark the moment they walked into Rick's last night. It's a look that reports she's done something wrong and doesn't want to be found out, and really, who among them is innocent of things like that? He doesn't begrudge her a thing. Ilsa has had her own troubles and that she's stayed by his side is a testament to their mutual love... or at least their mutual respect. He thought he'd lost her in Paris. As they open the door to the prefecture and are ushered inside, he takes Ilsa by the elbow. For the duration, he won't let go and one thing at a time: meet with Captain Renault and Major Strasser first, listen politely, refuse whatever it is they want, and then figure out the next order of business. It's been this way since Paris: one step at a time. Always one step at a time. *** The arguments they have, when they have them, are the arguments of a newlywed couple tempered by the heavy tenor of war. Victor, you can't go to the meeting. What if you are caught? Ilsa, please be careful. Remember always to go by Miss Lund. As if she would suddenly forget the name she's used since birth? But they look after one another and in his own way, he loves her greatly. It can't be easy for her to travel with him, but notoriety is a mixed blessing: it works in their favor half the time, just as it did with Berger at Rick's last night. Perhaps they were lucky now with Captain Renault and Major Strasser -- thankfully they're still unaware that Ilsa is his wife -- or perhaps the name Victor Laszlo worked against them this time. The news on Signor Ugarte was certainly unsettling but the letters of transit were not mentioned. Only visas in a vague way intended to threaten without actually making any threats; he's so used to that technique and as he reminded Major Strasser, why would he give them anything now when he didn't in his year in their camp? If they've removed Ugarte from the picture, someone else will undoubtedly rise to take his place. This is the critical miscalculation the Germans repeatedly make: they underestimate the degree to which they're resented. They think people will lay down and be walked on, but they're wrong. If they don't have Ugarte's letters of transit somebody does, and he will find that somebody and take Ilsa with him to Lisbon. He'll do it right under Strasser's nose because that is what Resistance fighters do. As they leave the prefecture, he nods to Ilsa. Public words are used sparingly when they travel; it's as much for her protection as his and they're used to this stilted formality. It's born of necessity, a valued and learned defensive skill. As he heads off to the Blue Parrot and Ilsa turns to examine the linens, he only looks back once with a moment's regret. If it wasn't for the weight of the Resistance on his shoulders, they could be any other young foreign couple today on the streets of Casablanca. Mixing, mingling, letting the sounds of many languages wash over them, taking in the sun, the smell of exotic foods cooking, the hustle and bustle, the excitement, the hopefulness. Instead -- as always -- the words look, isn't that Victor Laszlo ? follow him as he moves through the bazaar, and every single face could be that of an enemy and every single step could be his last. It's nothing personal. Just business as usual. ","Summary":" Dangerous Times in Casablanca Despite the heat and the sunlight and the hustle and bustle of the ci"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"A Beautiful Friendship","Author":"Florence of Arabia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5388133","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Beautiful Friendship We continued walking for a while the two of us wrapped up in our own thoughts. We should circle back towards the city in a little while; we both would need several things, even for the new selfless lives that we were planning to lead. I suppose that I had no right to feel as good as I did. But I had done the right thing and if this is what doing the right thing feels like I must start doing it more often. After all I could see that Rick was hurting badly. He kept looking up at the sky when he thought that I wasn't looking, trying to see the plane. \"They'll be fine, Rick. Don't worry\" He nodded his head and looked at the ground. I know that that wasn't what was really preoccupying him, but it sounded better than \"I know you're going to miss her and it hurts but you did the right thing\" \"Um Rick?\" I knew I shouldn't ask but I was curious. \"After the war, when Victor's work is finished\" \"Or he has even more to do\" I shook my head \"When his work is finished, and her work is finished what do you think they'll do?\" he looked away \"Start a family I suppose maybe go back to their homes, or just stay as they are\" he still wasn't looking at me. Now I knew that I really shouldn't say anything \"But Rick when his work is finished, well, whether or not she stays with her husband will only be a matter of which man she prefers, and we both know who…\" \"No Louis, I know what you're thinking and the answer is no. I am not going to try and find her, she…she…she belongs with Victor. I won't try to find her after the war I won't do that to her.\" He lit a cigarette, I thought as a way of avoiding my eyes. I realized that I'd have to say it out loud \"You did the right thing, she'll be much safer. If she gets to America there's no way that she'll wind up in a concentration camp\" Rick nodded \"Yeah, can't say the same for us\" I didn't want to think about that possibility. But didn't that make what we were doing all the more selfless? That feeling came back, the overwhelming sense of… well I'm not sure as I've never felt it before but I'm sure it must be moral superiority. \"Hey Louis, do you think that anyone will find out that you covered up for me?\" I shrugged \"Well there's bound to be some suspicion when I disappear, or rather when my disappearance is noticed\" Rick shrugged again. We walked on in silence again for a little while. I liked the silence because frankly I knew that sooner or later he was going to ask my about the thing that was eating away at my conscience. That was the frustrating part of having a conscience all of a sudden. Or maybe it had been there all along it had just been doing its job in the same lackluster way that I had for all these years. We had silently made the decision to turn around and go back to town when Rick spoke again. \"I hope Sam 'll be ok. I'm gonna miss him, I don't know who I'm gonna miss more him or Ilsa\" I could hear the concern in his voice and only hoped that one day someone might hear him say \"I hope Louis' gonna be ok\" in the same way. \"Don't worry Ferrari will pay him well and he's a genuinely nice person, unlike us he has other friends\" He nodded \"Yeah, all I had in Casablanca was you and Sam. What about you Louis? I'm assuming, actually I'm hoping that you're not married. And I'm also hoping very sincerely that you don't have kids\" I laughed at the idea \"No I am not married, and if I have any children its news to me. I don't think anyone in Casablanca has much. It's a city full of the displaced and disowned. None of us actually belong there, I was born in Lile so I freely admit to having no business here.\" \"And the French? Do they have any business here?\" \"I don't think so\" I freely admitted to not knowing enough to make an informed opinion. I suppose now that I have a cause and am going to be a good person and everything I should be disgusted with French imperialism. I must learn to be more morally self-righteous. I suppose I would have to do more good deeds than just letting Rick shoot Strasser to get on a pedestal. But doesn't wanting to do more things that were \"good\" count for something? \"Louis, do the Germans suspect Sam of being involved with my activities, you know gun running, and when I fought the Fascists? I didn't know him then. He doesn't have a connection with the resistance apart from me and…\" I was genuinely touched by his worry for his friend. But he is a better person than I am, I must remember that \"Don't worry Rick I've seen what they have on Sam and it isn't much. They don't even know that he was in Paris with you and Ilsa. They might ask him some questions but that'll be it\" Rick seemed to feel better; at least he looked a little less worried \"Louis you know what bothers me?\" \"Clearly there are many things that are bothering you Rick\" \"Well this one has just started to bother me\" I lit a cigarette of my own \"Go ahead what's on your mind?\" He pushed a damp piece of hair of his forehead and I couldn't help noticing that there was something slightly graceful about this insignificant gesture. After all this time he kept catching me off guard with little things, stupid things, like that. \"How the hell did Strasser know that we were at the airport?\" Now he really caught me off guard. \"I...I...I\" there was the thing that had been bothering me since we left the landing strip. Now it was my turn to avoid eye contact. \"I say…um…Rick could you by any chance…um…give me a light?\" Rick already knew \"Louis you've got a cigarette in your mouth \"How very perceptive of you\" And he was having none of it, as he clearly demonstrated by grabbing my arm \"Louis!\" \"Alright! Alright! I called him!\" His nostrils flared and he fixed me with his most disgusted look \"Why?\" That was a hard question and I certaintly couldn't look him in the face while explaining, so I started with the easiest answer. \"Forgiving is not a word that one often associates with Nazis Rick. I had to do something, or else if Stasser found out I'd be up against the wall. Probably literally!\" his face relaxed a little \"I'll give you that one, but wouldn't it have been easier for you to just explain that I was pointing a gun at you?\" I now lowered my eyes and muttered as softly as I could \"I thought that you were going to leave me\" Now I'd done it he was staring at me with a look that said clearly \"That better not mean what I think that it meant. But I had to explain, but how could I explain the jealously, the anger and the fear of abandonment that sprang up when he was talking to Victor and strangled my better self? \"Rick, I, you're all I have you're my only friend and…you know how I feel about you\" I looked into his eyes now \"remember how I told you that if I were a woman I'd be in love with you? Well…\" now he was looking more confused than angry but the rage was still there \"But you're not a woman Louis even if sometimes it's hard to tell\" \"Well that doesn't change the way I feel\" He jerked my arm violently before releasing it. \"Rick it was just…I didn't think that you were leaving with her … until…I didn't believe you when you said that you were getting on that plane, well something in me snapped. I well you said yourself that no one in Casablanca has much and I had you and that was it…and I knew that I loved you…but I didn't know how much you meant until you were going to go and then, well I couldn't stand to lose you\" he threw away his cigarette \"I would also like to mention the fact that you were pointing a gun at me!\" \"You were arresting Victor!\" he snorted \"Well you weren't going to give him the letters in the first place! You kept denying them until Ilsa snuggled up to you\" he lit himself another cigarette \"Well neither of us is perfect, but I don't know how we're going to get along if you have this… weird thing for me.\" He scoffed \"You and your loneliness. Isn't there some poor desperate and beautiful refugee girl who would suit your needs if you just threatened to delay her visa? And if you like me why do you do that anyway?\" I supposed he was wondering how I could profess feelings for members of different genders \"I just blow with the wind, and if the wind is coming from the direction of a pretty woman with a visa problem, well I go that way. If it's coming from you on the other hand…\" I seemed to have put Rick somewhat on edge \"Let's get one thing straight there will be no blowing going on in my direction. Got it?\" I wondered if Rick was quiet sure of what he was saying but I decided to let it slide as the situation was uncomfortable enough for the two of us. \"I can't help how I feel Rick, as I said before. You don't have to feel the same way…\" He shook his head \"I just never thought that it was that important to you\" I sighed. For a while now, specifically since I had had a little too much to drink and decided that since I had won big at roulette I was having a good evening, well let's just say though I had a good run at gambling I didn't get lucky. Well ever since then we had regarded my feelings for Rick as a kind of a joke. We passed off the incident as an embarrassing drunken mistake and didn't discuss it. I suppose it was odd for Rick to revisit our conversations now and realize that he misinterpreted what I meant whenever a girl asked about him and I said that it made me \"awfully jealous\". We had reached Rick's and we both agreed to meet back there in an hour once we had gotten all packed up and ready to go. An hour later Rick and I met in his café for one last time. He got out a bottle of champagne and poured for both of us as he looked around. \"Here's to Ilsa and Victor, I hope that their happy and that their work goes well\" we drank in silence then it was my turn \"Here's to la France Libre!\" again we drank \"Here's to the end of the Nazis!\" we took a very long drink to that one. We refilled then \"Here's to seeing the end of the war\" and \"here's to staying out of the camps!\" another very long drink \"here's to the resistance!\" \"here's to good champagne!\" \"here's to General DeGaulle!\" \"here's to sentimentalists!\" \"here's to romantics!\" \"here's to Sam!\" \"here's to Rick's Café!\" \"here's to new beginnings !\" we were almost finished with the bottle when I decided to be a little daring \"And lastly here's to us!\" Rick nodded pensively and we both drank. The two of us closed up the café and started into the night. We had said goodbye to our old lives and were walking out of town again. Rick's expression had softened and now he looked…determined. I tried to look like that too, the fact was that what he had done had lit a fire in both of us that no amount of bickering would stifle, and no amount Vichy water could put it out. So we walked with purpose now towards the city limits \"I have the 1000 francs, plus a good deal more, and as I am still chief of police I got our papers in order for us\" Rick actually smiled \"What do I have to do for you in exchange for my visa\" My former exuberance was restored to me and I almost laughed \"Not a thing Ricky, not a thing!\" He chuckled then became serious \"Honestly Louis, will you forgive me?\" \"For what my friend?\" Was my reply \"For not taking you seriously, when you said…well for not taking you seriously \" I realized that Rick was still uncomfortable, but wasn't going to let it get in the way of us as a team \"It's alright Rick I very rarely take myself seriously. And will you forgive me for calling Strasser?\" he smiled \"If you promise not to do something like that again\" I smiled \"don't you worry Ricky I'm a dedicated freedom fighter now\" Rick laughed and lit another cigarette \"Now I see why you never take yourself seriously\" I handed Rick his papers and the 1000 francs. \"you think this 'll get us to Brazzaville Louis?\" I shrugged \"I don't know but we've got plenty between us, and I think it's better to cross that bridge when we come to it\" he gave another genuine smile and I was caught off guard again \"Louis, I think that this is the start of a beautiful friendship\" he repeated. I smiled, it felt almost like the end of a romantic movie except we weren't walking off into a pretty sunset but an ominous fog, and we weren't a man and a woman but two men. And we weren't going to get married we were going to start a beautiful friendship. The End ","Summary":" A Beautiful Friendship We continued walking for a while the two of us wrapped up in our own thought"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"Paris city of love","Author":"domru87","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5359324","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Paris- city of love Ilsa straightens her hair in front of the mirror, again. This is her third night in Paris, and her first grownup dinner party; even in Oslo, her parents never let her stay up for one. They didn't have many -- times were hard, money was scarce, the world was changing too fast to hold steady. Her family friends, the Johannessens, are hosting a dinner party for some of the local resistance; no one actually said as much to Ilsa, but she figured it out. She has a new dress and Karen Johannessen, who is twenty-five and utter sophistication, curls her hair. The doorbell rings; Ilsa smoothes her dress down again, and walks carefully down the stairs, holding her head up high like the woman she is. But she stumbles when she hit the bottom step; the man standing in the doorway, taking off his coat and laughing, wide and friendly, looks right at her, and her ankle just gives way. Victor, his name is Victor Laszlo, he's telling her his name as if she doesn't already know it, as if she hasn't known his name her whole life. His voice is low and smooth and intimate, as he helps her stand, asks her if she was all right, does she want to sit down, does she want a drink, or a smoke. Ilsa doesn't smoke (her mother didn't allowed it), but she takes one anyway, wanting to seem grownup, sophisticated. It tastes good: smooth, smoky, worldly. She taps her ashes out and tries to seem as if this is nothing new, nothing spectacular, as if she often attends dinner parties with famous leaders of resistance movements. Her hands shake when she tries to light her second cigarette; Victor does it for her, a look of incomprehensible tenderness on his face. Victor dominates the dinner discussion, full of facts and ideas and much of it just goes right over Ilsa's head. He talks about the Sudetenland, and the German Socialist Party, and world leaders she's never heard of, and even though it doesn't make any sense she loves it, loves it all. She loves the passion and force and sense of rightness, righteousness, Victor is brimming with, at all times, the purpose that fills his limbs, makes him take up all the space, all the air, in the room. He crowds everyone else out, loud and big and open. Her father was part of the merchant fleet to Britain during the Great War, her parents distribute pamphlets speaking out against the German remilitarization; they gave money to Jewish family friends to make the trip to America. Her parents read Victor's paper, when they can get it, and Ilsa has read it too, had loved the power behind his words, his utter conviction. He is a hero, her mother told her, burning the paper after they were all finished with it. He has the courage to take on the whole world. Ilsa understands, vaguely, that the uneasy peace cannot last much longer, that her parents are risking their lives to fight for what they believe to be right, and she is proud of them. But in Oslo, it all felt so far away, a war that was never going to reach her home. Here, in Paris, sitting across a candle-lit table from Victor, it feels real and immediate and she suddenly wants, desperately, to be involved, to fight herself. As he leaves, late into the night (in Oslo she'd have been asleep hours ago), she corners him as he leaves. \"I want to fight,\" she whispers. \"Only tell me what I must do.\" He squeezes her hand back, and then he is gone. She goes back to Oslo briefly, to see her parents, before going back to Paris. Victor is in Paris, and so that's where she must be too. \"We're in love,\" she tells her mother. \"He needs me.\" Her mor strokes her hair, and tells her they're very proud of her. \"This is good work you're doing, kjære . Victor laszlo is a great man. We're so proud that you're carrying on the work.\" She takes a boat back to France, and her parents drive her to the docks, kiss her, wish her well. She never sets foot in Norway again. Victor runs a printing press in Prague, writing to speak out against the Third Reich. Even after they shut down the newspaper, he manages to smuggle one of the smaller printing presses out, and continues to write and print. Ilsa helps distribute the papers, to homes and businesses of likeminded allies. One night, out with a friend delivering Victor's papers, a soldier stops them, demands to know where two women are going so late at night. They show him their papers, but he doesn't believe them. The soldier grabs Alojzia roughly by the arm, sticks his hand into her coat. Alojzia gasps and tries to shove him away. Without even thinking about it, Ilsa slaps him; surprised, he loosens his grip, and she yanks Alojzia away, and they run down the street, gasping. Ilsa finds herself laughing, because she's not scared at all. She feels brave and dangerous and exciting. She doesn't tell Victor, because she knows he'd worry, and really, it was nothing. They get married in the minister's living room, just the two of them and Victor's cousin as a witness. She wears the ring on a necklace underneath her dress, and they spend two whole days, just the two of them, in his tiny little apartment in Prague. The world recedes away, and so do its problems. Victor is funny, sweet and loving, and he kisses her and murmurs Czechoslovakian sweet nothings, and Ilsa feels powerful and loved and dangerous. At the end of the second day, at eleven at night, there's a knock on the door. Dusan has been arrested, and Victor's into his coat and shoes before Ilsa even knows what's happening. He kisses her without slowing down, and that's their honeymoon. They come for him at night. Ilsa is sleeping, deeply for once, when they come crashing through the door. Victor fights them, but they hit him over the head, once, a sickening sound, and he slumps over, compliant. She never understands why they didn't take her too; in the weeks and months after, with little news and none of it good, she sometimes wishes they had. The force goes out of her, the fight. The soldiers took most of the printing press supplies with them; she has no way of continuing Victor's work. Within a month, she leaves Czechoslovakia, on her way to friends in Poland, and from there to Sofia. There is still work to do, even if she doesn't feel like it anymore. She's in Athens when she gets word that Victor has died in the concentration camp. Her heart breaks; it is not just the death of her husband, of Victor, but of all his ideals, his vision of what the world could be. The letter is dirty, torn, a hasty scrawl -- V died in camp, Poland, Nov. condolences , and though it isn't safe, she keeps the note. She can't bear to burn it. She makes her way to Paris, to be with friends, even though she doesn't really want to be in the place they fell in love. But Paris is where they need her: the fight goes on around her, if not within her. Paris is the most romantic city in the world, and oh, she fell in love here, she did, and now she's back with a broken heart. She meets him one morning in a market; they reach for the same bottle of wine. Initially, she resists his invitations, but he's so funny, so charming, so uncomplicated. \"I'm Richard,\" he says, graciously handing her the bottle. The ground shakes a little as a plane flies overhead, sending a streak of smoke through an otherwise cloudless sky. \"Nice weather for a war, isn't it?\" Ilsa can't help but smile, even though it's not a very good line. Richard takes her dancing, boating, driving in the country, teaches her to play poker. They fall in love as if there isn't a war going on, as if the outside world can't touch them. It's all Richard's selfish American insularity, beautiful and stupid and reckless, that protects them. He makes Paris romantic -- the city of lights, as if the Germans aren't moving closer every day. Victor never played. Richard's American, through and through; he can drink champagne and laugh while the German guns sound; he does not have the weight of the world on his shoulders. She feels horribly guilty for preferring Richard's blitheness, feels horribly guilty for choosing ignorance, knowing full well that Victor would never let a moment pass, not when he could be doing some good. She manages not to think about it until the night she runs into an old friend at a nightclub. She and Richard are dancing; Richard spins her, laughing, and Ilsa laughs too, twirling out from him, until she bumps into a man, standing by himself in the middle of the dance floor. It's Erik, Erik, Victor's cousin, the witness at their wedding, and she knows by his posture that he's meeting someone here -- working. He's trying to save the world; she's dancing with her American boyfriend. For a second, hot shame floods her body. But she straightens her back and the moment passes; not everyone can fight, not everyone has it in them. The rule -- no questions -- is her idea, because even in death, Victor needs to be protected. She is still in danger herself. At night, the silence from the blackout is oppressive, and it crowds into Ilsa, choking her. Richard doesn't ask any questions, of course not, but he holds her and in those moments, Ilsa understands that his Americanness, his flip charm, is an act too. When the police stop them on street corners, Richard talks their way out of any problems; she never once has to show her identification, and Richard usually doesn't have to, either. In a club, the owner claps Richard on the back and reminisces about their time together in Spain, in 1936; Ilsa can feel her eyebrows raise as she realizes, Richard fought for the Loyalists. She asks Sam one day why Richard had to leave America. Sam looks at her helplessly. \"Miss Ilsa,\" he says, running his fingers lightly over the piano, \"it don't do to dwell on these things.\" \"Can he go back?\" she asks. \"No,\" Sam says. He looks terribly sad. \"I can't either.\" She promises Richard, \"We'll get on a train together and never stop.\" Richard kisses her hair and says, yes, they will go and go and keep on going, and that staves off the dark for another night. The letter is stained and dirty and torn, just a brief note: I -- I am alive, in hiding in Belgrade. Please come for me. Josef knows where to find me. -- V . Victor is alive. The letter was left for her under her pillow, and she collapses onto the bed and sobs, sobs. The news of Victor arrives two days before the Germans do. She still meets Richard at the restaurant, and it feels hollow, silly. \"Henri wants us to finish this bottle then three more. He says he'll water his garden with champagne before he'll let the Germans drink it.\" Richard watches her as she sips, forces herself to swallow over the lump in her throat. He wants to get married in Marseilles -- on the train, even -- and yesterday she would have yes with joy in her heart. But Victor is alive, and she must go to him. Josef comes by that night. \"You will leave tomorrow, to go to him?\" he asks, and Ilsa nods. \"He loves you, he needs you, only the love of a wife will help him. He is still very sick. The whole resistance needs him, and he needs you.\" It takes five sheets of paper to write a note that's not covered in tears. She sends it to Richard's hotel and heads to the train station early, to catch her own train out of France. She feels sick herself, heavy with her responsibility to her husband. Surely Richard saw through her act yesterday; she was too miserable to pretend to be happy. The train pulls out of the station, and Ilsa searches for Richard in the crowd, even though he won't be arriving for at least an hour. She tries not to think about his face when he realizes she's already left. ","Summary":" Paris- city of love Ilsa straightens her hair in front of the mirror, again. This is her third nigh"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"Film and Heels","Author":"Alexandra the Gray","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3545651","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I'm not very good at this author's note stuff, so just enjoy and please review. Film and Heels ","Summary":" A/N: I'm not very good at this author's note stuff, so just enjoy and please review. Film and Heels"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"A Private Blessing","Author":"SonriaCat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4761578","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Casablanca is the copyrighted property of Warner Bros. Entertainment, Inc. This is a fan story intended for entertainment purposes only. No compensation has been received or will be accepted for this work, and no copyright or trademark infringement is intended or should be implied. A Private Blessing It was Saturday, so she had come to the graveyard with flowers. For this chilly late-February afternoon she'd chosen snowdrops. Ilsa bent down and nestled the pot into a secure position against the stone. \"I miss you, my love,\" she whispered to the grave. The gray sky above her fit her mood. She whispered the words in English, a language that she'd long since become used to speaking easily. She'd spoken it before the war, of course, and fluently, but it had still been a second language. She'd had to make a point of using the language instead of the words coming from her without any thought at all. After so many years in America, though, it had almost become her first language. She'd been told that her accent was barely noticeable anymore. Ilsa sighed and eased her body back onto the bench, feeling the cold in every bone of her body. She was old. Her hair had faded to gray a long time ago, and the dream of returning to her beloved Europe had faded with it. She and Victor had come here with cash, but no ongoing means of support. Although they had succeeded, making a life in this new land had been difficult. There had been a lot of hard work and no little amount of luck. There had never been the time or money to go back to the place she'd once thought of as home. Still, she counted her blessings. Were it not for luck and an undeserved kindness, they might never have had the chance to make their life in America at all. She had no idea what had ever happened to Rick, what he'd done after she'd gone, whether he'd found another love. At first, she'd avoided correspondence for fear of exposing either him or themselves. If evidence of their connection fell into unscrupulous hands, it could have meant disaster. After a while, she'd been so busy trying to build her new career and support Victor that time had simply slipped away from her. She didn't admit it to herself until years after the War had ended. She'd never contacted Rick again simply because it would have been too painful. Until meeting him, she'd never believed that it was possible for a woman to love two men. She'd loved Victor, with all his noble patriotism. She'd also loved Rick, with his different kind of nobility and, yes, patriotism. A sudden gust of wind blew through, and she pulled her coat closer around her body. The snowdrops twisted against the wind. For a fleeting moment she wondered if they would snap off or if the pot would tip over, but everything stayed in place. She was lucky, she decided. Some women never got the chance to love even one great man. Tomorrow, she would go to another graveyard, nestle another pot of flowers against another stone. She wouldn't be alone then; there were any number of friends and associates who would come with her in support. But today, Ilsa was alone. \"Yes,\" she said. \"You were great. As great as the things you did for me and for others. I will never forget you.\" It had been sheerest chance that she'd seen the obituary and found out where he lay, but Ilsa considered it yet another blessing as she traced Rick's name on his gravestone, remembering. Written for sakru, as \"Remembered Blessings,\" for Yuletide Madness 2008. ","Summary":" Casablanca is the copyrighted property of Warner Bros. Entertainment, Inc. This is a fan story inte"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"Casablanca The Sequel","Author":"rameyerguam","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3827002","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Harry Morgan went downnbelow deck. How in the hell did Eddie sneak on board? \"You'renslipping\" he said to himself. \"But it's too late now.\" Itnwas just that he added a new variable into the equation that henwasn't expecting. If something goes wrong… It had been just hisnbutt. Now, Eddie's involved. He laughed to himselfnas he thought about the last few weeks. HerenI was running a bar in Casablanca, not a care in the world and a fewnweeks later I'm in Martinique running fishing tours. One thingnhasn't changed. I'm still a magnet for trouble. Six weeks ago Inwas Rick Blaine, probably the only guy in Casablanca without a carenin the world. Then she walked in. You know, the French are rightnwhen they call it enchanted-enchanté. I certainly wasnenchanted all right. Right up until the time when she said \"Rick,nyou'll have to do the thinking for both of us-for all of us.\" nWith this odd felling in the pit of my stomach, all I could think ofnwas how to get this stupid broad back to Lazlo where she belonged. nThen all hell broke loose. Ilsa and Lazlo are on the plane. I killnStrasser. Louis and I take off out of Casablanca. I wonder hownLouis is doing or if he ever did get to Brazzaville. I justncouldn't pass up Morgan's passportnand the ticket on that freighter out of Africa even though it wasnkind of pricey. The Nazis don't take too kindly to killing offntheir Majors, besides, I'd always wanted to visit the Caribbean andnMartinique seemed as good a place as any. And with what was left ofnFerrari's money, I had just enough to buy the boat. Boy, it hadnbeen awhile since I'd worked a fishing boat but I guess it's likenriding a bike. At least Eddie knew most of the good fishing spots. Andnnow, here I am again, after I swore -nonmore t rouble. Inknew something was coming when that broad showed up-a pro if I evernsaw one. But she's high class, Ill give that. What's her namenanyway? I don't think she ever told me. I love the look in herneye every time I call her Slim. What was it that Eddie said? \"Highnclass hookers are people too.\" Once in a while Eddie comes up withnsomething good. I guess that's why I keep him around. I betternget up there and see if he's all right. I sure hope I don't have to use this rifle. It's gettingnchilly. Better grab Eddie a jacket. ","Summary":" Harry Morgan went downnbelow deck. How in the hell did Eddie sneak on board? \"You'renslipping\" he"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"We'll Always Have Paris","Author":"JellybeanPie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4193297","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author'snNote: The assignment for my Creative Writing class was to listen tonmusic in class and brainstorm. The 4th song was this jazzy bit andnfor some reason it got me thinking about the movie Casablanca. If younhaven't seen it and don't want the ending spoiled, don't read this. Intook the end and challenged myself to go into Ilsa's thought processnof why she left on the plane instead of staying with Rick like Inalways thought she should. The perspective is kinda this she needs tonleave now, but she and Rick have memories and have Paris and maybenone day the'll meet again in Paris under better circumstances. Tellnme what you think! Disclaimer:nI don't own Casablanca. \" We'llnAlways Have Paris.\" Thendeafening growl of the engine, the monotonous hiss of the reelingnpropellers, and the words of solace pouring from her husband's lipsnwere plunged into a sea of drowning before sound or reason passed hernears. Her senses were filled to the brim with the delicate cords of antinkling piano, the saccharine aroma of red wine and Parisiannperfume, his arms tenderly embracing her as they swayed as palm treesnin the tropical breeze to the smooth, jazzy voice crooning out thenlyrics of their song. \" Younmust remember this, Ankiss is just a kiss, a sigh is just a sigh. Thenfundamental things apply, Asntime goes by.\" Ilsa'sngaze remained focused out the tiny porthole of a window on hisnsolitary figure burning his face into her memory to stay for allneternity. Though with the blink of an eye, the tears eclipsed hernvision to an opaque outline, fading, fading with the growing distancenbetween the plane, the rescue of the future, and the man, the love ofnthe past. Thenshuddering spasms that threatened to accompany her mournful tearsnwere forced to subside. Her husband need not be worried by hernunnecessary display of emotion. He needed her strength and herneverlasting loyalty to keep his firm conviction of beliefs and bravenstability in the presence of danger. But her courage could never bensolely dedicated to him. Her courage was devoted to her Rick. Him,nher love, him the man who'd forfeited his very freedom to protectnher, him the man who'd let go of her for the greater good of herself. Memories,nfond, beautiful moments captured and engraved upon the mind were allnthat remained of their passionate affair. His sultry kiss stillnsmoldered her lips. That unforgettable song played again and again asna broken record of a remembrance and that city that defined theirnlapse of time together stood proud and tall above the edge of thenmap. Andnthe lingering fire of hope in her heart ignited at the thought.n\"We'll always have Paris.\" ","Summary":" Author'snNote: The assignment for my Creative Writing class was to listen tonmusic in class and bra"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"Letter to Ilsa","Author":"Queen of the Mess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5142868","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Hello! I'm a brazillian girl. First, my English is not good, so if there's some mistake in my little text, tell me, please! Second, it may have some spoilers for those who didn't watch all the movie. Third, I hope you enjoy it! :] Disclaimer: Casablanca doesn't belong to me (I wish I could!). -- As Time Goes By says: \"man must have his mate\". I disagree. I had every woman I could, but I never had a mate. Don't think \"I messed up his life\", because you didn't. When you went to my house in that night, you gave me Paris back, Ilsa. I won't need a woman while I have Paris. Those days were the best days in my life. Sam told me you're happy in America. He also told me you have a beautiful daughter, shiny eyes like the night in Paris, our city. To know you found happiness is better than anything else for me. As I said to you when you left Casablanca, if you stayed, we would finish in a concentration camp. Now, I know I did the right thing. Your history is finished, and you had a happy end, as you deserve. Here's looking at you, kid. -- A.N.: Hey!That's very short, I know. :] Well, thank you for reading it, guys! I hope you enjoyed. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Hello! I'm a brazillian girl. First, my English is not good, so if there's some mist"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"The Father's Approval","Author":"1980s-popito","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11894914","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Father's Approval Part 1: The Meeting Buckaroo's heart pounded in his chest out of nervousness as he- along with Peggy- walked up to the house. But this was no ordinary house visit. The reason this visit was so nerve-wracking to him was because he was meeting her parents for the first time since they'd started going out for two years now. The young couple was taking one of their visits back to the United States during one of their college breaks. They partly took so many trip so they wouldn't catch the British accent they were always around, and partly an experiment to see if it would work, a trick that Buckaroo had been trying out since he first started attending the college in England and had eventually passed onto Peggy as time went on and as their relationship progressed. The progression of their relationship was part of the reason the two were visiting Peggy's parents- John and Rosemarie Simpson. Buckaroo and Peggy were visiting New Jersey since he'd been told there was a piece of land for sale that would be perfect for his planned institute, and the location was only twenty minutes away from Peggy's childhood home where her parents still lived. Since they had the chance, it was suggested that they would visit since the three people she cared about most had never actually met. \"Ok,\" Peggy started as she stopped walking and turned to face her boyfriend, \"It's just my parents, ok? My mother is excited to finally meet you after two years, so it's guaranteed she'll love you.\" Buckaroo gave an odd look. \"What about your father?\" he asked. She hesitated a moment. \"Well, he's my dad so of course he's pessimistic about any guy I bring home. You just have to win him over, that's all. It' shouldn't be that hard for you since you're so good at that.\" \"On the contrary, in this case. I've never really been in a situation like this before, Peggy. I have no experience. So in all honesty, I'm terrified to meet your father.\" \"Does it make you feel better that I was nervous the first time I met Professor Hikita?\" \"Very slightly.\" \"Well then, does it also help that I'll be next to you the whole time?\" Peggy asked and straightened his near signature bow tie a bit. Buckaroo smiled a bit at her. \"That helps,\" he answered with a smile. She smiled back at him as the two walked up to the front door. She knocked on the front door and the two stood at the door waiting, their hands and fingers intertwined together as they waited. A moment later, the doorknob clicked and turned until it opened and a woman appeared in the doorway. The woman looked to be middle-aged, but didn't look old at all. She had blonde hair, a kind face and gentle eyes. Her facial features showed strong resemblance to Peggy's, which made Buckaroo guessed that the woman was his girlfriend's mother, Rosemarie Simpson. \"Peggy!\" the woman smiled and pulled the younger woman into a hug, \"We've missed you so much! I've been looking forward to this since you first told me two weeks ago.\" Peggy laughed and hugged her mother back. \"It's good to see you again, too, Mom,\" she smiled then acknowledged her boyfriend, \"Mom, this is my boyfriend, Buckaroo Banzai. Buckaroo this is my mother, Rosemarie.\" Rosemarie smiled at him and pulled him into a gently hug to greet him. \"It's so wonderful to finally meet you, Buckaroo. Whenever Peggy writes to me from Merton, she always mentions you in her letters.\" Once the two stopped hugging, Buckaroo smiled and looked at his girlfriend. \"You write to your mother about me?\" he asked with a light chuckle. Peggy gave a teasing look. \"Maybe a little,\" she answered with an innocent shrug. Rosemarie stepped out of the doorway, allowing her daughter and her boyfriend into the house. The young couple stood waiting in the small foyer of the house as the elder woman closed the door behind them and led the two to the living room. She told the two to sit down on the couch while she went to look for and inform her husband that their daughter had arrived with her boyfriend on one of their usual trips to the United States from England. \"At least my mom already likes you,\" Peggy said with a chuckle, \"Already halfway there.\" \"Now, I just have to win your father over,\" Buckaroo stated and let out a deep breath, \"This should be an interesting dinner.\" \"Oh come on, don't be so pessimistic. Where's that bright determined, optimistic scientist I fell in love with in the library, huh?\" \"I believe he's outside on your front porch at the moment.\" She ran her hand up and down his arm in an attempt at comfort. \"It's not gonna be as bad you think. Look, it's just dinner, then we're spending the night, then breakfast. That's all, alright? I'll be here the whole time, so it shouldn't be too painless with both of us here. And besides, even then, my father has a soft side for me, so he might just decide to like you for that.\" \"You know, I never knew true nervousness like this until I met you,\" Buckaroo pointed out, \"But for you, it is definitely worth it.\" Peggy smiled. \"Good, cause it makes you seem less like a robot when you get that way,\" she teased, making him laugh. The two turned their attention to the older couple that walked into the room. Rosemarie Simpson walked in with her husband, John, whose face held no expression. As the young couple stood up, he looked over the young man that stood next to his daughter, their hands intertwined together. His wife held onto his arm like a patch to a person who was trying to quit smoking, almost like she was the thing holding him back from doing something. John glanced down at their intertwined hands then back up at the younger men. He then shook off his wife's hold on his arm, turned around, and walked into the kitchen. Rosemarie had a nervous look on her face. \"Um,\" she stuttered, \"He's just checking on the cooking. I'll come back for you two when it's done.\" Then she dashed out of her room after her husband. Peggy looked up nervously at her boyfriend. \"He's never acted this bad before,\" she mumbled, \"I'm sorry.\" Buckaroo planted a gentle kiss on her left temple. \"It's ok,\" he said, \"But now I'm determind to gain his approval to continue dating you.\" She smiled. \"There he is… the determined, bright, optimistic scientist from the library.\" A few minutes later, Rosemarie called the two to the dining room, saying that dinner was ready. The young couple sat across from the elder couple at the table. As they all sat down, Buckaroo pulled out Peggy's chair for her and pushed her in like a gentleman, causing her mother to give an impressed smile. Her father eyed him and every move he made cautiously, his face still showing no emotion. The young couple shared weird looks at her father's look, then the mother and daughter did the same. \"Well,\" Rosemarie said and slightly cleared her throat, \"Everyone ready to eat?\"[Chapter 2] The Father's Approval Part 2: The Questioning The four at the table began to eat. As they did, there was an awkward silent tension cause by the so far obvious annoyance by John Simpson. The other three would exchange weird and desperate looks due to the tension caused by the elder of the two men that were present. Every so often, one of the three would glance at the elder man, usually the two women at the table would send him a sad or disappointed look, which he never noticed. This continued all throughout the dinner, and continued until Rosemarie brought out coffee once the meal was finished. \"So, Buckaroo,\" Rosemarie started, having enough of the silence her husband had created, \"Peggy told me that you're studying to be a neuroscientist, is that right?\" Buckaroo nodded. \"Yes, that's right,\" he answered, \"I've been majoring in it for three years now, along with my own personal studies with multiple other sciences. I've also been working on music theory and instrumentals.\" Peggy gave a proud smile as her mother gave an impressed look. \"Your parents must be very proud of you.\" Peggy panicked a bit. \"Uh, Mom-\"she started, but was cut off. \"Peggy, it's alright.\" Buckaroo's voice was almost as quiet as a whisper. Rosemarie looked confusedly at the two sitting across from the young couple. \"Did I say something wrong?\" \"It's fine. I'm guessing Peggy didn't tell you about my parents in her letters?\" The elder woman still looked confused. \"No, she didn't. Is there something wrong?\" Peggy had a sad look on her face. \"Mom, Buckaroo's parents were killed when he was five years old.\" Her tone of voice was quiet, but loud enough to be heard. For the first time since dinner, John Looked up, all traces of annoyance or irritation running from his face. He remained silent as he waited for a response from his wife. \"Oh my gosh,\" Rosemarie gasped slightly, \"I'm so sorry, I had no idea.\" \"Really, it's fine. I mean, it's not fine that they were killed, but as I grew up I learned to live with it. They're actually part of the reason I chose to become a scientist. They were scientists and I remember being with them for a few experiments that were left unfinished. The man who raised me after their death, who was very close with them and studied with them, found old journals a few years ago that had everything they'd ever studied and accomplished, so I decided I would become a scientist to finish their studies for them. That's also part of the reason I plan on starting a scientific research institute as soon as I graduate, and your daughter's agreed to join me.\" Rosemarie smiled as she continued then to question her daughter's boyfriend out of genuine curiosity. She asked questions about the upcoming institute, their plans for the institute, his scientific endeavors, his music, and anything else that branched off from those subjects. Peggy would interject every once in a while, but she pretty much just watched with a smile, happy how her boyfriend and mother were getting along. Her smile was also pride in her boyfriend and his dreams and plans for life, that she had been included in as they dated. Then every once in a while, she'd catch a glance at her father, who watched the two talking, his face still showing no emotion; that was what bothered her the most. Peggy had always been close with her father, ever since she was a little girl. Sure, he could be a bit overprotective over her at times, but she knew that he always meant well. As a teenager, she'd brought home two now ex-boyfriends, and he'd acted overprotective with her then. But in any case, it made since for him to be that way with her and any boy she had been interested in. But as least he had talked to those two ex-boyfriends; this time, her father hadn't even said one word to her current boyfriend yet, who she'd felt the most love and admiration for than any other man that was not related by marriage or by blood to her through her father or her mother, and quite honestly it was starting to bug her. As the evening progressed, Rosemarie had begun to clean up everything from dinner. Peggy had volunteered to help her mother in the kitchen, hoping that maybe her father would finally talk to Buckaroo. She felt bad about leaving the two alone, but she figured that maybe there would be something her father would say to him that he wouldn't want his wife and daughter in the room for and that's what he had said nothing yet… at least, she hoped this would be the case, and that if it was, it would work out fine. \"Daddy hates Buckaroo, doesn't he?\" Peggy asked quietly and sadly as they washed dishes; she had always called her father \"daddy\", even as she got older unless she was serious or mad about something. Rosemarie turned and gave her daughter a sad look. \"It's not that he hates him,\" she tried to explain, \"It's just that your father is very stubborn.\" \"But he hasn't even given Buckaroo a chance yet, Mom! He could at least do that.\" \"I know, I know. Look, sweetheart, if things don't get better by the end of the night, I'll talk to your father about giving him a chance.\" As the two Simpson women talked in the kitchen, the head of the house and the guest of the house were in the living room. John stood at the in home wet bar, pouring himself a drink, and Buckaroo watched cautiously from his seat on the couch. There was an awkward silence between the two, the only sound being the elder man pouring his drink into his glass. Once he finished, he walked over and sat in his chair that was opposite from where the younger man was sitting on the couch. \"Sure you don't want a drink, Banzai?\" John asked. \"No thank you, sir,\" Buckaroo answered surely, \"I'm fine.\" The elder man nodded. \"So you've been dating my daughter for two years.\" \"Yes, sir, that's right.' \"I wasn't asking you, I was stating a fact… anyway, how would you say you treat Peggy?\" \"Overall, very respectfully, sir.\" \"How do you mean that?\" \"Well, I treat her as an equal, mentally, just like she's told me she prefers. I like her for her mind rather than just her beauty.\" \"You're not using her for her mind, are you? Cause my Peggy is a very bright girl and has been all her life, and I don't want some \"hot shot scientist\" using my little girl for his all scientific achievements.\" Buckaroo gave an odd look. \"I would never do that,\" he said, \"I would never do that to anyone, especially your daughter.\" \"You better not,\" John said sternly, \"Cause if I find out you did something like that to my daughter, you'll be sorry.\" He then turned and stormed out of the room. As he did so, Rosemarie and Peggy had begun to walk into the living room. They both gave worried looks as the head of their house started to the back door. His wife quickly followed after him after saying \"maybe you two should get some sleep\" to the young couple, and the two nodded. Peggy slowly and sadly walked over to her boyfriend. \"I'm so sorry,\" she mumbled, \"I don't know why he's acting this way. I shouldn't have left you alone with him.\" Buckaroo quickly and gently took her into his arms in attempt to comfort her. \"It's alright,\" he whispered, \"And even after that, I'm not giving up. We still have tomorrow morning before we go to look at that piece of land.\" The young couple then retreated to the second floor and Peggy's old bedroom, where the two would be sleeping for the night.[Chapter 3] The Father's Approval Part 3: The Approval \"You need to give Buckaroo a chance,\" Rosemarie stated harshly and forcefully, \"You've barely said anything to him and you're treating him horribly.\" \"I just want a good man for my daughter,\" John said, \"Is that so wrong?\" \"Are you kidding me? He is everything we have ever wanted in a man for Peggy! Why can't you open up your eyes and see that?\" He was silent for a moment. \"I don't wanna lose her like we lost her sister.\" When Peggy was born, she was born a twin. Due to complications, John and Rosemarie had been told that the second baby didn't make it and had been stillborn. After the devastating news, the couple had decided to protect their surviving child any way they possibly could without seeming overbearing. They'd never told their daughter about her sister, and didn't plan to until they passed and there would be a letter for her in their will; they couldn't bare the idea of having to explain something like that to their sweet daughter, and they knew it would break her heart, and they didn't want to see her so broken. As their daughter aged, along with their vow to their daughter, they had ideas of the traits the man their daughter would eventually marry would have, at least what they wanted him to have. But now that the man had been found, John wasn't sure if he was ready to let his daughter go. \"We're not going to lose Peggy,\" Rosemarie said, \"And if they ever get married, which I can see happening in the future, we'd be gaining a wonderful son in law, not losing a daughter. Did you see how they would look at each other during dinner? That's how you look at me, John. Just think about that, and remember, they leave tomorrow morning after breakfast… and one more thing: try to remember how it felt when you were trying to gain my father's approval when we were dating. Maybe then you could understand what those two are trying to do.\" She kissed her husband's cheek, then made her way up the staircase to their bedroom. While the elder married couple talked, the younger couple did the same in Peggy's bedroom. Since there was no real guest bedroom, and the two could both fit in her old bed, they'd established they could share the bed. They'd done the same thing in hotels whenever visiting America during their breaks from Merton College, so it wasn't a big deal to them to share a bed. Mrs. Simpson had no trouble with the idea, but made sure to tell them her one and only rule, which was: \"No funny business.\" Her rule made the two young people share an embarrassed look: her daughter's cheeks turning pink, and her boyfriend's ears to turn red as he rubbed the back of his neck out of his embarrassment. Their reactions made the woman laugh a bit, saying, \"I know what it's like to be young and in love, so don't deny it and I won't tell anyone. Deal?\" \"You're not upset about today turned out, are you?\" Buckaroo asked his girlfriend hopefully. Peggy shrugged a bit and sat down on her window seat. \"I feel like I should be asking you that,\" she sighed, \"I mean, I hate the way my father's treating you, but at the same time, I love seeing you so determined to gain his approval.\" He sat down next to her at the window seat; she leaned her head against his shoulder and he wrapped his arm protectively around her shoulders. \"You know, if it makes you feel better, Professor Hikita still likes you from a few months ago when you first met him. And I firmly believe that my parents would love you if they were still here.\" \"That actually does make me feel a bit better, thank you. And to follow what my mother said at dinner…\" \"Yeah?\" \"Your parents would definitely be proud of you for all you've done and plan to do,\" Peggy said with a smile, \"Just like I am.\" He smiled back at her, taking her words to heart. Not long after, the two decided to go to bed. While sleep didn't come too easy for either of the two, they both eventually fell asleep comfortably in each other's arms, and would stay that way until morning. The next morning, the first to wake up in the house was Peggy. When she saw Buckaroo still asleep next to her, she couldn't help but smile; it was a rare thing to see him so peaceful and relaxed like he was when he was asleep that every time she saw him asleep, she cherished it. She tried to get out of the bed without waking him up, but frowned when she saw that he had woken him up. The two then got ready for the day, then went downstairs to the kitchen to cook breakfast for themselves and for her parents. The elder couple both gave surprised looks when they reached the dining room and saw that the two young people had made and served breakfast for all four of them. The four all ate breakfast together, the only person silent: John Simpson. While Rosemarie, Buckaroo and Peggy all talked while they ate, he sat there eating and watching the three in silence. He didn't look mad, and he didn't look happy, but he rather looked… neutral. In all honesty, it made the three a bit nervous, but they tried to hide it and ignore it as best as they could. Once breakfast was over, the young couple prepared to leave the house and go look at the property that they'd been told would be the perfect future site for the planned research institute. As they did this, the elder couple cleaned up after the meal in silence. The whole house had this silence, and the tension was so thick that a person would be unable to cut through it even with a chainsaw. The women in the house wished the last twenty-four hours had been more enjoyable for all four in the house and less tension filled, but sadly, this was not the case. \"It was so nice to finally meet you two,\" Buckaroo said in a respectful tone as they all walked to the front door. \"It was so wonderful to meet you, too, Buckaroo,\" Rosemarie smiled. John grunted irritably as he mumbled, \"Wonderful, my eye.\" While he said this, he had hidden intentions that only he knew about after thinking about what his wife had said, that would be a test; at this point, he hoped that Buckaroo would pass. Buckaroo's face contorted into annoyance. That's it, he thought, I've had enough of this. \"Ok, Mr. Simpson, before Peggy and I go, there's something I have to say to you before it drives me completely out of my mind.\" \"Fine, go ahead.\" It's working, he thought. \"Mr. Simpson, what do you have against me? Ever since I first walked through this door yesterday, I have bent over backwards trying to impress you, and it's quite clear that it's done nothing. It's obvious that you dislike me. I have tried to be respectful toward you and that didn't work. I tell you how I treat your daughter with respect and you accuse me of using her for her mind for the institute I plan on opening in the near future, which she has agreed to help with, then you threaten me without giving me a chance to say anything and irrationally. Now I know you don't like me, and I believe it's quite clear to your wife and daughter that you don't like me, and I don't know why. But I do know this: I love your daughter, and I would do anything for her. And because I love her, I am willing to go to the ends of the earth just to earn your respect and approval, and I will not stop trying until the day I do. And all of that? It wouldn't be for my sake of mind, it'd be for your daughter and her wish that you would approve of our relationship, and how she wants your approval even more so than I do.\" John kept a straight face. \"Are you finished?\" \"Yes, sir, I am.\" \"Good, cause there's something I want to say to you, Banzai.\" Peggy and her mother exchanged nervous looks, then she did the same with her boyfriend before the three looked cautiously and worriedly at the man of the house. John cleared his throat before saying: \"You got it.\" The three gave confused looks at his words. \"Excuse me?\" Buckaroo asked in a confused tone. \"You said that you would go to the ends of the earth to try and gain my respect and approval. And after that little lecture, I say that you've earned it… any man that is willing to stand up to me for my little girl and her wish for my approval of her relationship, deserves my approval.\" The three all smiled at his words, and he smiled as well. Peggy jumped to hug her father, then hugged her boyfriend, both of whom hugged her back. Rosemarie also hugged her husband before whispering, \"I knew you'd come around,\" with a smile. When the elder man held out his hand, Buckaroo accepted it and the two shook hands in a mutual agreement. \"Thank you, sir,\" he said with a smile. John smiled a bit as well. \"Call me John, Buckaroo,\" he said with a smile, and the younger man nodded. ","Summary":" The Father's Approval Part 1: The Meeting Buckaroo's heart pounded in his chest out of nervousness "},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"Blackout","Author":"chronicler-of-knuckles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5969977","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Blackout By The Chronicler Wind whistled through the night, twirling and dancing, rocking the trees. Their half frozen branches creaked in protest. A branch snapped. A slim, little limb so fine it floated through the air rather than fell, swishing this way and that, amidst a light shower of powder snow. Bright moon light reflected off the iced limb, sparkling and glinting as it twisted and blew, until it finally came to rest on a larger branch below Already over burdened with snow and ice, its back bowed by the cold wind, the added weight of one, tiny, whisp of a limb was enough.... the proverbial straw that broke the equally proverbial camel's back. The branch splintered, tore itself from the trunk, and came crashing down across the power lines below. In one fateful breath of wind the civilized world was brought down in a shower of snow and sparks, down into an existence of dark, dark, forever dark... 080808 Part One 080808 Mrs. Eunice Johnson set the battery lantern on the corner of her desk. \"Mrs. Johnson, that you?\" came a call from the balcony that over looked the entry and her desk. \"Yea.\" She grabbed her flashlight and turned it to light the stairs for Peggy Banzai. \"You and the baby alright?\" Peggy carefully made her way down, holding her two year old daughter in her arms. Close behind her was four year old J.B. being protectively lead under the arm of six year old Ducky. \"Why are the lights out? Didn't the generator kick on?\" Peggy wanted to know. \"Don't know.\" Mrs. Johnson answered. She pulled out her chair for Peggy to sit down, before scooping up little J.B. and sitting him down on the file cabinet behind her desk. She turned and held her hands out to Ducky. The little girl shook her head. Holding up her A-Team flashlight, she declared \"I'm gonna go check on my horses.\" She turned and headed for the door. \"Ducky...\" Peggy started, but it was Mrs. Johnson who stopped her. \"Hold on there, cowgirl.\" She grabbed the back of the little girl's PJs and pulled her back. \"I need you to look after Peggy and the babies.\" \"I'm not a baby!\" J.B. declared, pounding himself in the chest. \"Are too!\" Ducky returned. J.B. pouted. \"Mommy!\" he wined. Suddenly the lights flickered then buzzed on. \"About time.\" Mrs. Johnson breathed. \"And then there was light!\" announced Perfect Tommy as he walked into the entry. \"Uncle Tommy!\" Ducky cheered, running and leaping into his arms. Laughing, Perfect Tommy hugged her. \"And what are you doing outta bed? Don't tell me the light goin' out woke you little rugrats up.\" \"J.B. was scared.\" Ducky told him. \"Was not!\" the child protested. Perfect Tommy swung the girl around onto his back, holding onto a leg while she wrapped her arms around his shoulders. Once secure, he hobbled over and bent down so as to be eye to eye with J.B. \"You weren't afraid?\" he asked in awe. J.B. shook his head, his black curls bouncing falling into his eyes. With a little hand, he brushed them away. \"Well, maybe you should stick with me then, buddy.\" Tommy winked at Peggy, before turning back to her son. \"'Cause I was shaking in my skibbies.\" The children giggled. They didn't find the thought of their uncle being scared so funny. But the fact that he had said skibbies... now that was something to laugh about. \"What's going on?\" Peggy asked now that the children were distracted. \"Why didn't the generator kick on?\" \"It did.\" Perfect Tommy reminded her, nodding up at the lights. \"Just took a moment longer is all. A cold start does that.\" He glanced at the children, then rose up. \"Mrs. J, Rawhide says to shut down the excess systems. Everyone has go-phones, we don't need the house com system. Stuff like that. And the kitchen staff needs to get down to the freezers, take inventory. We need everything turned off that we don't need.\" \"We're stocked for winter.\" she reminded him. \"He knows.\" Perfect Tommy shrugged. He wrapped an arm around J.B. and hiked him up under his arm. \"How'd you little rugrats like to have a sleep over, huh?\" \"In your room?\" Ducky asked excitedly. Peggy chuckled. \"Ah, no.\" she assured. She had seen Perfect Tommy's room. She didn't need to wait for his answer to know there was no way in hell the children were gonna step foot in that mess. \"Zoey's room.\" She rose to her feet. \"Tell Buckaroo to come through our door when he comes to bed. Don't want him stepping on anyone.\" \"I'll tell him.\" Mrs. J assured. She eyed Perfect Tommy. \"You'll get them to bed?\" He nodded. \"Alrighty, rugrats, let's say good night to aunty Eunice.\" J.B. yawned. Ducky offered a tired wave before dropping her head on her uncle's shoulder. Mrs. Johnson smiled. \"Make sure to get them some extra blankets.\" she told him, taking a moment to wrap her coat around Peggy's shoulders. \"And you, you keep that little lady warm.\" Peggy smiled. She tugged the coat around her and her little girl. \"Good night, Eunice.\" Then she turned and started back up the stairs. Perfect Tommy scooted J.B. up on his hip and was about to follow, when Mrs. Johnson stopped him. \"Tommy? We're digging in for the long haul, aren't we?\" she wanted to know. The Cavalier became serious. \"Yea, looks like it. Whole city is down.... an' probably a lot more.\" \"Refugees?\" she wondered. \"We'll know more come mornin'.\" He smiled down at J.B. as he snuggled under his chin. \"Better get these rugrats to bed.\" Mrs. Johnson watched as he lugged the two children up the stairs. She could hear Ducky's tired voice ask \"Uncle Tommy?\" \"Yea, sweets?\" \"Whatta we gonna haul long?\" Perfect Tommy's laughter echoed down the stairs and through the halls. Mrs. Johnson shook her head, smiling. \"Oh life with children.\" she whispered to herself. Her hand dropped to her ever so slightly bulging belly. For a moment she wondered if Perfect Tommy could juggle three rugrats up the stairs. For another moment she wondered how he was going to react when he found out... not to mention Rawhide and Buckaroo and the others. So far only New Jersey knew. But it was only a matter of time... Jeez, if it wasn't for her baggy sweat shirts, they'd already know. The lights dimmed for a moment. She sighed. Grabbing her check list from her desk, she headed off. It was gonna be a long, cold night and she had a lot of work to do if they were gonna make the next long, cold night.[Chapter 2] Part 2 Knuckles stood in the entry of the Jessie James Club and watched the abandon street out the front windows. The snow was piled half way up the big windows. Every time the street plow came through, the snow piled higher. It was now three feet high. That left Knuckles two feet and some few odd inches to see over the top. Not that it should bother her any. She never used the front doors anyway, and the heating rods under the walks kept the doors clear and the ice melted. Well, they would if there was electricity. For six days the blackout had shut down the entire city. The entire state! And most of the rest of the northern states and a good chunk of southern Canada. And the only news was that it was gonna be a long time before the power came back on again. Gage stepped pass Knuckles and pulled the wood colored steel shutters across the window. \"I can finish. You better get going before the roads are closed.\" he advised, locking the shutters in place. Knuckles sighed. \"I hate leaving.\" she mumbled. \"Feels too much like running.\" Her head bouncer glanced at her and grinned. \"Not even the toughest of the toughies can win against Mother Nature.\" He shrugged. \"Besides, the Cavaliers are waiting for supplies.\" \"Yadda, yadda, yadda.\" She turned and walked through the tunnel into the main room of the club. The bar was closed down, all the bottles and glasses locked away, safe and sound, in the storage cellar. The big, decorative mirrors that surrounded the spiral stair case at the center of the island bar were covered with wooden planks. The chairs were all turned over on the tables, the polished dance floor was covered with a dry pad to protect it from the temperature drops. The colored lights had been pulled down and boxed. The windows were all shuttered close. The side exit doors were all barred and double locked. The Jessie James Club was shut down, locked up, and ready to stand against anything the blacked out city might throw at it. Oddity sat up on the stage and wined. Knuckles huffed at him. \"Quit worrying. No one's gonna get in here while we're away.\" She shook her head as she grabbed his leash and her coat off the bar and started across the dance floor to him. \"'Sides, anyone determined enough to make it pass the locks, the security systems, and the odd booby trap probably isn't after your chew toys.\" That said, she paused to look around again. \"Quit dilly-dallying, Knuckles.\" Gage hollered at her as he came through the club, shutting down the last of the generator powered lights. \"I'm not leaving until you are well on your way... and you know how I get when I miss breakfast with my girls!\" \"Yadda, yadda...\" \"Jessie...\" \"We're going!\" Knuckles snapped. She smiled up at him. \"Kiss the girls for me. Tell them they'll each get a puppy for Valentines.\" \"Ha!\" Gage barked. \"Over your dead body. That's all I need.\" As he came up to the stage, he snatched at Oddity's mane. \"Another mutt!\" \"Hey!\" Knuckles cried, insulted for her pet. \"He isn't a mutt! He's a pure bred Silver Austrian...\" \"Yadda, yadda, yadda. Get!\" He opened the door and Oddity ran out, closely followed by Knuckles. \"Drive safe. And call me when you get to the Institute!\" \"Yes, daddy.\" she chirped, before he slammed the door behind her. With one more sigh, she turned to her hummer. She missed her old truck, but mornings like this she silently thanked TommyBoy and crew for her hummer (though she'd never forgive that girl for shooting her beloved truck). Her truck would have never started in weather this cold. Not to mention haul the trailer of fuel , batteries, and a few other this and that's the Institute needed, over icy roads, at dawn, in black out USA.. She opened the door and, after Oddity had hopped in, she threw in her coat and climbed in after. \"Here we go.\" she mumbled, sliding in the key card. The powerful engine roared to life and Knuckles, Oddity, and the hummer started the long drive for the Banzai Institute. 808080 Pinky Carruthers shivered. Not that he was really cold. Not that he was ever cold on gate duty any more... not after Alaska Anne sent him that parka last Christmas. Even the razor crisp, icy air of the dawn hours wasn't enough to make its way through the thick Klondike bear fur. It was that dead, emptiness out there, beyond the wall of the Institute that sent shivers up the gate keeper's spine. It was nearly eight in the morning. They were in a nice, suburban neighborhood. The street should have been busy with morning traffic, folks heading to their every day, suit and tie, white collar jobs. And the kids should have been lined up at the bus stop. bundled up so tight against the winter weather that they walk like the State Marshmallow Man. The corner video joint generally had a delivery truck this time of morning this day of the week. The mail delivery truck should have been making its way down the street, one mail box at a time. There were always a few die hard fans hanging around the gate 24/7 no matter how cold, how hard it rained, nor how dark it got. And, rain or shine, old maid Ms. Olson should have been limping her way across the entrance of the Institute on her morning walk, pausing only long enough to blow a kiss and wink at which ever guard happened to be on watch. Hell, just yesterday, the old lady had put the fear of love making into one of the newer, better looking gate guards. But, today, the only movement outside the gate was a pair of newbie residents shoveling the front drive. Pinky chuckled. He wondered how long the old timers were gonna let those kids bust their backs before they introduced them to the plow. Rawhide liked to give the lecture of how physical labor was good for the soul, but, personally, Pinky thought the old cowboy just liked putting them to work. One of the residents paused to lean on the shovel. She pushed back her hood to get a better look at something coming up the sidewalk. Pinky straightened up. Standing on the wall, he couldn't quite see as far down the street as the two residents on street level outside the wall could. So, anything that had caught their attention, definitely had his. The resident handed her shovel back to her companion, before taking a few steps down the street, momentarily out of sight. A minute later, she returned to the front drive with two small children; one on her hip, the other clutching at her pant leg. Both wore nothing more than booted PJs, zipped right up under their chins. Their legs were wet from walking through the snow, the toes of their booties stiff and icy, and they were shivering so hard their teeth were clattering. \"Pinky!\" called the other resident who dropped the shovels and hurried to scoop up the second child. \"Bring them in.\" Pinky answered, before heading for the steps and hurrying down to meet them. \"Stone, wake up a doc!\" he ordered another guard who was pulling the gate open for the residents. \"Where did they come from?\" he wanted to know as the two children were presented to him like freshly caught river trout. \"They were peeking around the tree.\" the girl explained. \"Look at them. Near half frozen.\" \"Da.\" the other resident agreed, opening up his coat and wrapping it around the child in his arms. \"Blue boy.\" he agreed in his broken English. \"They're too young to be wandering around out there alone.\" the girl observed. She tilted the little head up and asked \"Where's your mama, sweety?\" But the child was shivering too hard to speak. \"Take them to the infirmary.\" Pinky ordered, slipping out of his coat and wrapping it around the resident and her cargo. \"Stone, take the gate. I'm goin' out to see if I can't find out where these rugrats came from.\" \"But your coat...\" the resident protested. \"Trust me.... I won't be out that long.\" He shivered, already freezing. \"Not long at all.\" 808080 He was just closing his eyes when, suddenly.... \"Daddy! Daddy! Daddydaddydaddydad....\" Buckaroo shot upright so sudden he had to snatch little J.B. to keep from knocking him off of the bed. Seemingly unaware of any problem with his method of waking his father up, the boy sat on Buckaroo's legs and grinned up at him. \"Daddy, Ducky and I wanted to watch cartoons. We always watch cartoons with Uncle Tommy on Saturdays. But there aren't any. Why's that? It's okay though, 'cause Ducky an' I wanna play in the snow, but Uncle Tommy.... he's all grumpy. He really likes his cartoons. How old is he anyway?\" he chattered, tilting his head to one side, black curls bouncing on his forehead, his striking blue eyes blinking at him, waiting for an answer. But before Buckaroo could even consider an answer, Peggy reached across the bed and scooped her son up. \"Ask your father in about, oh, four hours. I'm sure he'll be awake enough then to answer.\" she suggested, dropping him on his feet on the floor. With a pat on his rear, she scooted him away. \"Now, off with you. Once you and the girls are dress, we'll head down for breakfast. And bundle up!\" \"Yes, ma'am.\" J.B. called over his shoulder as he bounced into the next room. Once alone, Peggy knelt on the bed and gently leaned into Buckaroo, pushing him back down in the bed. \"As for you... Four hours. Understand?\" she breathed, her lips brushing across his. \"I don't want to see you out of this bed for four whole hours.... not until noon. Any questions?... Shut up! Good!\" Snatching a quick kiss, she tucked the blankets in around him. Then, with a grin, she rose up from the bed, and started for the next room. With a tired sigh, Buckaroo closed his eyes and settled back into the pillows. The Cavalier theme song beeped from his go-phone on the night stand. With a groan, he dragged a pillow over his face. Peggy turned back, snatched up the go-phone and answered it. \"No, Perfect Tommy, there is nothing Buckaroo can do about the cartoon situation. Have you considered playing in the snow? No? How about getting buried in the snow?\" she was saying as she exited the room, closing the door behind her. 808080 \"Pinky!\" The gate keeper glanced back over his shoulder to see Rawhide jogging toward him. Reno Nevada was only a step behind. Pinky Carruthers stood on the corner of the Banzai Institute's block where he had followed the little footsteps of the lost children, trying to figure how far he should go. \"Fill me in.\" the big cowboy ordered, tossing him a spare coat, when he had caught up. Gratefully, Pinky pulled the coat on and zipped it up right under his chin. \"Jacklin and Duff found a couple of kids at the gate.\" \"Yea, met the popsicle twins.\" Reno piped in. \"Where'd they come from?\" \"That's what I'm aiming to find out.\" Pinky answered, returning his attention to the footprints. He started to follow them around the corner and down the street. Rawhide and Reno followed. \"Damn, it's quiet out here.\" Reno mumbled after a few minutes. \"Those kids must have been spooked all to hell to come out here alone.\" Rawhide shrugged. \"Bets they're out here everyday, playing with the neighborhood kids. It's only those of us old enough to remember the last black out who think this is anything other than an excuse for a school snow day.\" Reno shivered as he remembered. \"Those were dark days... no pun intended. Who'd have thought civilization could fall so far just due to a lack of electricity?\" Rawhide shook his head. \"The criminal element is always there, Reno. Lights on or off, it is always there. The greed, the malice, the suspicions... just happens folks can hide it better in the light. All civilization is is the acknowledgment that that element is there coupled with the attempt to keep it hidden.\" \"Hell.\" Pinky mumbled. \"Here I thought civilization was the ignorin' that that element was there.\" He stopped, his eyes rising from the ground. \"So, who leaves the door open on a morning like this?\" He nodded to a house across the street which the little footprints seemed to have come from. Rawhide frowned. \"Let's find out.\" He lead the way across the street and headed for the house. All three men stopped cold when the front gate squeaked when he pushed it open. Reno took a shaky breath. \"Anyone else got the shivers?\" \"It's cold.\" Rawhide answered him, continuing on. But Reno and Pinky hesitated. \"Really.\" Pinky mumbled, assuring the writer. \"He's freaked too.... he's just more civilized than we are.\" At the door, Rawhide paused to knock. \"Hello? Anyone home?\" There was no answer. \"This is Rawhide from the Banzai Institute. We've found your children.\" he tried again. Nothing. Rawhide glanced back at his men. \"Reno, wait here. Pinky, let's take a look. And remember: folks are scared. This is their home and they have every right to protect it.\" \"Same as I would.\" Pinky grumbled, following him into the house. \"Hello? Anyone home?\" Rawhide continued to call as he and Pinky walked into the living room. With a nod, he directed Pinky to the dining room to the left while he probed deeper into the room. \"There's no need to be afraid.\" he assured whoever might be in the house. \"We only want to help.\" A glass sat on an end table. The clear liquid within was frozen. The house plants, wilted and cracking, were also suffering from the extreme cold of the house. Burnt out candles rested here and there, but their flames had gone out long ago, leaving them dead and cold. The edges of the windows were iced almost decoratively, the ice spreading in a snow flake like pattern. \"Rawhide, there's a dog dish.\" Pinky warned as he returned from the other room. \"But it's small. Probably one of those little yappy things.\" He paused to look around. \"Why isn't it yapping?\" The big cowboy shrugged. \"Let's check the bedrooms.\" he suggested heading down the hall. The first room was a bathroom. The tub had been filled with water, an attempt to save what was left in the pipes when the electric powered pumps died. Like the other liquids in the house, it was iced over. \"I'm really not liking this.\" Pinky mumbled. Almost without thought, he unzipped his coat and checked his gun. \"Easy.\" Rawhide reminded him, though he too rested a hand on his hip where his own weapon hid under his coat. He lead the way to the next room. A kid's room with bunk beds, though one didn't have any blankets. The other was piled with heavy blankets and a couple of stuffed toys: one pink rabbit with long, floppy ears; the other a brown, pudgy teddy bear. Varies other toys and clothing were scattered across the floor. The window was covered with a sleeping bag that was taped into place. \"They must've been sharing the bed to keep warm.\" Rawhide observed. He couldn't help but thank whatever great entity might be responsible that Ducky was safe and sound and warm back at the house. \"So, `someone' was looking after them.\" Pinky backed out of the room. \"Where's mommy and daddy?\" he wondered. They continued to the last room, a large master bedroom. The door was open. The big bed had only a blanket or two, but was covered with coats and clothing. On the nightstand on the far side of the bed was a bottle of cough medicine tipped on its side. The huge windows were also covered, but with sheets. There was a whimper. The two men stopped. Rawhide held up a hand, indicating that Pinky should stay where he was. Then he started forward, around the bed. \"Hello? We don't mean any harm.\" he assured. On the floor beside the bed was a woman. She laid on the floor, curled in a tight ball around a small Scottish terrier dog. She seemed unconscious, her skin deathly pale. She shuddered with each struggled breath. The sweats she wore under her robe were wet with sweat, the bits exposed to the cold air stiff with initial freezing. The dog looked up at him and wined. \"Aw, damn.\" he gasped. \"Pinky, call us some transport.\" he ordered, ripping a blanket off the bed and dropping down to wrap it around her. The terrier snipped at him, but Rawhide snatched it up. \"And take this.\"[Chapter 3] Part 3 J.B. poked at his hot cereal with his Micky Mouse spoon. He just couldn't seem to bring himself to eat it. Not that he didn't like it or anything like that. Fact was hot cinnamon toast grits was one of his very favoritest cold morning breakfasts. Almost like having desert first thing... and there wasn't a mom on the whole world that could say he couldn't have it, 'cause, as odd as it was, it was also good for him. But this morning he just couldn't seem to eat. He looked across the room to where the two new kids huddled together, trying to warm up. They were now wearing dry clothes (Ducky's wool jumper and J.B.'s furry one-piece sleeper), blankets wrapped around their shoulders, their own hot breakfast gobbled up, Big Norse sitting beside them. She had given up trying to get them to talk to her, so she just stayed close until they decided to talk on their own. J.B. sighed. He climbed out of his seat, picked up his bowl, and started across the room. \"Hey.\" Ducky called after him, frowning at his departure. \"Where you goin'?\" She hated when he did stuff like this. How was she supposed to keep an eye on the little runt when he's always up and wandering away? Big Norse glanced up as J.B set his bowl on the table in front of her and the two little strangers. He struggled up into the adult size chair, settling on his knees. \"Hi.\" he offered up to the children. The two just looked at him. J.B. chewed on his lip. He glanced at their empty bowls and his full bowl. Again he sighed. Then he pushed his bowl across the table to the little girl. \"Here. Have mine. It's still hot. An' it's good.\" he offered. \"Oh, J.B.\" Norse started. \"That's very nice, but we can get them some more if...\" She stopped when the girl reached out and pulled the bowl closer. She smiled shyly at J.B. and mumbled \"I like cinnamon toast.\" It was the first time she or her brother had spoken since they had arrived. Norse's eyes went big. \"Well, 'course that's what'd it take.\" growled Ducky as she climbed up beside J.B. With a shake of her head, she shoved her own bowl at the boy. \"Might as well eat up.\" she suggested. \"Can't ride fences with a growly stomach. Scares the horses.\" she repeated what her father had told her many times when he had taken her for rides. \"Horses?\" the little boy grinned. He looked up at his sister. \"They got horses?\" Ducky might not have been too happy with giving up her breakfast, but she was more than happy to tell them all about \"her\" horses. Ten minutes later, and another round of hot grits for everyone, the children were giggling and chatting as if they had known each other their entire short lives. \"Hey.\" Norse looked up as Perfect Tommy pushed through the swinging doors, heading for the kitchen. \"Uncle Tommy!\" J.B. and Ducky cheered, quickly followed by a \"Did you fix the T.V.?\" Tommy huffed. \"See? That's the sort of appreciation I get around here.\" Despite that, he leaned over and gave each of the children a light kiss on the forehead, not noticing the extra pair of kisses doled out, before continuing on and disappearing into the kitchen. Wiping the back of his hand across his forehead, the new little boy complained \"He kissed me!\" \"Who was that?\" his sister wanted to know. \"Uncle Tommy.\" Ducky explained. \"He tends to be ditacted.\" \"That's distracted, baby.\" Norse corrected, rather amused at her daughter's explanation. Perfect Tommy stepped back into the dining room. His eyes narrowed as he looked the children over. \"One... two... three...\" He glanced at Norse. \"How'd that happen?\" Norse laughed. \"Long story.\" \"Can't be all that long. There were only two a couple hours ago.\" Perfect Tommy protested. \"Rawhide saved them.\" Ducky told him. Tommy frowned at her. \"I thought Rawhide wanted you to call him `dad'.\" he reminded. Ducky huffed. \"Yea? Well, there sure is a lot the fellas in this house are gonna want and ain't gonna get.\" Perfect Tommy opened his mouth for a retort, but, remembering how old she was, turned to Big Norse. \"Um?\" Big Norse grinned. \"That's my girl!\" 808080 New Jersey laid a gentle hand over the woman's forehead. \"Fever's high, but we can take care of it.\" He looked up at Rawhide and Peggy who waited by the door. \"But another day in that freezer and there wouldn't be anything we could do for her.\" He took a moment to tuck the blanket in around her, waved an intern to the bed, then he stepped away to the sink to wash his hands. \"I'll tell her children.\" Peggy offered. \"We can bed them down with ours until their mother is up to looking after them. When can they see her?\" Jersey shrugged. \"Let's give her a day's rest. See how she's doing come morning.\" \"Thanks, Sidney. Excellent as always.\" She stepped up to offer him a kiss on the cheek, then hurried out of the room, calling over her shoulder \"I'll send down some breakfast for you, and some coffee.\" Rawhide bobbed his head at the doctor, thanking him, before turning and starting after the lady Banzai. \"Rawhide.\" Jersey stopped him. When he turned back, Jersey lowered his voice to keep the conversation between just them. \"It was a pretty bad cold season this year. Ran out of flu shots, only about half of those who really needed it got any. And with the black out...\" He glanced back at the sick women in his care. \"She isn't gonna be the only one. And how many kids are gonna be brave enough to go looking for help?\" Rawhide scratched his chin. \"You want us to go out looking for them?\" Jersey shrugged. \"They are our neighbors. And we do have resources that they don't.\" The big cowboy sighed. \"Alrighty, doc. Give me a few medics and busses setting at the gate. I'll go round up a couple of teams.\" He shook a finger at the man. \"But we just might be opening our gates to a whole lot of trouble we don't want.\" The doctor smiled. \"Why should it be any different today?\" 808080 The rig tilted out over the edge of the overpass, caught only by a tiny porche tucked under its second axel. The long trailer leaned at an awkward tilt, braced up only by a bent over light pole and a smashed highway patrol car. Snow drifted lightly down on the accident scene, covering it in layers, marking the time it had laid there, lifeless. Knuckles leaned forward on the steering wheel and gazed out the front window. \"What do you think, boy?\" she wondered. \"Looks like it's been sitting there for awhile. Maybe more than a day.\" Oddity wined. Knuckles shook her head. \"Guess there's not much choice, is there?\" The dog pawed at her arm, wining again. The little bounty hunter sighed. \"You know, sometimes I really miss sunny California.\" she growled, swinging her door open and sliding out. Stepping aside, she ordered \"Oddity, track!\" Instantly the dog leaped out of the vehicle and took off in the snow. He paused just long enough to sniff at the ground and then the air, before giving a bark and running off behind the trailer. Knuckles huffed. \"Probably a truck full of grungy, old cowboy boots.\" she grumbled, before turning and making her way toward the rig. She couldn't help but feel uneasy. She never did feel quite at home in the city. Too many people. And people were never very trustworthy in Knuckles' book. Well, not a hell of a lot of them anyways. Somehow, though, she thought she'd prefer crowds of people to this empty, silent, white landscape. No one was out. Not on the roads. Not in the stores. New York's famous shopping malls were locked up. The parks were devoid of life. The harbors sat empty, the ships moving on to any port that might offer them warmth and power. The elite New York Police were unseen, their stations empty, their cars sitting silently at the curbs. Even the infamous urban taxis sat, lifeless, buried in snow. No one was leaving their homes for even a good ol' fashion snow ball fight. The whole state looked like some scene from a post apocalyptic Christmas movie. Almost without thinking, Knuckles released the snaps on her coat, making her ever present Starr Army Revolver easy to reach. \"Hello?\" she called as she reached the porche. She wasn't overly surprised to see a scraped and broken hand pinned between the crushed in roof and the window. She knew the driver was dead even before she felt for a pulse. Tended to happen when a penny racer took on a big rig. \"Idiot.\" Knuckles grumbled. She crouched down to see if she could get a better look into the crushed car, see if anyone else might be inside. But there was nothing she could see. It would take a lot of heavy equipment and man power if anyone was ever to get a look at the passenger seat. With a shake of her head, she continued on to the cab of the truck. \"Hello?\" she continued to call, hoping to hear an answer. Not that she believed she would get one. Anyone who would have survived the accident would have either been evacuated to the hospital by now, or froze to death during the night. Shucks, even before the power went out, the news had been full of stories of homeless being found dead all over the city. Frozen in their sleep on park benches, on door steps, in gutters… Now that everything was shut down… Well, the news wasn't broadcasting anymore, but it didn't take a genius to know it'd get a hell of a lot colder when there was no longer any power to run the heaters. As she drew closer, Knuckles' attention sharpened. There was something very wrong about the truck. The long nose of the truck was scrapped, like something had pushed it. Three finger size holes were clustered in the door, another six spread out. Bullet holes. \"Crap.\" Knuckles hissed, pulling her Starr free and checking the load. \"Something wrong, miss?\" Knuckles ground her teeth. She really had to get eyes in the back of her head. Slowly turning around, she saw a very young man in a highway patrol uniform. As soon as he saw her gun, he started for his, but Knuckles quickly held one hand up, returning the weapon to its holster. \"Easy. I'm a bounty hunter. I have a license to carry a fire arm. It's in my back pocket.\" The officer eased a little, though his hand remained on the butt of his own gun. \"Yea? What's your name? Whatchya doin' here?\" As soon as the Starr was tied down, Knuckles raised both hands up. \"Names Knuckles… Jessica James. I'm running supplies to the Banzai Institute. There's an order and delivery sheet on a clip board in my truck.\" His eyes narrowed. \"What sorta supplies?\" he wanted to know. Knuckles shrugged. \"Food, fuel… supply stuff. Didn't really look at the list.\" The officer huffed. \"How you know you ain't hauling a butt load of crack or weed or ice or somethin'?\" Knuckles chuckled. \"You really don't know anything about the Banzai Institute, do you?\" \"Yea, well, think we better just take custody of the load and give it a real good look for ourselves.\" The little bounty hunter stiffened. \"Yea?… No, not gonna happen. You're not taking my load. Don't mind you taking a look. Don't mind giving you a ride, considering.\" She glanced back at the crushed patrol car. Her heart stopped. Bullet holes. More than a dozen. Splashed across the hood, up the side of the car, cracking windows. Bloody boot print. Crowbar dropped below the forced door. Licking her lips, she turned back to the officer. In a quick glance, her trained eye took in everything that was wrong with him. His uniform was too big, baggy even. Pant cuffs turned up. The belt had a dull mark, noting that that was the hole usually used, not the one two holes tighter, being used now. His boots were street boots, laced but not tied, silver studs making them look tuff but not really dangerous. The heavy patrol coat's zipper was torn, hanging open just enough to see a dark red smear staining the tan lining. His hair was too long, greasy. He wore a diamond stud in one ear. The head of a snake tattoo poked up from under his collar, up his neck. He held his hand out to her, the other taking a firm hold on the butt of his gun. \"You gonna do just what you're told, Miss.\" he ordered. Knuckles kept her hands up. \"So… that your car? Pretty miraculous you got out of that without a scratch.\" \"Shit, no one got outta that mess alive!\" he laughed. He eyed her. \"What… what type of gun is that? Looks old. Is it expensive?\" Knuckles smiled. Carefully, with one hand she pulled the Starr free again, letting it dangle unthreatenly between her fingers. \"Civil War Starr Army Revolver. Only six shots, but one is all it takes to put grizzly in its place.\" He tilted his head. \"Get many bears where you from?\" \"Nope.\" Knuckles shook her head. \"Just a lot of dumb asses who thinks it's a good idea to mess with the law. Remember? Bounty Hunter.\" This time his laugh was a little uneasy. \"Good thing I'm the law, huh? Otherwise we just might have a problem.\" \"A big problem.\" Knuckles agreed. \"So… if you're good here, I'll just mount up and be on my way.\" She started to back towards her truck. \"Yea… can't let you do that.\" the phony cop answered taking a step towards her. \"See, like I said, we're gonna take custody of that load.\" Before he finished, Knuckles' hand snapped, her Starr flipping up into the palm of her hand, and she took aim. The man in front of her froze. \"And, like I said, not gonna happen.\" she answered. \"Gonna happen.\" came another voice. \"Might take that ride though.\" chuckled a second from behind. \"And I'm thinking you'll do it with a smile.\" came a third. Knuckles stopped cold. \"Seriously, I'm gonna have to get me some eyes in the back of my head.\" she growled. Her empty hand up in the air again, she held her Starr up between two fingers in the other. \"You know, this is going to be a lot more fun for me than you.\" she warned. She heard the crunching snow as one of them stepped up behind her. \"Wouldn't bet on it.\" was hissed in her ear. She was ready when he reached an arm around her waist and pulled her back against him. Knuckles stepped back, the heal of one boot sliding down his shin as she grabbed his arm. With a curse, the thug wobbled on his unwounded leg. The bounty hunter spun, pulling his arm, and sending him sliding, face first, across the snow. \"Oddity!\" she shouted, dropping to one knee, and firing, dropping the phony cop as he struggled to get his own weapon out. A snarl and a bark told her Oddity was on another. But before Knuckles could find the third man, she was hit from behind. Time stopped just long enough for her to wonder if she had been hit by a truck, then she heard the shot.[Chapter 4] Part 4 They had actually trained for this. Perfect Tommy had called it the Armageddon Scenario. Rawhide had made it very clear that no one was to call it that outside of the Bunk House. Last thing he needed was a swarm of panicking civilians all cramming for a last chance at survival. Point being, when the gates of the Banzai Institute swung open, they knew what to do. Blue Blazes, mounted on horses, leading horse draw carts (part of the scenario was saving gas), headed out, calling out on blow horns. Tables were set up at the gate to check in visitors. Further in were areas to get food, medical help, and to just warm up. Mrs. Johnson glanced at her clipboard. \"Juju, make sure you get everyone signed in.\" she called to an intern at the first table before turning to check the clipboard handed to her by another. \"Okay… okay, but run through the rooms first. Make sure no one left anything behind that might blow up a hapless civilian when they move into the room. Oh, and anything you don't recognize, call in Perfect Tommy's people.\" she ordered, handing the clipboard back. She couldn't help but add \"Probably something one of them left behind anyway.\" \"Mrs. Johnson.\" Pinky gave her that disapproving look he saved just for her. \"You should be up at the house. Too many department heads running around out here, vulnerable.\" Mrs. Johnson smiled. \"What do you thinks gonna happen, Pinky? Some little Death Dwarf disguised as a half froze, half starved kid is gonna wander in here and start hacking away?\" The Gate Keeper's eyes narrowed. Lifting his go-phone up, he called to his guards. \"Hey, hoods down. Make sure those are kids in them big coats and not some crazed half pint.\" That done, he jabbed a finger at Mrs. Johnson. \"You, back to the house!\" He didn't bother to hang around to see if she would obey. Hell, he knew she wouldn't. But, least he felt better doing the whole finger jabbing thing. Mrs. Johnson actually chuckled as he stomped away. Another intern handed her another clipboard, asking \"Is he for real?\" \"Sweety, you should see him when there really is a Death Dwarf threat.\" \"Heads up, boys and girls!\" Rawhide called as he marched down the driveway in front of the first visitors. \"Lets get these folks logged and settled quickly. Be aware: Beta Team is bringing in a wagon load in three.\" He turned and started directing the civilians to the tables. 808080 Buckaroo wiggled the little light. \"Say yaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!\" The small boy grinned. \"Ya!\" he cheered. Buckaroo frowned. \"Forgot the aaaaaaaaaa part.\" He stuck out his toung, opened his mouth wide and… \"Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa…..\" Buckaroo shined the light down his throat. \"Just what I thought.\" When the child looked up at him, he went on to say \"Monkeys. You've got monkeys swinging on your tonsils. That's why your throat hurts.\" He tapped his nose. \"No worries. I know just what will chase them monkeys away.\" \"Bananas?\" the boys wondered . But the doctor shook his head. \"Nope. Monkeys like bananas.\" He looked at him with a frown and a raised eye brow. \"You like cherries?\" When he got an eager nod, Buckaroo grinned. \"Good. 'Cause monkeys don't. I'm going to give your mother here a permission slip. It says that she has the doctor's okay to get you some sweet, yummy cherry medicine.\" He wrote a prescription as he spoke and handed it to the boy's waiting mother. \"Thank you, Doctor Banzai.\" she nearly cried. \"I don't know what we would have done… we couldn't get to a hospital and I was so afraid…\" She clutched his hand as if he was their only hope for survival. Buckaroo smiled and gave her hand a reassuring pat. \"Everything's going to be alright.\" he promised before turning her and her son over to an intern to get the prescription filled and return them to their family. Buckaroo arched his back and rolled his shoulder. \"Still alive over there, Sid?\" he called to Jersey who was just cleaning up after his last patient. \"I've seen twenty-five patients in the last four hours in a MASH tent.\" Jersey told him. \"Back hurts, neck aches, fingers numb, eyes rolling up in the back of my head. And I've ran out of lollipops.\" Buckaroo chuckled. \"Fun, huh? I spend too much time behind the microscope or surgical mask. Not nearly enough checking tonsils and handing out lollipops.\" Grabbing a handful of pops out of his cup, he crossed the tent and refilled Jersey's cup, saving one for himself. \"Seemed like every other kid asked about your fuzzy pants…\" Jersey groaned. \"One wardrobe mistake…. For crying out loud, it was my first day as a Cavalier! Why'd they pick that get up to design the doll after?\" Buckaroo's chuckle turned into a laugh. \"Because… it gets that reaction.\" Jersey dropped his chin to his chest and groaned again. Buckaroo continued to chuckle as he popped the lollipop into his mouth and swung an arm around his friend's shoulders. \"Gentlemen.\" Mrs. Johnson called as she entered the tent, a clipboard in hand. \"Looks like things are finally slowing down. Might grab some lunch while you have a moment.\" she suggested as she walked over to them. Steeling Buckaroo's lollipop, she shook it at him. \"These are for the children.\" \"I'm young at heart.\" he protested. And, just to prove it, he stole another one from the cup. \"So how does it look out there?\" \"We covered three square miles. Contacted every house, let them know we're here and our doors are open. Those who didn't answer the doors, we left notes on their doors and question the neighbors.\" She glanced down at the clipboard. \"Sixty-three medical assistance, two serious, hundred-seventy-two hot meals served, fifteen families request refugee housing, another twenty-eight families can remain in their homes if we can keep them supplied with wood and water.\" She shrugged. \"And I was worried our winter stocks would go bad.\" \"Sounds like a full house.\" Buckaroo mumbled, rolling his newly acquired lollipop in his cheek. \"Yea, so, maybe you guys should get that solid food thing going before the wagons discover some new batch of half frozen nuggets to bring home.\" Mrs. Johnson waved her snatched lollipop at them before turning and heading back for the tent flap. \"Mrs. Johnson.\" Jersey called. \"Can you get Knuckles to dig out the med supplies she brought in. We should have them down here.\" \"Knuckles?\" She turned back. \"Knuckles isn't here.\" Jersey frowned. He looked down at his watch. \"You sure? She should have been here two hours ago… at least.\" But Mrs. Johnson shook her head. \"She didn't come through the front gate.\" Buckaroo scratched his head. \"Could be just held up, taking the road extra careful. I wouldn't worry just yet. Still… Mrs. Johnson, check with Perfect Tommy. If anyone knows anything he will.\" 808080 When her eyes opened, all she saw was white. It wasn't until she blinked a couple of times, her eyelashes sweeping away the snow, did she realize why. Knuckles tried to take a deep breath, but her lungs didn't seem to expand as far as they should.. Like something was pressing in on them. She could only take shallow breaths. Sit up. Sit up helps air into the lungs. That's what the EMT people always did. Yup. She needed to sit up. Carefully, she placed a hand on either side of her and started to push up. She cried out, falling back into the snow. Pain exploded across her back like a San Anna fire. It rushed down her legs, up across her shoulders, forcing them to constrict so tightly that, when the pain finally began its slow recoil, it left her muscles numb with exhaustion. Face laying in the snow again, her tears crystallizing on her lashes, Knuckles gasped for breath. \"Huh. Bitch ain't dead yet.\" A boot slammed into her ribs, pushing what little air she had out and renewing the pain's assault all over again. Knuckles would have screamed if there had been enough air in her lungs. Her world was falling into the blackness when a snarling bark sounded close by. Oddity! She had to get up. She had to protect Oddity. She had to…! \"God! Will that damn dog shut up?\" the man standing over her shouted. He started to move away, waving his hands in the air. \"How the hell did he get in there anyway?\" \"Oh, man, Charlie, I think she killed him.\" another voice wined. \"Koby… he ain't breathin', man.\" \"Shut up!\" snapped Charlie. \"You think I don't know he's dead? Well, guess what the fuck else? Sammy's bleeding to death! That mutt ripped his fuckin' throat out before you let him in the truck! Now they're dead, we can't get this bitch's load 'cause that damn dog locked himself in, and we got shit. Shit! A whole big damn, fuckin' pile of smokin' shit! You stupid ass, Jackie. I should shoot you myself.\" \"And where were you?\" was argued right back. \"So busy gettin' yourself some piece of ass, you ended up face first in the snow! Oh to our big, brave leader!\" Charlie shot him. Just up and shot him dead right then and there. \"That's ode, you dumb shit!\" he yelled, watching his punk buddy fall. Angrily, he paced, waving his gun in the air. Oddity pawed at the window of Knuckles' truck, trying to get out. He hadn't meant to get locked inside. He had jumped through the open door dodging bullets and one of the punks was smart enough to slam the door close, trapping him. Unfortunately for the bad guys, Oddity's pawing locked the door. And everything about the hummer was armored and/or bullet proof. And the trailer was just as tough to crack. \"Fuck!\" the remaining punk screamed, giving his victim another kick. This time Knuckles had had enough breath to cry out, renewing Oddity's frantic barks. Squeezing her eyes close, tears frozen to her cheeks, her fingers curling in the snow. Charlie grabbed her by the shoulder and rolled her over onto her back. Again she cried out as pain burned across her back, leaving her limbs shaking and numb. But the snow and ice beneath her seemed to cool it a little. He stood over her and kicked her legs apart. \"Yea, well, 'least I can get me a piece of ass. Not a total loss.\" He dropped to his knees between her legs and started to undo her belt and pants. Knuckles threw a weak punch at him, but only succeeded in tossing snow at him and making him even angrier. \"Bitch.\" he snarled. Grabbing her arm, he slammed it back against the ground with such force, the whip cracked her wrist. Letting it go, he slammed the back of his hand across her face, splitting her lip. Holding her down by the throat he leaned over her, pressing down on her air way. \"Scream, bitch. Go ahead and scream.\" he snarled, while his free hand tugged on her jeans. Knuckles smiled. Charlie frowned, lifting his head up a little. \"What the hell you smiling 'bout?\" \"That gun… your buddy… liked…\" she gasped. \"There… were two… of them.\" Charlie felt the jab of the barrel just under his rib cage. Knuckles didn't bother to wait for his reaction. She pulled the trigger. 808080 Rawhide stood, arms crossed over his chest and watched as the civilians were escorted about the compound. It was going well. It took several hours, but only a straggler here and there wandered in. The wagons that had been used to pick up people and bring them in were now loaded with wood, blankets, and supplies for those who were returning to their homes. Children were bouncing around and laughing with Peggy Banzai and Big Norse as the women lead them through the snow to the gardens where Ducky's and J.B.'s play set and little school house were. Some of the children wore oversize BB coats, given to them when they came in with either insufficient or wet clothing. The adults staying with their families were being organized in groups then lead off to one of the three dorms cleaned out for them. The two MASH tents were being resupplied and… \"Pinky.\" Rawhide spoke. \"Yup?\" the gate keeper answered. He stood at Rawhide's elbow, binoculars in hand, scanning any and every soul that stepped through his gate. \"I want 24/7 security on the tents.\" Rawhide told him. \"There shouldn't be anything stronger than lollipops in there, but I don't want anyone trying to find that out for themselves. And we have a medic down there 24 hours. He needs security, particularly if he does any house calls to the dorms.\" \"Got it, got it, got it.\" Pinky mumbled as he wrote instructions down on his palm before sending them to his team captains. \"Hey, if we're taking responsibility for the neighborhood, we should get some stations established outside the wall.\" \"Information, yes. Security, no.\" Pinky shook his head, not excepting that. \"Not everyone in town's all happy go lucky someone is around to help out folks. There's gonna be some have-nots going after the haves pretty soon.\" Rawhide turned to face him. \"Within these walls, it is our law. We have every right to enforce with whatever force we deem fit. Out there…\" He waved a hand at the gate and the world beyond. \"When the lights come back on, we have to be able to defend every action we take. And setting up security posts is just a little too apocalyptic of a step to take.\" He turned back to watch the civilians. \"Information posts, communication. We go out as a force only when called for help.\" Pinky still didn't like the answer. He understood it, just didn't like it. With a sigh, he nodded. \"Yes, sir.\" But then something new caught his eye. \"Did you hear anything about a hummer going out?\" he wondered. Every vehicle, horse drawn or otherwise, was supposed to pass by him first, coming and going. Frowning, Rawhide turned to see the hummer slowly making its way through the civilians, heading for the gate. \"No.\" he mumbled his answer before he started across the drive to meet it. He almost wasn't surprised to see who the occupants were. Reno was driving, Perfect Tommy sat shotgun, Pecos leaning between the front seats. \"What?\" Rawhide wondered, leaning through the window to give each of them that look. \"The usual Three Musketeers not avaible, you all dug up a new trio to mess up my day?\" \"Yes.\" Perfect Tommy answered with a completely straight face and without a breath of hesitation. Rawhide frowned all over again. Reno chuckled, leaving the answering to Pecos. \"Knuckles is over due. Over due enough that even Gage called to chew her out for not calling him sooner. She isn't answering her go-phone and her truck has been sitting in the same place for the last three hours.\" \"How far out is she?\" the cowboy wanted to know. \"Something like forty minutes.\" Perfect Tommy answered. He was twitching, obviously wanting to get going. He was worried. And, now, so was Rawhide. \"Okay… Perfect Tommy, climb in back. Pinky…\" \"Yup, I've got the home front.\" Pinky answered. \"But you kids stay in touch, you hear?\" With a huff, Pecos scooted over to make room for Tommy on the back seat. \"And here I thought Daddy was coming along for the ride.\" 808080 \"Mrs. Johnson!\" The woman looked up to see a tall man dressed all in black for the exception of a white collar calling to her from the first table. She recognized him at once as one of the neighborhood leaders. \"Father Gregory. It's good to see you. How's your flock?\" she greeted, turning to meet him. The priest nodded appreciatively. \"Once more, thanks to the kindness of the Banzai Institute, my flock is doing well.\" But then his expression turned to concern. \"But, another flock I am worried about. Do you know the Mosque on Harries street?\" \"Yea, um, couple of our interns attended services there, I think. They alright?\" Mrs. Johnson asked. Father Gregory hesitated. \"I'm not sure. When the power went out, we kept in touch, shared information. Both houses of worship were giving what sanctuary we could. But, I tried to contact them, let them know that you had opened your doors.\" He shook his head. \"There was no answer. I don't know if their batteries have died in the radio, or, God forbid, something worse has happened. Mrs. Johnson, last I heard, there were more than forty souls taking refuge in the Mosque.\" \"Anyone try to drive over, take a look?\" Again the Father shook his head. \"Ryan, St. Mary's gardener, took a truck this morning. I have not heard back from him. And I could not send anyone walking five miles in the frozen land.\" Mrs. Johnson sighed. \"Alright.\" she started, glancing around. \"I'll round up a crew and send them over with fresh batteries and supplies. Make contact. Make sure everyone is fine and dandy.\" \"Thank you, sweet sister. You and the Blue Blazes… Truly heaven sent…\" He offered her a little smile, adding \"If, occasionally, a little off path.\" ","Summary":" Blackout By The Chronicler Wind whistled through the night, twirling and dancing, rocking the trees"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"The Island","Author":"chronicler-of-knuckles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4890039","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Island By The Chronicler \"Not my fault! Not my fault! NOT MY FAULT!\" Peggy rolled her eyes. \"Who's next to tell him that we agree. Not his fault.\" she wondered, dropping down on the couch and looking pointedly at her husband. Buckaroo Banzai looked back. \"Reno's up there now. He needed an extra pair of hands to hold the propellers and, apparently, I accuse him with my glances.\" He turned back to the computer station Tommy Boy was working at. \"No, there is still no signal. No one's coming to the rescue as of yet.\" Tommy Boy answered before he could ask again. Pushing back in the chair she did her very best to smile up at him. \"Just so happens that the storm that forced us to land is, for those who have not looked outside, still there, blocking us from anything that could boost our signal enough to reach satellite.\" \"That's not my fault either!\" came a yell from up stairs where Perfect Tommy was struggling to fix the propellers. \"I can't control the weather! I'm perfect! Not a damn deity!\" Tommy Boy glanced sky ward. \"How long has he been up there?\" \"Too long.\" Peggy complained. Again she looked to her husband. \"Buckaroo….\" Buckaroo threw his hands in the air. \"It's his engine. He's the only engineer on this boat…' \"SHIP!\" came a snap from top side. \"The aurora is a ship! Not a boat!\" Slightly less yelled was \"Honestly, I don't know why I put up with…. I mean, come on already….\" With a groan, Buckaroo closed his eyes and rubbed the bridge of his nose. \"Any idea when Rawhide will be back?\" Tommy Boy sighed, wishing the big cowboy was handy just about then too. \"He's still out with Knuckles and Oddity. And, before you ask, Jersey and Pecos aren't back either. Though they did check in about thirty ago.\" Buckaroo waited about three seconds for her to continue, and, when she didn't… \"I'm assuming that, if they had found fresh water, you would have told me.\" Tommy Boy shook her finger at him. \"Now, that's why they say you're such a smart man.\" Buckaroo made as if he was going to smack her, but mumbled instead \"Smart ass.\" Turning away, he looked out the big front windows at the storming weather beating on the island outside. Three days. They had been trapped here for three days on this little, unmapped rock in the middle of the big, wide Atlantic. Forced down by fast, strong, unexpected winds, this little island nobody seemed to know about was practically a miracle. Unfortunately, nobody seemed to know about this damn little island. The storm hadn't let up a drop the entire three days, pounding them. Oh the Aurora could take a beating. She proved that. But, there was no recharging her solar batteries sitting under those damn black clouds. There was no recycling their water without power. They were supposed to have restocked down in Tanqui yesterday. The crew was making out, putting their unique skills to work in making sure they survived. Rawhide and Knuckles went out to scout the island and, hopefully, a little hunting in the process to extend their short stocks. Jersey and Pecos were also scouting, but focusing on drinking water. Tommy Boy was trying to boost their computer links so as to reach help. Penny and Mrs. Johnson were trying to keep the 'household\" up, whatever that meant ship wrecked on a little storm hit island. And Perfect Tommy was damning any and every island any god would create without a Napa Engine Parts store sitting in plain view. Oh, yea, he made it quite clear that just having a Napa wasn't good enough. He had to have it in plan view with a honking huge florescent arrow that extended so high in the sky that it had burn spots where planes had ran into it, pointing directly down at it, a grinning service man, with manual, holding the door open for him. Buckaroo honestly thought the kid was losing it. Skip losing! Lost! \"Damn.\" Buckaroo breathed, closing his eyes and dropping his head. Peggy came up behind him and rubbed her hand up and down his back. \"No worries.\" she encouraged softly. \"You have a good crew. A good ship. We'll be fine.' Her husband took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Of course she was right. He had a very good crew. And they had built him a very good ship. And no storm lasted forever. Tommy Boy huffed. \"After all, you are on vacation.\" she reminded them. Both Buckaroo and Peggy looked down at her. But, Buckaroo chuckled. \"Yea, well, we all know how my vacations go. Hell, I need a vacation from my vacations.\" Knuckles slowly raised her crossbow to her shoulder. Taking careful aim at her target, she paused, listening, smelling, feeling the very air. \"Easy, boy.\" Rawhide hushed Oddity who, in his opinion, made the much better hunter. Knuckles didn't need to look to know that the only thing holding her beloved pet back was the strong hand on his collar and the knowledge that he would greatly disappoint his mistress if he, again, chased away their meal. It must be agony for the over energetic dog to be held back from a much needed run. She could almost picture him: toung hanging out the side of his gaping blue eyed grin, ears twitching back and forth, muscles quivering with excitement. Smiling at the thought, Knuckles fingers slowly squeezed, pulling the trigger. With a twang, the steel hunting bolt shot forward, cutting through the air, and striking the boar just below and behind the ear, above the shoulder, piercing through the neck, the head of the deadly missile sticking out the far side. The animal took half a step, but, too far gone to make a run for it, toppled over. Kicking weekly, it tried to squeal, but only gurgled. \"Damn it.\" knuckles cussed. \"Missed the kill shot.\" Dropping her bow, she leaped out of her bushy hiding spot, drawing her belt knife as she closed on her prey. \"Kill it quick.\" Rawhide growled, not liking to see an animal suffer, even if he intended to eat it. He was struggling now to hold Oddity back as the dog barked wildly, very unhappy with the fact that his mistress was going after a wounded animal. \"That was my intention.\" Knuckles answered, though she knew he wouldn't hear her over the wind and rain. Jumping on the back of the struggling animal, she pinned it to the ground with her weight. One gloved hand grabbed the boar's muzzle from underneath, she pulled the head up and drove her knife down through the eye and straight into the brain. Her prey had no time to suffer, dying at once. Dropping the head back to the ground, she took a moment, laying her hand on its head, apologizing for her bad shot. \"You alright, girl?\" Rawhide wanted to know as he came up to stand over her. Knuckles nodded. \"Damn wind. I should have adjusted more for the wind. He shouldn't have had time to fear.\" Rawhide shrugged. \"You must 'ave missed the spine by a breath. No one could have made a better shot in this damnable weather.\" \"Bullshit.\" she growled back. But, one for action over thought, she started to clean her knife in the grass. \"Better get this critter back before the blood attracts something more on the predatory side, than the prey.\" She took a rope from her belt and began to tie its legs. \"You think we have something to worry about?\" Rawhide wondered. He had a guess, but he tended to specialize in human predators over animals. Knuckles huffed. \"If there wasn't something bigger, we'd have seen a hell of a lot more boar by now.\" she pointed out. \"Besides, look at Oddity. He knows something's out there.\" Rawhide glanced down at the dog he still had a firm hold on. Rather than watching his mistress, his big, blue eyes were scanning the trees, his ears working, his nose probing the wind. \"Wonderful.\" Rawhide grumbled. \"Alrighty, then.\" Handing cross bow and dog to Knuckles, the big man suggested \"What do you say we don't hang around here talking about it then?\" And he started to look around for a branch to carry their boar on. New Jersey wiped at his eyes, trying to clear them of the rain water. \"Doc, what'd I tell you about the hat?\" Pecos grumbled. Incase he didn't remember, she snatched it up and smacked him in the arm with it. \"You're wasting time.\" Jersey threw her a glare. \"I can't think with that thing on my head.\" \"Well, seeing as you're sticking a pin in some water and reading what it says, seeing seems a hell of a lot more important than thinking.\" she snapped. \"Besides, I'm not gonna deliver you back to Peggy sick as a dog. Put it on and keep it on!\" Grinding his teeth, he obliged, tightening the chin strap of the cowboy hat so the wind wouldn't carry it away. \"Seeing as I'm just taking water samples, I don't exactly see why I need an armed escort.\" he complained. \"That's 'cause you're a city boy.\" Pecos explained as she backed up, returning to her observation spot, her eyes carefully watching the small field they had found the little stream in. \"And you are less city, growing up in San Francisco?\" \"Nope.\" Pecos answered. \"But, growing up in the wilds of crazy, free thinking S.F., I'm more likely to shoot first and categorize later than you are.\" Jersey's eyes narrowed. Turning back to his work he couldn't help but point out \"Thus the endanger species act.\" Pecos smiled. Though she wouldn't let him know it, poking fun at the doctor had been her anchor to sanity the last three days. He was a good guy, tougher and smarter than he himself thought, even after all he had experienced with the Cavaliers. And he was a lot wittier than he thought of himself too. The doc had a rye humor that one would almost miss if one wasn't listening for it. Reno had pointed it out to her and her eyes practically popped right out of her head when she first caught on. Now, where ever the doc was, just seemed like cozy home. Even out here, drenched to the bone, searching for drinking water… \"Ha.\" Jersey suddenly barked. \"What?\" Pecos snapped out of her thoughts. He looked back and up at her. \"We're on a tiny rock in the middle of an ocean of water where it hasn't stopped raining for three days… you'd think it'd be easier to find some water, wouldn't you?!\" Pecos' shoulders slouched with disappointment. \"Ah, you have got to be kidding me!\" She waved a hand at the island around them. \"We're a couple of miles from the beach. How can we still be running into salt water?\" \"Well, for starters, we're a couple of miles from that beach.\" Jersey indicated the side of the island where the Aurora had landed. \"But we don't know how big the island is. We have no idea how close that beach is.\" he waved a hand off in the other direction. Coming to his feet and putting his little testing tools away in their plastic case, he pointed out \"but it isn't salt we're dealing with.\" \"It isn't?\" \"Arsenic. Probably seeping from the soil.\" He kicked at the stream. \"We drink this and we won't have to worry about getting air born again. Just who's gonna bury who first.\" Pecos sighed. \"Oh, well, if we don't have to worry about getting air born again…\" Shrugging, she glanced about. \"So, what now? Keep looking?\" New Jersey shook his head. \"We're not gonna find anything different.\" He tugged his rain slicker tighter around his throat. And shook his head again. \"Let's get back to the Aurora and dry out. Put our heads together. Do some brain storming.\" Pecos chuckled. \"Funny choice of words there, doc.\" Jersey looked at her, frowning. \"Huh?\" \"You know! Brain storming? We're in a storm?\" Pecos waved a hand in the air as she turned and started to lead the way back home. \"And think… they give you a gun.\" Jersey rolled his eyes as he followed. \"Not my fault.\" he whispered to himself. Reno groaned. \"No one is blaming you, Tommy.\" he tried just one more time. \"Yea? Well, I am!\" Perfect Tommy snapped before he could clamp his mouth shut. Reno's head came up to stare at him across the top of the propeller cap he was holding into place. \"What?\" Could he have really heard what he heard? Could perfect Perfect Tommy really be blaming his perfect self? Well, it was raining pretty hard, and he was wearing a hood. Perfect Tommy turned away and became obsessed with looking through the tool box for the tool he had already attached to the underside of the cap. Reno's eyes narrowed. Raising his voice, he asked again \"What did you say?\" But Tommy ignored him, choosing to curse at the tool box instead. \"Perfect Tommy!\" \"Augh! Why isn't anything working right!\" Perfect Tommy yelled at the top of his lungs. In a fit, he rose up suddenly and kicked the box, sending it crashing back, off the edge of the observation deck. With a loud crash and an explosion of tools, the box hit the ground three stories down. \"Perfect Tommy!\" Reno snapped. He started to release his hold on the cap to grab his friend before he followed the box off the edge, but, remembering he was the only thing holding five hours worth of work together, he stopped himself. \"Perfect Tommy! Calm down!\" \"Fuck calming down!\" Tommy snapped back. Seemingly unaware of the dangers of the slippery deck, he began to pace back and forth over the short eight feet length, waving his arms about wildly. \"What the hell else can go wrong?!\" \"Tommy, you're gonna fall!\" Reno was becoming increasingly alarmed. He shifted, trying to free a hand so he could grab his friend. \"Don't you get it?\" Tommy continued his tantrum. Ripping off his hood, he turned his face skyward. \"Even the damn earth has turned against us!\" Grinding his teeth, Reno made a decision: damn the propeller! \"Hey, Reno?\" Reno glanced up at the kid, startled by the sudden calmness in his tone. Wasn't sure what he liked less: the out of control raging, or the sudden, curios calm. \"yes, Tommy?\" he asked cautiously, ready to abandon the propellers with a leap to grab Tommy if need be. But Perfect Tommy wasn't stomping around any more. He was looking down at the ground where the tools had landed. \"Did we pack along a little blond girl no one told me 'bout?\" he wondered. \"What?\" Reno tried to stretch his neck, trying to see what Tommy was seeing. \"There's a kid down there.\" Tommy glanced back at him. \"A little girl with blond bunches of hair. Just looking' up at us.\" Reno sighed, dropping his chin to his chest. \"Perfect Tommy, would you throw a tantrum if I told you to go down stairs and get some sleep?\" Perfect Tommy spun about and headed for the hatch. \"She's really there!\" he insisted. \"Tommy, we're on a deserted island. Deserted! A.k.a. There's nobody there.\" Reno tried to assure. \"I'll be right back.\" the kid promised sliding down the ladder. \"Take your time.\" Reno hollered after. \"Get some sleep! Some warm food! A tranquilizer!\" he suggested. But then stopped, realizing that he was standing on the roof, in the storm, all alone, trapped by the propeller he was holding into place, waiting for someone to remember him. And the way this trip was going… Knuckles paused, rolling her shoulders. \"You doin' alright, girl?\" Rawhide asked from behind. \"Wanna take a break?\" he offered. The boar was hanging on a pole they carried between them on their shoulders. Being taller and stronger, Rawhide knew knuckles was taking the blunt of the hike. After an hour of caring this thing, he was beginning to be concerned that Knuckles refusal to admit defeat was gonna do her in. \"Did you see where Oddity went?\" she asked, her eyes scanning the jungle around them. Rawhide glanced around. \"I… wasn't looking.\" he admitted. \"Something wrong?\" Last he remembered, the dog had been wandering in and out of the bushes along side them. But, then again, Rawhide had lowered his head awhile back, concentrating on just keeping upright. The jungle of the island had left the ground a treacherous hike with roots and sink holes and spider nests hidden under every other twig and leaf. That, added to the wind and the constant rain… Well, he had been just a little distracted to keep an eye on the dog. Knuckles didn't answer right away, her concentration on their environment. She was a hunter practically from birth, instincts honed in the wilderness, learning to track, hunt, survive. Every instinct learned in those days were instantly alert, and she couldn't quite put her finger on the reason. Like waking up in the middle of the night and not knowing what had woken her. But then the wind stopped. Not just ease nor die out. It suddenly and utterly stopped. Taking with it was nearly all other signs of life: the bids, shifting of branches, squeals of the occasional unseen animal… The only sound was the large rain drops hitting the big leaves all around. \"Drop the pig!\" Knuckles suddenly ordered, already dropping her end as she reached for her crossbow. Rawhide did as he was told, letting the catch drop to the ground. Spinning about for any sign of danger, he pulled open his coat so he could reach the pistol nested in his shoulder holster, protected from the rain. \"What is it?\" he wanted to know. \"You tell me.\" Knuckles answered, pointing her crossbow ahead of them. Following her aim, Rawhide saw something he would never have expected. Peeking out from behind a tree was a small, blue eyed, blond little boy. He couldn't have been more than six or so. Big eyes blinked at them, curiously, his little hands blending in with the white of the tree bark. His bangs hung wet and matted over his eyes and ears. Seeing that he had their attention, he carefully stepped out into full view revealing his bare little chest and ragged dark gray shorts. His feet were bare, but the sharp sticks and natural debris didn't seem to bother him any. \"Where the hell did he come from?\" Rawhide wondered. Then he looked at Knuckles. \"And why the hell are you aiming a weapon at him?\" \"You explain him and I'll lower my bow.\" Knuckles challenged. \"Knuckles!\" Rawhide growled, stepping pass her. Dropping to one knee a few feet away from the boy, he held his hand out to him. \"Hello there, young fella.\" he greeted gently. \"Do you understand me?\" The boy tilted his head to one side and just looked at him. Rawhide sighed. \"Knuckles? Wanna try a little French.\" \"No.\" she growled. \"I wanna shoot first, ask questions later.\" The man turned part way to glare up at her. \"Blond kid in this region. Maybe a throw back from the old colonists.\" he pointed out before turning back to see the reaction. Grinding her teeth, Knuckles let her crossbow drop. \"Je suis content de vous voir.\" she offered. \"Veux-tu un Franci?\" Again the boy said nothing. Knuckles shrugged. Rawhide pushed back his stetson and looked back at Knuckles again. \"Anything native?\" \"Native?\" Knuckles waved a hand at the dead boar. \"I could oink at…. Rawhide!\" Her bow came up again. There was a sharp tug at Rawhide's coat sleeve, turning the man around again to the child. Shocked, he stared down at the bone handled knife that the boy was using to dig through the thick padding of the sleeve in search of something more beneath the layers. \"Hey!\" Rawhide jerked away, his reaction unintentionally jabbing up against the blade. \"Ow!\" he snapped as he scrambled back. Knuckles quickly stepped forward, putting herself between him and his little attacker. \"Can I shoot him now?\" she wanted to know, done with trying to talk to the little brat. \"He's just a kid!\" Rawhide protested. Despite the pain of his wound, he still tried to reason what had happened. \"We scared him. How would you feel if big, weird strangers came up to you and started talking gibberish.\" \"Ask to be adopted. How do you think I got from India to America?\" But even Knuckles' sense of violence wasn't prepared for what the child did next. Looking at the blood on the tip of his knife, he held it up, over his lips. His toung flicked out, tasting the warm, red liquid. Smacking his lips, apparently agreeing with the taste, he looked at them again. Grinning, he revealed blood stained teeth, before taking a meaningful step toward them. \"I never did that!\" Knuckles pointed out franticly. \"Never, ever, even as an angry little brat, did I ever do that!\" Rawhide scrambled to his feet. \"Son of a…\" The boy lunged forward, stabbing at Knuckles. Despite her threats, Knuckles hesitated at shooting a child, instead using the bow to block the blade. With a snarl, Oddity leaped out from the under brush, grabbing the boy's knife hand in his mouth and dragging him down to the ground. The child cried out in start and pain as the dog shook his little hand until the knife was dropped. \"Oddity! Release!\" Knuckles quickly ordered, rushing in to scoop up the weapon. Instantly Oddity bounced back, retreating to his mistress' side, where he received an ear scratch as an award. The little boy held his bruised and twisted wrist against his chest, his glaring blue eyes locked on the three as he slowly sat up. \"No blood.\" Rawhide observed, a little startled that, after the sudden attack and vicious sounds, Oddity hadn't left a dead hand hanging only by tendons. \"'Course.\" Knuckles grinned at him. \"Oddity's better than that. He would never hurt a kid.\" she assured again scratching her pet's ears. \"No blood.\" Rawhide repeated. \"Means I'm not gonna feel bad if we step around him and get back.\" Both he and Knuckles slowly backed up, keeping their eyes on the boy, until they reached the boar. Leaving Oddity to keep watch, the two crouched down to pick up the kill again. But, when their attention turned back, the child was gone. The wind was blowing again, even harder than before, the natural sounds of the island returning. \"Son of a bitch.\" Rawhide growled, glancing about quickly. \"Back to the boat, and be fast about it.\" he encouraged, moving his pistol from the holster to his belt where it was easier to get to. \"Yea, like that needs to be said twice.\" Knuckles was already moving, calling to Oddity, keeping him close by. New Jersey pushed the hat off his head and raised his face to the rain. \"Did it get quiet all of a sudden?\" he asked. Pecos stopped where she was leading the way several feet ahead. \"Huh?\" \"It's quiet.\" Jersey pointed out. \"The wind stopped. The bugs went away.\" Pecos tilted her head to one side, listening. \"Well, the rain is still coming down. And we're still getting wet. So?\" She jerked her head back towards the path they were following back to the landing site. Not waiting if to see if he understood, she turned and started again. Only to stop suddenly with a startled yelp. Right in front of her, nearly tripping the Cavalier, was a small, blond, green eyed girl. \"Holy crap, where did you come from?\" Pecos gasped, hopping back. She blinked up at the woman, a one sided smile creasing her young, baby fat cheeks. Her long, matted hair laid over her shoulders, dripping rain water down the front of her dirty and torn silk slip. She reached a hand out, her little white fingers grasping as if desperate for human touch. Pecos couldn't help but smile down at the child. Despite the dirt, rags, and matted hair, she was really quite a sweet looking little girl. Out here, all alone, exposed to the elements and dangers of this desolate island… Even if she wasn't a parent, Pecos' motherly instincts kicked in, over riding any possible caution raised at finding such a sweet innocent thing out here, so far from any known civilization. She reached out and took the offered little hand, asking \"Hey, there, sweety. What are you doing way out here? Where's your mommy?\" The little girl grinned up at her, revealing a mouth full of sharp, blood stained teeth. Pecos frowned. \"huh.\" was her observation. She looked back at the doctor. \"Hey, Jersey, what languages do you….\" her sentence ended in a cry as little teeth buried themselves into the meaty part of her hand where her thumb joined the rest of the fingers. Spinning back, she tried to yank her hand away, but the girl had both of her hands wrapped tightly around her wrist, her teeth chewing at her hand. Pecos wasn't sure if it was the wound or the action that stopped her heart. That sweet, innocent, little girl was trying to eat her hand. \"Get off of her!\" Jersey yelled, grabbing Pecos' arm with one hand, and slapping the child away with the other. Pecos cried out again as the child was slammed off, a chunk of her hand still being munched on in her teeth. Jersey quickly spun about, dragging Pecos behind him, before turning to face the girl. But the wind hit him hard, momentarily blinding him. When he was able to blink clear his eyes, all he saw in front of him was an empty path. \"Shit!\" Pecos hissed, clutching her hand to her chest, blood running down her wrist and staining the front of her coat. \"Shit, shit!\" One more look around, assuring himself that their attacker was, indeed, gone, Jersey quickly turned his attention to his wounded partner. Pulling his scarf out from around his neck, he took her hand and inspected it. \"There's some damage here.\" he mumbled. \"And you took how many years of medical school to tell that?\" Pecos growled. \"What the hell did she bite me for?\" she wanted to know. Jersey wrapped the scarf around her hand. \"You're gonna need stitches.\" he told her. \"Sidney.\" Pecos called to him, her voice tense with fear. When the doctor looked up at her, she asked again \"Why'd she bite me?\" Jersey licked his lips. \"She was chewing.\" he explained what little of the girl he had seen. \"I think she was hungry.\" Pecos eyes went big. She opened her mouth as if to say something, but she couldn't find the words to express what she felt about that answer. \"Can you walk? Are you at all dizzy?\" Jersey quickly asked as he drew his pistol and checked to make sure it was loaded. \"Walk?\" Pecos huffed. \"Jersey, I'm running back to the damn ship.\" Tommy Boy glanced up sharply from the computer when she heard the loud stomp as Perfect Tommy landed after skipping over the last three steps. \"Perfect Tommy!\" Peggy cried as he nearly ran her over as he hurried pass the kitchen. \"No running in the house… boat!\" she reprimanded him. \"Yea\" Tommy called back over his shoulder without slowing one little bit. \"Sure. Sorry.\" \"Everything alright?\" Buckaroo asked as he came in from the bridge to investigate the racket. \"There's a kid out there!\" Perfect Tommy practically shouted at him as he skidded pass and jumped down the spiral that lead to the bottom floor of the Aurora. \"A kid? Perfect Tommy, what are… Tommy!\" Buckaroo called after him, but he was already gone. With a sigh, he turned to Tommy Boy. \"A kid?\" Tommy Boy shook her head. \"Nothing. The systems picked up nothing but a little wildlife when we came over.\" She shrugged. \"Then again, the storm knocked out most of everything.\" \"Like Perfect Tommy's brain.\" Mrs. Johnson complained from where she sat at the dining table. She leaned back so she could look out the window. \"I mean, he's running around out in the rain looking for a kid on a deserted island. If he ever had it, he sure as hell lost it now.\" \"Buckaroo, he needs some sleep.\" Peggy put in. \"If you have to go and slap him along the back of the head and drag him back in, you do it!\" The doctor sighed, reaching up and rubbing the bridge of his nose. \"Peggy, do me a favor? Go to the infirmary and get me a syringe with two CC's of benzodiazepines.\" he said, grabbing his coat off the rack and swinging it over his shoulders. Peggy nodded once, then turned and hurried down the hall to the infirmary. \"Tommy Boy, you wanna see what sort of position he left Reno in on the roof?\" Buckaroo zipped up his coat and started off to retrieve his youngest Cavalier. Tommy Boy grabbed her own coat and started for the stairs when Mrs. Johnson asked her \"Is Buckaroo really gonna dope Tommy up?\" Tommy Boy shook her head. \"Not doped. Mild sedative.\" she pointed out. \"And only as a last resort. You know how that kid gets when things go wrong. If someone doesn't stop him, he'll run himself to death.\" \"Well, yea, but do we have to dope him up?\" the girl wanted to know. \"I mean…. he doesn't like drugs.\" Tommy Boy took a deep breath and was about to explain the differences between a sedative and `dope' when a beep drew her attention back to the comm. station she had just left. Returning, she hit a key. \"Rawhide.\" she mumbled, reading the screen. She frowned. \"And Jersey?\" They were both calling in at the same time? \"Tommy,\" Buckaroo tried to reason with him. \"There's no one here. It's a deserted island. A little bump in the ocean.\" But Perfect Tommy was too busy walking the edge of the trees, beating the bushes, searching. Buckaroo ground his teeth. \"Perfect Tommy, get your butt back inside!\" he felt himself snap. Finally, the boy stopped. Frowning, he turned his head to look at him. Buckaroo winced. He didn't often lose patients, but the last few days was wearing him down. All he wanted to do was get the kid inside, tied down in bed where he wouldn't have to worry about him for a few hours. If he could do just that, only that, then he could cross one thing off the \"Let's Give Banzai an Ulcer\" list. For crying out loud, they practically kidnapped him to give him a stress free vacation! Hell, at least the wind had died away. He could cross that one off. Taking a deep breath, Buckaroo tried again. \"Look, Tommy, you haven't slept in a few days. You've barely eaten. You've been working hard out in this miserable weather.\" \"I'm not crazy.\" Tommy insisted. \"I saw her.\" The doctor tilted his head to one side. \"Before or after you threw a few thousand dollars worth of tools off the roof?\" He waved a hand at the scattered tools still laying in the mud and storm blown muck. \"You do know what Rawhide's gonna do when he hears about this, right?… Tommy?\" Perfect Tommy wasn't looking at him. He was looking pass him. \"Hey, Bucky, ol' man, if'n I'm crazy, tell me there ain't a kid standin' right on over there.\" he suggested, pointing. Frowning, Buckaroo turned to look. \"Son of a bitch.\" he breathed in disbelief. There, true to crazy mutterings and chattering insistence, was a little, blond, blue eyed girl, maybe eleven, twelve years old. She was barefoot, wearing only a worn and tattered, white slip. One little hand tugged on the end of a matted strain of hair, the other was tucked up behind her, out of sight. She smiled a sweet, innocent smile at them, blinking her pretty eyes. \"Buckaroo Banzai!\" Perfect Tommy cried. \"Watch your language!\" he reprimanded with a grin. Buckaroo glanced back at him sharply. \"Why didn't you tell us about her?\" he demanded, quite satisfied with himself when Tommy's jaw dropped. Damn it all, he was gonna enjoy his vacation! Turning his attention back to the girl, he tilted his head to one side and said as kindly as he could \"Well, hello, there. And just where did you come from?\" Seemingly imitating him, she tilted her head to one side. Buckaroo smiled. He took a tentative step toward her. When she didn't seem frightened, he took another step. \"My names Buckaroo. Do you have a name?\" She said nothing, \"Como se chama?\" Buckaroo tried some Portuguese, the language spoken in Brazil, the biggest and closest of countries. When that didn't work, Perfect Tommy offered a French try. \"Veux-tu un Franci?\" She tilted her head to the other side, but still did not answer. Buckaroo bit his lip in thought. \"Well, she isn't afraid of us.\" he observed. He took another step toward her, but an unmistakable click from behind stopped him. Glancing back, he saw Tommy Boy standing in the hatch of the Aurora, her gun drawn and aimed at the child. \"Tommy Boy?\" \"Just come on back away from her, Buckaroo.\" Tommy Boy ordered. \"What the hell…?\" Perfect Tommy demanded. \"You gonna shoot a kid? For what?\" But Tommy Boy ignored him. Stepping out of the hatch, she came forward, reaching out with her free hand to take Buckaroo's arm. \"Back into the Aurora. Both of you.\" she ordered. \"I'll fill you in once the hatch is secured and….\" The child suddenly dropped into a crotch with a hiss, her hand coming out from behind her, revealing a rough looking knife with a rugged and chipped blade. Tommy Boy yanked Buckaroo back just as the girl struck, her blade sinking hilt deep in the ground where the doctor's foot had been. \"Holy crap!\" Perfect Tommy cried. \"Inside! Now!\" Tommy Boy shouted, putting herself between Buckaroo and his small attacker. A small hand grabbed Perfect Tommy's hand. The Cavalier looked down into a pair of clear blue eyes. Despite what he had just seen from the first child, he just couldn't muster alarm at seeing yet another odd little child holding onto his hand as if he might be walking him to school. But, then, the little boy grinned, revealing his sharp, blood stained teeth. \"Woe!\" Perfect Tommy started to jerk away. But the boy grabbed his hand with both of his and held on while digging his heals in. \"Hey! Let go!\" At his cry, Tommy Boy spun about, looking for her friend. The little girl yanked her knife out again, shaking the dirt off. Hissing again, she lunged, this time at Tommy Boy, slashing her weapon across the back of the woman's leg. \"Aw!\" she cried as the jagged blade ripped open the back of her leg, cutting through skin and muscle \"Tommy Boy!\" Buckaroo leaped forward, catching her before she fell and hauling her away from the attack and back towards the hatch. Perfect Tommy was still struggling with the boy who absolutely refused to release his hold on the Cavalier. \"Get off, you little brat!\" Tommy snapped, shaking his arm, trying to figure out how to free himself without hurting the kid. But the boy just grinned. He turned his little blond head to look at yet another boy, a little bigger, a little older, and armed with a knife, who was approaching the scene. \"Well, shit!\" Perfect Tommy groaned. One more time the girl lunged, but, with a wounded Cavalier in his arms, Buckaroo had had enough. Kid or no kid. When she came, her knife held high over her head, aiming at Tommy Boy's back, Buckaroo turned and kicked, hitting the little girl in the hip, spinning her about and dropping her to the ground. Recovering some, Tommy Boy, grabbed the edge of the hatch, holding herself upright and freeing Buckaroo to fight. \"Perfect Tommy, get inside!\" she yelled. \"Love to!\" Tommy admitted. He raised a hand to smack the boy away, but, stopped. He just couldn't quite bring himself to hit a kid. He couldn't hit a kid. Not a kid. Not like his dad… Knuckles on the other hand…. Coming out of the trees like the wild cat Tommy always teased her about being, she attacked the kid with the knife first, grabbing his wrist and swinging about with enough force, that she yanked him off his feet. With little effort, she shoved him in one direction, tossing the knife in the other. Then Knuckles turned on the other boy. Whether seeing her as the bigger threat or the greater prize, the boy released his hold on Tommy so suddenly that the Cavalier was sent stumbling back, tripping on a fallen wrench, and landing on his back side in the mud. The little boy crouched, hissing at the girl. \"Ah, shut up!\" Knuckles hissed right back, taking a menacing step towards him. Behind her, the knife wielding boy crawled toward his fallen weapon. Close behind his mistress, Oddity leaped onto the scene, coming to stand over the knife, his head down, the fur down his back ruffling, his lips curling up in a low, dangerous snarl. Baring his teeth, the first boy lunged at Knuckles. The bounty hunter stepped aside, letting the boy's leap carry him pass to crash on the ground, belly down. Spinning about, she placed her foot in the small of his little back, pinning him to the ground. Then she threw Perfect Tommy a glare. \"You couldn't do that?\" she demanded. \"Hey, I don't hit kids!\" Perfect Tommy shrugged, adding \"You'll hit anything.\" Again, the little girl wrapped her fingers around her knife. But, before she could lift it, a big boot stomped down on it, snapping the blade in two. Startled, she looked up to see Rawhide standing over her. Seeing yet another Cavalier, she bared her blood stained teeth and snarled. He tilted his head to one side and smiled. \"Well, howdy-doody to you too.\" he responded. \"Now get! 'Fore I turn you over my knee!\" he yelled. The girl glanced back at her original targets, glanced at Rawhide, then, without another hiss, scrambled back and away. As soon as she was out of reach, she jumped to her feet and ran, disappearing into the trees. A bark drew their attention to Oddity who, with a mixture of nips, snarls, and barks, chased the boys back into the trees. \"Oddity!\" Knuckles called after him as she stepped over to offer her hand down to Tommy. \"Come on back here, boy.\" But her command was lost in a powerful burst of wind, seemingly the vanguard of the storm. The sudden wind was nearly too much for the wounded Tommy Boy as she balanced on one leg, her wounded one held up. But both Rawhide and Buckaroo grabbed an arm each, offering their support. \"I'm alright.\" she assured the men. \"Yea, sure. See that from the pool of blood forming under your boot.\" Rawhide growled, holding her upright. Buckaroo looked at the two. \"Anyone wanna tell me just what the hell is going on? Did we just get attacked by a couple of kids? On a supposedly deserted island?\" he wanted to know. Tommy Boy smiled slightly. \"Well, yea, that about sums it up.\" she answered, before looking up at Rawhide. \"Jersey and Pecos.\" Rawhide nodded. \"Get inside.\" he ordered the two. Then looked about. \"Knuckles? Perfect Tommy? Two of you alright?\" \"Yea.\" Knuckles answered right off. But Perfect Tommy was in torment. \"My pants!\" he cried, turning in circles, trying to get a good look at the mud on the back of his slacks. \"This is the finest weave France had! Royalty doesn't get their robes cut from the same cloth! Can you believe…\" \"Are you bleeding on them?\" Rawhide demanded. Perfect Tommy stopped, a little startled at the tone. But, he had to admit… \"No….\" \"Then I don't want to hear it!\" the big cowboy snapped. \"Saddle up, boys and girls. We still have two Cavaliers out there. Tommy Boy, where are they coming in from?\" Bracing herself against Buckaroo, she answered \"Coordinates are on your go-phone. They're coming in from the east and south about two miles out.\" \"Knuckles…\" \"We'll bring them in.\" Knuckles assured, grabbing Perfect Tommy's arm and dragging him after her while ordering \"Oddity, stay put, boy. Stay home!\" With a bark of protest, the dog laid on the ground right where he was and, reluctantly, watched his girl hurry off. \"Rawhide?\" Buckaroo started. \"What's going on?\" \"Inside.\" Rawhide ordered again. \"Baton down the hatches, seal up the house. Nothing and no one gets in.\" Buckaroo frowned at not getting an answer, but, he knew and trusted Rawhide. And the cowboy just didn't say anything unless it needed to be done. An explanation would come soon enough. Rawhide waited until the two were inside before backing into the ship, his eyes scanning the tree line. \"Oddity, come on, boy.\" he finally called. Oddity gave a last wine of protest, then spun about and ran pass the big man's legs and inside. And Rawhide shut the hatch, sliding the steel bolt into place. \"Jersey.\" Pecos groaned, leaning back against a tree and closing her eyes. Jersey stopped, looking back at her. He didn't like what he saw. She was pale, sweat rolling down her neck. The rain had soaked her through and through, and the wind, despite it's tropical warmth, seemed to send shivers through her body with every labored breath. Her wounded hand was still wrapped in his scarf and tucked into her coat, but the arm itself seemed to be limp. Quickly the doctor stepped back to her. Tucking his pistol back into its holster, he wrapped an arm around her waist, bracing his other hand against the tree behind her. As her head rolled forward, dropping against his chest, she actually chuckled. \"Hey, there, doc. I got me a man already.\" she joked weakly. Ignoring her comment, Jersey carefully lowered her to the ground. Snatching his canteen from his belt, he held it to her lips. \"Drink.\" he ordered. All she managed was to sip, but it was enough, the cool liquid rushing down to, if not put out, at least cool the burning flames of her insides. With a sigh, she let her head fall back against the tree, closing her eyes again. \"Thanks..\" Frowning, Jersey set the canteen beside her, making sure she could reach it with her good hand. \"Let me see.\" he encouraged, carefully opening her coat and pulling the wounded hand out. Pecos squeezed her eyes tighter, the only sign that she was even aware of what he was doing. Fact was, her hand, arm shoulder…. All hurt like hell. She could feel the blood squeezing through her veins as if they were suddenly too thin and her pounding heart was suddenly pushing too much through. Her joints throbbed. Her skin burned. Her fingers felt as if they were being sucked outside-in into her hand. Hell, she wasn't even sure if she still had fingers on that hand. \"Ah, damn.\" Jersey breathed, laying her hand on the scarf for inspection. Again, Pecos chuckled. \"Gotta love your bedside manner, doc.\" New Jersey looked up at her, this time smiling slightly at her attempt to lighten the situation. \"Sorry.\" he offered. But looking down at the swollen hand, it was sheer will that kept him from cursing again. The hand was beet red, the veins down the palm of her hand a deathly white color. The bite no longer bled, but the edges seeped a clear, glistening ooze. The edges of the wound were turned up slightly, the skin already dead, the exposed muscle graying. Jersey had seen a lot of infected wounds in his day, even helped amputated a limb here and there when the infection had gone too far. But this was too fast, too horrific… \"Hey, Sid?\" The doctor looked up at her again. This time her eyes were open and she was watching him. \"Whoever told you no news was good news didn't know shit.\" she let him know. Jersey sighed. \"Well, the only good news here is that we're almost home.\" \"Home.\" Pecos breathed, her eyes closing again, her head leaning back. \"Curling up with Reno in the Bunk House, Mrs. J. bringing in her freshest batch of cinnamon rolls. PT and Billy arguing over who was cheating more on their video games. Rawhide doing paper work. Buckaroo writing another genius medical article.\" \"Pecos.\" Jersey called to her. \"I meant the Aurora. We're still a bit of a ways off from the Institute.\" he reminded her. \"Hmmm?\" was her sleep blurred mummer. \"Pecos!\" Jersey suddenly snapped. Laying her hand down, he cupped her face. \"Pecos! Don't sleep!\" he commanded, slapping her gently. Groaning, the girl's eyes fluttered open, and she warned him \"You hit me again and I'm gonna…\" \"Do whatever you wish. But stay awake!\" Jersey repeated. Letting her face go, he tossed the scarf aside. Opening his coat, he ripped off the bottom of his shirt and wrapped the new bandage around her wound. \"Hey.\" Pecos protested weekly. \"Isn't that the shirt Perfect Tommy gave you? He's gonna have a stroke.\" Jersey shrugged, gently tucking the hand back into her coat, tucking the material in around her. \"I never could pull off that polished look.\" He moved to take her good arm to help her to her feet again. But Pecos' arm jerked away. Grabbing the canteen, she threw it over his shoulder, shouting \"Get out of here!\" Rising up and spinning about, Jersey caught sight of a little blond boy peeking at them from behind a tree. His little arms were hugging the tree, a knife clutched in one hand. His blood stained grin shined out at them. \"Jersey.\" Pecos gasped, her voice cracking. \"Careful.\" But, before either of them could even consider a defense, a hand slapped the boy in the back of the head, bouncing his forehead off the tree and leaving him to fall to the ground, stunned. Knuckles snatched the fallen knife up, tossing it to Perfect Tommy as he hurried pass to join Jersey and Pecos. \"If there was `ever' a case for child abuse…\" she growled at the boy as he blinked up at her. After shaking his head, he looked up at her and bared his teeth in an animistic snarl. He grabbed at her ankle, rolling toward it in an attempt to get his teeth close enough to bite. \"Hey, you little cannibal!\" Knuckles kicked him away. \"Keep your freakin' teeth to yourself!\" Rolling up into a crouch, he glared up at her with such rage that, when the wind returned in a rush, Knuckles actually thought it was from him. But he was gone and, again, the Cavaliers were left, mysteriously alone. \"Damn, I hate it when they do that.\" Knuckles admitted, scanning the trees, searching for any sign of the hungry children. \"What? You preferred he hung around?\" Perfect Tommy huffed as he crouched down beside Pecos. Wasting all her remaining strength on warning Jersey, Pecos was barely conscious, her head slumped forward, legs and good arm laid out about her. \"I rather an enemy I can see over one I can't keep track of.\" Knuckles answered. She took up a protective stance over the small party, her crossbow out and at the ready. Perfect Tommy pulled off his slicker and wrapped it around Pecos shoulders. \"What's wrong with her?\" he wanted to know. Jersey crouched down again. \"She was bitten. Some sort of infection has set in.\" He helped snap up the slicker around the girl. \"They must have a hell of a bug here abouts.\" Tommy observed. \"It wasn't a bug.\" Jersey explained. \"It was a little girl.\" Both Knuckles and Perfect Tommy looked at him sharply. Then they looked at each other. \"Fuck this.\" Knuckles growled. \"Still can't hit a kid?\" she asked Tommy. Perfect Tommy took a deep breath. \"Jersey, you lead, gun out. Knuckles, you take the rear. Shoot anything knee high and blond.\" he ordered before sliding his arms under Pecos. With Jersey's hand on his elbow to steady him, he stood, lifting Pecos up into his arms. Nothing more needing to be said, the four started out again, wanting only to get back to the Aurora, out of the rain and wind, and off this god forsaken island. Perfect Tommy was happy to hand his package off to Buckaroo, who, with Jersey close behind, hurried Pecos to the infirmary. \"You alright?\" Rawhide wanted to know, reaching out to proudly rub the young Cavalier's shoulder. He knew the boy must have carried his friend at least a mile or more. A hell of a hike alone, but with the tensions of possibly being followed and attacked at any minute, forcing himself faster and faster the worse Pecos got. Perfect Tommy glanced up at him with bright blue eyes and he offered a slight smile. \"I'd jus' like to make it all official that none of this, not one little rain drop, was my fault.\" Rawhide couldn't help but smile. \"Wise ass.\" he growled, sending him off to Mrs. Johnson's care with a gentle shove. Knuckles came in last, her cross bow still held at the ready. Not even glancing at the big cowboy, she headed right to the front windows and peered out, her sharp eyes taking in every detail of the surrounding area. Rawhide followed her. \"Reno's in the crow's nest, keeping watch. You should get some sleep.\" he advised. Knuckles shook her head. \"I'll take watch. The boys need to get this buggy air born.\" Rawhide sighed. \"Not going to happen in this wind.\" he answered. \"We're all locked up. Safe and sound. We can wait this out.\" Knuckles looked up at him, her eyes narrowing. \"Can you kill a kid?\" she asked right out. Rawhide met her eyes but found he couldn't answer right off. It was too big of a question. Too evil of a question. One, he had been hoping, he would not have needed to answer. The little bounty hunter tilted her head toward the outside. \"If we stay here, you're gonna have to.\" she warned. \"Coming in, I spotted tracks that weren't there on our way out. Straight line to mask their numbers, but enough that their prints made a deep impression before their rear guard covered it with debris.\" Rawhide lifted his chin slightly. \"This sounds like more grown up behavior. Their elders finally decided to make an appearance?\" But Knuckles shook her head. \"They were all small, children's feet, all bare. Rawhide, there were fifty plus, maybe even a hundred. And they were organized, focused, and taking a walk right out there.\" She pointed, indicating the tree line only a hundred yards from where the Aurora sat. \"Tommy Boy is down to one leg. Pecos might be dying. And you have a cut up arm. And that was, what, three, four of them? Coming at us individually?\" She looked out again. \"If we don't get air born and now, then we sure as hell better be ready to kill those kids.\" That said, she pushed away and headed for the armory. Mrs. Johnson quickly chased after with a steaming cup of something or other and a towel, complaining about the muddy foot prints Knuckles' steel toed boots were leaving on her clean floor. \"Easy.\" Peggy directed as she helped guide Buckaroo as he lowered Pecos down on to the bed. \"She's soaked through, Buckaroo.\" she breathed, brushing the black bangs away from the girl's face. \"I know.\" Buckaroo answered as he shook off his own now wet jacket, before bending over the bed and starting on the buttons of the slicker wrapped around Pecos. He paused to lay the back of his hand over her forehead. \"She's burning up and freezing all at the same time.\" \"Watch her hand.\" Jersey warned as he hurried into the infirmary. Seeing that the Banzai's were getting her out of the wet clothes, he turned his attention to getting the medical supplies needed to care for Pecos' wound. \"Sid, you're wet.\" Buckaroo pointed out as he slipped Pecos' limp arms out of her shirt, tossing the clothing into a hamper in the corner. Jersey paused just long enough to wiggle out of his coat and toss it after the shirt, before returning to his work. \"What happened?\" Peggy wanted to know, gently laying the wounded hand on a pillow and stepping back so that her husband could get a closer look at the wound. \"Some sort of infection.\" Jersey was mumbling. He picked a saline bottle and a silver bowl and brought them to the bed. \"I think the child that bit her had some sort of venomous saliva…\" \"Venomous?\" Peggy repeated in disbelief. \"We're talking about children here. Human children!\" Buckaroo nodded. \"There are some reptiles… Their saliva isn't venomous, but so loaded with bacteria that their spit is deadlier than their bite.\" \"Children!\" Peggy insisted. \"Human! Children!\" Jersey poured the saline into the bowl and passed it across the bed to Buckaroo, who was unwrapping the wounded hand. \"Could be a condition. A disease that the children have adapted to. This could be a… a…\" \"Plague island.\" Peggy supplied. As if an after thought, her hand came up to her throat., here eyes going big. Buckaroo glanced up sharply at his wife, then back at Jersey. Plague opened up a whole can of bad worms. Jersey stared at him for a moment, then quickly said \"Buckaroo, you and Peggy…. You need to leave the room.\" He reached across to take the bowl back. \"Get out, shut the door, and wait 'til I've figured this out.\" \"Sid…\" Buckaroo shook his head. \"If it is some sort of plague, I've already been exposed. You and Peggy…. You could still be safe, still clean…\" \"Sid, we're all exposed!\" Buckaroo cut him off. \"Perfect Tommy carried her home. Peggy and I took off her clothing. I've handled the bandages.\" \"But there's a chance….\" Peggy took up her husband's argument. \"Both Tommy Boy and Rawhide have been cut. That's certainly exposure.\" \"Besides, who's going to look after Pecos while you're getting some dry clothes?\" Buckaroo took the bowl back.. \"I'm fine.\" Jersey protested. \"You're soaked through.\" Peggy grabbed his arm and started to drag him toward the door. \"Go dry off. We're not going anywhere.\" she assured, practically pushing him through the door. Knowing there was no fighting the united front of the Banzais, Jersey finally nodded. \"Yea… alright…. Draw some blood. I'll be right back to take it to the lab.\" he said over his shoulder as he down the hall. \"You too, Peggy.\" Buckaroo encouraged. Peggy threw him a glare. \"I'm not wet.\" \"But, limited exposure…\" \"You'll lose that fight quicker than Sid.\" she warned him, stepping over to the supply cabinet and picking out a syringe. \"You take care of the hand. I'll draw the blood.\" It took Buckaroo Banzai two breaths to consider continuing the argument and to dismiss it. She, as always, had already won. Just a waste of time… by the looks of Pecos, valuable time. Tommy Boy practically caught Reno as he jumped down from the ceiling hatch. Slamming back against the wall, she couldn't help but put weight down on her wounded leg. \"Ow! Damn it!\" she cursed, her leg giving way under her. \"Shit!\" Reno grabbed her shoulders, keeping her upright. \"Sorry…. I mean…. sorry.\" he quickly apologized. \"I didn't see you. Pecos was…. Perfect Tommy said she was…. \" \"Alright.\" Tommy Boy growled through clenched teeth. Grabbing his arm, she closed her eyes for a moment, trying to steady herself. The pain of the cut slowly subsided as she held her leg up, taking deep breaths. Calming himself, Reno asked \"Are you alright?\" She managed to nod. Licking her lips she looked up at him. \"The docs are looking after Pecos. Best you give them some time.\" Reno stiffened. \"So… she was hurt.\" Tommy Boy shrugged. \"A little bite. Seems an infection has set in. But she's got the best doctors in the world. Both of them. Let them do their job.\" Another deep breath. \"We need to do ours and get her off this damn island.\" The man glanced down the hall, wanting to run to the woman he loved despite what he was being told. But, he managed to plant his feet. Taking a gentler hold on his friend, he asked \"What do I need to do?\" \"The propellers…\" \"Fixed. Didn't have a clue what Perfect Tommy was trying to do, but I finished it.\" he assured. \"Good.\" Tommy Boy nodded. \"Okay. Find the kid. Get him into some dry clothes and drag him back up there. I can't get the programming up, if there's nothing to program.\" Reno nodded. \"Yea, okay.\" He started to turn away, but TommyBoy's grip on his arm stopped him. He looked a question at her. \"Reno, Perfect Tommy works, you stand guard.\" she ordered. \"Any thing moves out there, you see anyone… get both of you back inside! No confrontations. No meet and greets. Get inside and lock up behind you! Understood?\" \"Are we still talking about children?\" Reno asked, shocked at her order. Tommy Boy looked at him. \"If we weren't, we'd be shooting back by now.\" she answered before letting him go. Reno hesitated, trying to process. Finally giving up… nothing was making sense anyway… he started down the hall again. Mrs. Johnson sat at the dining room table, staring at the dinner she had prepared. Seasoned mash potatoes. Corn on the cob. Peppered steaks. Salad. Fresh croissants. Raspberry ice tea. It was a late dinner. With everything going on, she hadn't gotten it on the table until eight. She had been already with the apologies, ready to shush Perfect Tommy for his \"What ya trying to do to my figure?!\", ready to run and get the sweet butter and milk and anything else the crew of the Aurora might need. Two hours later, she was still waiting for the crew to show up. Not that she was angry that no one showed up for dinner. Perfect Tommy and Reno were working hard on getting them air born again. And Tommy Boy was downstairs working on some new whatever that would do whatever it was that would make life easier. Knuckles and Rawhide had barred up every window, every door, every air vent on the ship, not to mention cleaned and loaded every gun. Peggy was sitting with Pecos and Buckaroo and Jersey had locked themselves up in the lab, trying to figure out what was wrong with their girl. All good reasons for missing out on all her hard work getting hot, good food for their cold, tired bodies, filling those empty, growling bellies. A wine across the table drew her attention. Oddity was sitting up in Rawhide's chair, casting meaningful glances at the plate of steaks. Mrs. Johnson sighed. \"Well, at least someone is hungry.\" she mumbled. Reaching across the table, she served the dog a steak. Oddity offered a bark of appreciation, before digging his teeth into the treat. The girl smiled, thankful for an acknowledgement of her work…. Even if it was from the family pet. But, no sooner had Oddity started working a good chunk of the meat in his teeth, than his head came up, his ears flickering. A muffled growl came from deep in his chest. Mrs. Johnson froze in her seat. She had known the dog far to long to know that he didn't get riled up over squirrels and a little wind. She slowly rose to her feet, her chair sliding against the floor sounding awfully loud just about then. \"What is it, Oddity?\" she whispered. \"What is it, boy?\" Oddity jumped from his chair and bounded for the slider that separated the bridge from the living quarters. Growling, he scratched at the door. Mrs. Johnson reached back and pulled from a drawer in the secretary a small pistol. Carefully, she followed the dog, reaching the slider. \"Easy, boy.\" she whispered, grabbing a hand full of fur. \"Stay with me.\" she encouraged, before reaching out with her gun hand and shoving the slider open. The bridge was dark, the power being saved. Even the lights from the control panels were dead, having been scrambled by the storm. But there was a dim light from the top deck where Perfect Tommy and Reno were working. It cast a dim light down the sides of the Aurora, almost like a glow, illuminating the observation deck just beyond the bridge's big, storm windows. It was just enough light that it glistened off the rain drops as they bounced off tiny figures covering the deck. Just enough to reflect off blond heads like the reflection of snow. Just enough light to see the bright and eager eyes of the children… Oddity began to bark, pulling against Mrs. Johnson's hold. \"Oddity, no! Stay with me!\" Mrs. Johnson cried, pulling the dog back, her gun coming up. Over her shoulder she yelled \"Rawhide! Buckaroo! Someone!\" A child's face pressed against the window, a hand on either side, as if she was looking in on a candy store. \"Go away!\" Mrs. J yelled at them. Another, a little boy, raised a knife, only bits of the blade clean enough to catch the light, and struck the window. But the storm windows were designed to withstand the debris of a tornado. A little boy and his knife barely scratched it. But he tried again, dragging the blade down the window, trying to dig his way through. Blade against window had a nails on chalk board sound that made even Oddity to wince, losing a bark. \"Mrs. Johnson?\" Rawhide called as hurried into the room from the kitchen. \"Mrs. J!\" Knuckles' call was only a breath after as she hurried down the stairs from the sleeping quarters. \"They're here! They're all over!\" Mrs. Johnson answered them, pointing at the windows with her pistol. \"Knuckles, hit the lights!\" Rawhide ordered. He rushed across the room, grabbing Mrs. Johnson and pushing her back, behind the cover of the slider. \"Oddity! Guard! Stay!\" he commanded the dog, pointing at the girl. Oddity obeyed without hesitation, dropping to the floor at Mrs. Johnson's feet. His muscles twitched, his ears working, a low growl rumbling from his throat, but he didn't move from her feet. \"Lights!\" Knuckles confirmed as she hit the switches beside the slider. Instantly, the bright deck lights exploded to life, flooding the deck with light. Her job done, Knuckles spun about to stand beside Rawhide, both her matching Starr Army revolvers out, aimed, and at the ready. But her guns lowered slightly when the light revealed the deck. \"What the crap?\" she demanded. Rawhide frowned. He stepped out into the bridge and looked around. \"What?\" Mrs. Johnson hissed at Knuckles. \"There's nothing out there.\" Knuckles answered, almost sounding disappointed. Straightening up and slipping her right revolver back into the holster, she followed Rawhide, looking about the bridge. \"What?!\" The girl practically tripped over Oddity as she spun about to see for herself. The deck was empty. The wind was blowing across the deck, forcing the rain almost straight across the windows. No where was there any sign that anyone had ever been there. \"What the hell?\" Mrs. Johnson demanded pushing pass Knuckles. She waved a frantic hand at the window. \"They were there! I swear it! The deck was covered with the little buggers!\" She turned on Knuckles. \"I'm not making this up!\" \"No, you're not.\" Knuckles agreed. \"Oddity doesn't growl at nothing.\" \"And the wind didn't do this.\" Rawhide pointed out, running a finger up and down a small scratch on the window about waist high. He looked at Knuckles. \"Well, crap.\" the bounty hunter growled. Hunger. It was the wind. It was the rain. It was the trees. It was the dirt. It was the wilds. It was the beating in her chest. It was the pulsing through her veins. It was the air in her lungs. It was peace. It was war. It was hunger! And she was hungry! So hungry…. The want so powerful it brought tears to her eyes. So, so hungry… She was empty, nothing under her skin but cold, dark, wanting blackness. So empty… So hungry… Hungry! Pecos' hand snapped up so sudden, so hard, Buckaroo never saw it coming. She struck him in the side of the head, slamming him against the wall with a solid crack. Silently, the doctor slid to the floor, unconscious. Sitting up, Pecos slipped her bare feet to the floor and rose up. She blinked down at her friend, the man that had been both a teacher and a brother to her. He had been there when she was sick and sad, healthy and happy. He took her in when she was a nothing street kid trying to make her way to college. Introduced her to the man she loved. Gave her a reason to fight, a reason not to fight. Gave her plenty of reasons just to live. Dr. Buckaroo Banzai had opened the world for her. Hungry! Pecos stepped over him, leaving him on the floor and bleeding. Without a glance back, she opened the door and stepped out into the hall. She paused there, glancing to her left. The lab. There was a light in the window of the door, but no movement. She looked right. The door to the kitchen, sounds of dish washing and humming coming from within. Beyond was the dining room and library. And beyond that the doors that lead to the bridge. The rooms were dark, closed down for the night. She turned her eyes upward. There were some voices, two, barely audible. Hungry! Turning, she crossed the darken rooms to the doors, her bare feet padding almost soundlessly. She reached out to the doors and slid them open. Tommy Boy jerked upright in her seat at the consol, reaching for her pistol. But stopped when she saw who it was. With a sigh of relief, she settled back into her seat. \"Geez, Pecos, warn a girl, would you?\" She glanced out the big windows again, searching the outside for anything that should have alarmed her before she was willing to fully relax. Then she looked back at Pecos again. \"Hey, should you be up? Where's Buckaroo?\" she wondered. But Pecos simply just stood there, looking at her. Tommy Boy frowned. \"Do you want me to get Jersey? He's down stairs. Said he needed something from supplies.\" Again Pecos said nothing, the only sign that she was even alive coming in the form of a tilt of her head. The blond slowly pushed herself to her feet, careful not to put too much weight on her wounded leg. \"Why don't you sit down here.\" she suggested, gently reaching out to take Pecos un-bandage hand and gently pulled her to the chair. \"You sit down and keep watch for a few minutes. I'll go get Jersey. Okay?\" She turned away, limping toward the spiral stairs leading to the lower deck. Pecos laid a hand on the pistol that still laid on the consol. She picked it up, turning it in her hands as if it was the first time she had ever seen such a weapon. \"Tommy Boy?\" called Mrs. Johnson as she stepped out of the kitchen, drying her hands on a dish towel. \"I heard you talking…\" she started, heading for the bridge. Then she saw who Tommy Boy had been talking to. \"Pecos! You're up!\" She smiled. Tommy Boy paused when she heard her. \"Mrs. Johnson.\" she greeted. She started to turn back. Pecos suddenly stepped up to her and, without hesitation, pushed. Already off balanced by her wounded leg, Tommy Boy couldn't stop her tumbling backwards. For a breath she felt as if she was floating. Then she knew she was falling. \"Tommy Boy!\" Mrs. Johnson cried as she saw her friend tumble down the stair case. She started forward, but a thundering boom slammed her back against the wall. Stunned, she turned her eyes to Pecos again and the smoking gun pointed directly at her. \"Pecos….?\" she gasped. She looked down at her hand pressed against her stomach. Her hand was filled with blood. \"Pecos…\" she whispered again, slowly sliding down the wall. Pecos never looked at the girl as she started down the steps. Tommy Boy, stunned and hurt, laid at the bottom of the steps in a heap. She groaned, her hands attempting to ward off the pain she felt everywhere. She gasped, almost sobs, when she tried to straighten her leg. Pecos stepped over her with such little thought, she didn't even notice when she didn't quite clear her friend, stepping on her hair as she passed. \"What the hell is going on?\" Jersey demanded as he came out of one of the storage areas. \"Pecos? What are you doing up? You should be in bed.\" he reprimanded, quickly setting down the small box he had been carrying and starting toward his patient. Then he saw Tommy Boy laying at the foot of the steps. \"Oh, god.\" he gasped, changing direction, \"What happened?\" A click drew his attention once more to Pecos. She held the gun straight out, aimed directly at him. New Jersey stopped, holding his hands up. \"Pecos…\" he breathed cautiously. \"What are you doing?\" he wanted to know, every word spoken slowly, carefully. She tilted her head to one side, blinking. Reaching back she unlocked the door leading to the outside. Turning, she stepped out into the night and the rain. \"Pecos, don't!\" Jersey yelled, leaping after her. But, just as he reached her, she spun to the side, grabbed his out stretched arm and pulled him pass. As he did, she brought the butt of the gun down on the back of his head, knocking him out cold. He never reached the ground, half a dozen blond children right at hand to catch him.[Chapter 2] Mrs. Johnson cried out. Rawhide's gut wrenched. \"Okay, okay, baby girl. No more moving.\" he promised as he settled her into the bed. He started to pull away, but Mrs. Johnson grabbed his hand, clinging to it. His heart breaking, the big man leaned over her, laying a gentle kiss on her forehead. \"Shhh. It's gonna be alright, sweet pea. We're gonna take care of you.\" \"She… she shot… me… Pecos…\" She was crying, though Rawhide wasn't sure if it was pain from the bullet in her gut or the shock of her friend putting it there. \"Why…\" \"Rawhide.\" Buckaroo called to him. \"Morphine: top drawer under the right cabinet.\" he instructed from where he sat on a stool by the sink. Peggy was fussing over his head wound, trying to get her husband to sit still long enough for her to determine if he had a concussion. \"Sit still!\" she reprimanded him. \"You're going to need stitches.\" Mrs. Johnson cried out again, withering on the bed. \"Later.\" Buckaroo answered his wife, pushing her aside. He started to rise to his feet, but a wave of dizziness washed over him. Grabbing Peggy's shoulder for support, he squeezed his eyes closed, and swallowed hard. Peggy wrapped her arms around his middle, keeping him from falling. \"You can't even stand. How do you expect to pull a bullet from her?!\" Refusing to be out of reach of the wounded girl, Rawhide stretched out over the bed, trying to reach the indicated drawer. \"Where the hell is Jersey?!\" he snapped when he just couldn't reach. Despite quickly losing consciousness, Mrs. Johnson instantly reacted to his tone, whimpering and withering. Rawhide quickly turned back to her, running a gently hand over her head, hushing her. \"Shhh… it's okay…. You're gonna be just fine.\" \"They took him.\" Perfect Tommy answered his question as he rushed into the infirmary. \"The little bastards took him.\" He glanced about. \"Splint? Bandages?\" Rawhide pointed, before pointing again at the drawer with the morphine. Perfect Tommy rushed to retrieve the needed items, handing Rawhide the syringe. \"What do you mean… they took him?\" Buckaroo demanded, forcing his eyes open. Not to mention… \"Who else is hurt?\" Perfect Tommy paused to look at their employer. \"Pecos pushed Tommy Boy down the stairs. She's all bashed up. Then Pecos apparently nailed Jersey and handed him off to the local cannibals.\" he snarled, his rage kept in check only by the need to help his friends. \"She wouldn't!\" Peggy protested. \"Pecos wouldn't have hurt them! She couldn't!\" \"Look around, Peggy!\" Perfect Tommy snapped. \"Look at Buckaroo! Go look at Tommy Boy! And if that isn't enough proof…\" He waved a hand at the bed. \"Look at her! Who did Mrs. Johnson ever hurt? Who did she ever threaten? How could anyone… How…. Damn it, Pecos shot her!\" \"Perfect Tommy.\" Rawhide's low, quiet tone snapped the boy's head around. The big cowboy's look alone was enough to quiet Tommy's rage. Perfect Tommy closed his eyes, licking his lips, before opening them again. \"Yea.\" he breathed. He looked at Buckaroo. \"You gonna be alright, boss?\" he wanted to know. \"'Cause we sure could use an up and active doc in some parts of this boat.\" Buckaroo smiled slightly. \"Thought it was a ship.\" \"Wise ass.\" Perfect Tommy jerked his head towards everyone's favorite little sister. \"Take care of her. We've got Tommy Boy.\" he assured, then slipped out the door, not daring to look back at Mrs. Johnson. \"Damn.\" Rawhide growled. \"There's a hell of a lot more than blood that needs mopping up.\" \"Don't be so morbid!\" Peggy snapped. But her attention was quickly snatched away as Buckaroo pushed away from her. \"Rawhide, go take care of the crew.\" he ordered. \"Peggy, wash up. Get a surgical kit. I'm going to need your help.\" Knowing there was no use arguing, Peggy leaped to obey. Rawhide grabbed Buckaroo's elbow, steadying him as he stepped over to the bed. \"You gonna be able to do this?\" he asked in a hushed tone. \"Are you referring to the fact that I am going to operate in a ship's infirmary with fundamental tools and supplies, with a limited power source, basic sanitize methods, and a lack of back up plasma? Or that I'm going to do all that while the world is spinning in six different directions and if I had bothered to take time to eat dinner, I'd be throwing up now?\" Buckaroo Banzai looked up at his friend. \"Do I have a choice?\" Rawhide sighed. \"yea.\" he breathed. \"I'll go take care of the troops. Yell if you need anything…. Or if….\" He stopped, not wanting to think of any other reason Buckaroo might call him. Instead he grabbed the stool and pulled it up to the bed so that Buckaroo could sit again. He glanced at Peggy, offered an encouraging smile, then hurried out of the room. The rest of the crew were in like state of shock, trying to do what had to be done, yet not knowing exactly what had to be done. Tommy Boy laid on the couch, Perfect Tommy was already rewrapping her cut leg. Knuckles was standing at the consol in the Bridge, loading her pistols. Reno paced, waving his hands about, telling Knuckles \"You can't hunt her down! She's sick! She doesn't know what she's doing!\" \"Didn't think she was in her right mind, Reno.\" Knuckles grumbled, setting down one pistol and picking up the next. She glanced over her shoulder at him. \"But she is armed, dangerous, and shooting little girls.\" \"Not to mention pushing them down the stairs.\" Perfect Tommy mumbled, taping up TommyBoy's leg. \"Little girl?\" Tommy Boy looked at him with a raised eyebrow. \"Tommy Boy's a soldier.\" Knuckles pointed out. \"She's like me and you. And Pecos. We're fighters. Mrs. Johnson isn't. She's a kid. A non-combatant.\" Her attention turned back to her guns. \"Same as Jersey.\" \"Knuckles, lets not jump the gun.\" Rawhide suggested as he entered the conversation. Knuckles paused, looking down at her pistols. \"Was that supposed to be funny?\" she wondered. Rawhide also paused, glancing at her. \"Um, no… but still holds. Whatever we do, we aren't doing until one: our crew is taken care of, two: there's light outside, three: ship is secure, and four: we figure out what we're gonna do.\" Leaving it at that, he leaned over the back of the couch, and laid a gentle hand on TommyBoy's shoulder. \"You alright?\" \"She played bumper boat down a steel spiral.\" Perfect Tommy growled. \"What do you think?\" \"I! Think!\" Tommy Boy started, glaring at the boy, \"That I'm well enough to kick your butt if you don't settle down.\" When his eyes snapped up to look at her, she offered a reassuring smile. \"Knuckles is worried about Jersey. Go rein her in.\" \"Nothin's gonna rein her in 'cept getten' the doc back.\" Perfect Tommy pointed out. \"And Pecos!\" Knuckles added as she stomped pass the couch and headed for the armory. \"I might want to shoot her, but just a little. Want her home first.\" \"Just a little?\" Reno cried. \"What do you mean just a little?\" Knuckles shrugged. \"Yea… in the foot, in the leg maybe….\" \"You can't shoot her!\" Reno protested. \"Rawhide…\" \"No one is gonna shoot Pecos.\" Rawhide assured, standing up again, and turning to look at the bounty hunter. Damn it, half his crew was limping and bleeding and the other half nagging to be so. \"Knuckles…\" \"We'll shoot her with these.\" Knuckles cut him off, tossing him a clip. Snatching it out of the air, Rawhide threw the girl a glare. He held the clip up. \"You could have told him you had tranquilizers.\" Knuckles tilted her head to one side. \"He could have trusted me, too.\" She started back to the bridge. \"I'll keep watch until dawn.\" She held the doors open until Oddity had joined her, then slid them close behind her. \"I do trust her.\" Reno insisted. \"But Pecos…\" Words failing him, he just shook his head. Rawhide sighed. \"Perfect Tommy, how's the engine?\" \"Fixed.\" the engineer answered. \"Just needs some power… If Tommy Boy got the new turbine connections…\" \"Connected.\" she assured, wincing as she tried to wrap her wrist. Rawhide quickly turned back, taking the bandage and finishing the wrap. \"And that means?\" \"It means we no longer need the sun to power the Aurora.\" Perfect Tommy explained. \"We now have wind power. As long as the wind is blowing the propellers, the batteries are charging. All we have to do is wait until they are fully…\" \"How long until we can take off?\" Rawhide cut him off. He didn't need to know the details. He knew his people could do what they promised. Perfect Tommy looked at Tommy Boy. The woman tried to shrug, but winced, her shoulder popping. Closing her eyes against the aches and pains of her banged up body, she answered \"How long until you bring Pecos and Jersey back?\" She tilted her head, opening her eyes, looking up at him. Rawhide paused, his eyes locking with hers. His voice dropped so that only she could hear. \"Knuckles says there could be hundreds of them. She found their tracks.\" \"She's usually right about tracks.\" \"You're hurt. Mrs. Johnson, Buckaroo…\" \"Peggy and I can hold the ship.\" she assured. Rawhide started to shake his head. \"I'm not leaving you two here alone…\" \"You'll need Buckaroo. We know at least Pecos is hurt. Most likely Sid will be too. Knuckles, Perfect Tommy, you… you three can handle the fight. Don't let Reno go after Pecos alone. He won't see the danger in her. And, Rawhide, Knuckles is right: Pecos is dangerous.\" Rawhide's jaw stiffened. \"I am not leaving you two…\" \"Rawhide.\" TommyBoy's calm tone was enough to silence the man. \"There is no choice. We have two missing and we're not leaving until we have them back.\" Rawhide dropped his head. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Finally he finished securing the bandage around TommyBoy's wrist. \"Wasn't plannin' on leavin' without them. Just….Get some sleep.\" Straightening up, he looked at Perfect Tommy and Reno who had stepped back to let the two talk. Both waited with held breath, waiting for orders. So, Rawhide gave them. \"You both get some sleep while you can. I'll wake you when it's time to go.\" Reno opened his mouth, but Perfect Tommy grabbed his arm and pulled him away. Watching them go, Rawhide glanced back, without actually looking at his x-lover. \"You know, Knuckles asked me earlier… could I kill a kid.\" Tommy Boy waited a moment for his answer. When it didn't come, she wondered herself \"Can you?\" Rawhide shook his head, but answered softly \"Do I have a choice?\" His skin felt three feet thick. Every breath of his body felt so heavy that, if not laid just right, it might even crush itself. So heavy that no matter how he tried, New Jersey couldn't muster the strength to move just one finger. He didn't remember waking up. He simply opened his eyes and there he was, staring up at a thatched roof. All he could see was that roof, his head refusing to budge left or right. All he could hear was the surging of blood through the veins in his temple. He had no sense of time. No coming… No going…. No passing… For a breath, he had thought Perfect Tommy had gotten him drunk again. Wouldn't be the first time he woke up in a strange place, blood pulsing through his head, the calling card of a hangover. But there was no pain to go along with a hangover. An image of a woman leaned over him, blocking the view of the thatched roof. Her long, blond hair fell on either side of her head, walling off the outside world, as if she was looking down a long, blond tunnel at the man below her. Her gray eyes with her porcelain skin and the slight blue tinge to her lips gave her a haunting look. He wondered… Was he… dead? Was she a ghost? An angel? No, of course not! He was a doctor! A man of science! He dealt in matter of fact! Solid, living, breathing fact! Besides… Where was the bright light? The tunnel? The Herald, the harp, and all that other stuff Sunday school spoke so fondly of? Swallowing, Jersey forced his lips to move. Calling on strength that simply wasn't there, he tried to ask \"Who…\" but could muster no sound. A thin, pale finger laid over his lips. Her blue lips smiled before forming the word \"Who?\" Jersey tried to nod, confirming his question, but could only blink. In far too perfect English, she answered \"My name is Katarina Himmler. I am the teacher.\" She removed her finger from his lips, folded her hands in her lap, and settled into a sitting position beside him on the bed. Her smile never wavering, her expression one of unchanging kindness and patients, she watched him, waiting. Jersey didn't know how long it took him, but, eventually, he knew he could speak again. His voice rough as if he hadn't used it a very long time, he asked \"Teacher? Of… children?\" \"Yes, the children are my wards. And I am their teacher. Are you comfortable?\" Comfortable? New Jersey wasn't sure how to answer that. He was aware of his body, he just couldn't feel it. He wasn't in pain. But he wasn't feeling great either. Just what the hell did they do to him anyway? Don't panic, he reminded himself. He was a doctor. He could sort through this. Figure it out. Still, there were other questions… \"Are you a Jew?\" Katarina suddenly asked, reaching out to run her fingers through his black curls. Jersey blinked up at her. Jew? Why did she ask… Himmler! They were all blond, light eyed and skin! Nazis? On a deserted island? In the Atlantic? Off South America? Sixty years after the damn war? Not to mention freaking cannibals?! This was insane! Sixty years ago! This woman… girl couldn't have been more than twenty… twenty-five if she watched what she ate. How could she be a Nazi? But what other explanation was there? \"How?\" was all he could think of to say. As if she could follow his line of thought, she answered \"They are Lebensborn children, the pure race. I am their teacher, chosen by the Fuhrer himself.\" She professed this with head held high, her pride untarnished by the years… as if the honor had been bestowed upon her only yesterday. \"When the invaders threatened the Father Lands, our Fuhrer sent us forth to find safe lands, far from those who would contaminate the purity of our race.\" Jersey felt sick. \"Like Jews?\" he snarled. \"So, you are a Jew.\" she concluded. \"I am sorry then.\" She sighed, actually sounding truly sorry. \"You could no longer have chosen your birth than you could have chosen not to have come here. Your parents should have made the decision to end their disease and not to bestow it upon their innocent children.\" Her eyes narrowed slightly. \"Are you a father?\" Jersey shook his head. \"No.\" he breathed, caught somewhere between shock and disgust. \"And… And I'm not Jewish. I was raised Catholic.\" Her smile returned. \"You are a wise man. You have saved future generations from a sad fate.\" Again the sad sigh. \"You have done good in your life. You should be satisfied that you leave us a better world.\" With that, she leaned over him, laying a gentle, chaste kiss on his lips. Then she rose up, turned, and stepped away from the bed. \"Leave?\" Jersey repeated. He knew that, even if he couldn't feel it, his heart skipped a beat. \"Are… you going to… to…\" She glanced back at him over her shoulder. \"To kill you? No. We do not kill.\" She looked at someone just out of Jersey's line of sight. \"We harvest.\" That someone leaned over the foot of the bed. Jersey's eyes grew big. \"Pecos?\" he gasped. He would have sat up if he could move. \"Pecos… are you alright? Are you hurt?\" \"See?\" Katarina breathed, her back still to the bed. \"You are a good man.\" Pecos' head tilted to the side. She took a hold of the cuff of his pant leg in one hand and the other used a long, saw-like knife to began sawing through the cloth. \"Pecos?\" Jersey whispered. He knew the blade was sliding along his leg as it sawed through the material. He could almost feel it, but not quite. \"Pecos, what are you doing?\" he asked, trying to be calm, though his voice quivered. The Cavalier didn't even look up at him as she laid open his pant leg. She looked at his leg, running a thumb down from the base of his knee to the top of his foot. \"Pecos… you are not well.\" Jersey tried to reason with her. \"You are sick. I can help you. You know that. You know that I am your friend. Try to remember. You are strong. You can resist whatever is making you sick. I can help you.\" With expertise that Jersey knew she could have only learned from Reno, she flipped the knife around her fingers until the sharp, deadly point aimed down. Her eyes never left the leg. She settled the point directly in the middle, just off the bottom of his knee cap. \"Pecos! Please!\" Jersey hurried. \"Please, you don't want to hurt me. You do not want to do this. Please…\" Her free hand came up, around, and, like a hammer, slammed down on the back of the knife. Jersey screamed. Despite no pain, he could feel the knife cutting down through skin and muscle. He could feel it slip off the bone and continue down until it slipped through the skin of the back of his leg. \"Careful.\" Katarina cautioned, her back still to them. \"Cut the bone clean.\" she instructed as if she was teaching one of her children how to draw the letter `a'. \"Broken chips will hurt the meat.\" Pecos glanced at her, then quickly returned her attention to her work. \"Oh, god!\" Jersey cried. He could feel the teeth of the saw began work on the bone. \"Pecos! Stop! God, Pecos, please…. stop!\" he sobbed, squeezing his eyes close. Move! he screamed at his body, but it did not respond. A new sensation rushed through his leg, replacing the knife. Jersey sighed with relief. She heard him! He got through to her! She stopped! But, when he opened his eyes, his gut wrenched. She hadn't stopped. She had finished. Buckaroo closed the door gently, careful not to wake the sleeping women inside. He paused, laying a hand flat against the door, closing his eyes. After a breath, he wondered when he had started leaving prayers to god on doors of the women he loved. \"Question for a later date.\" he whispered to himself. Taking a deep breath, he pushed away from the door, turned, and walked out to face the next hurtle. Reno and Tommy Boy were on the bridge. Reno was making sure that the last of the brace windows were secure across the glass. He gave them a good shake, before telling Tommy Boy \"Rain nor wind nor rabid little rug rat is getting through this.\" he promised. The woman took a deep breath, wincing as her bruised ribs protested. \"Thanks.\" she managed. \"We'll be alright.\" She reached out and took his hand, squeezing it gently. \"We're all gonna be alright.\" And she just didn't mean the we that would be left behind in the Aurora, or the we that would be marching out to possible war. Reno tried to smile, failed miserably, and found a change of subject when he spotted Buckaroo in the door way. \"Hey, boss, how's our girl?\" he asked. Buckaroo sighed. Rubbing the palms of his hands on his hips, he answered \"The bullet nicked her intestine, and lodged just below her stomach. Bullet came out clean. I repaired the nick. irrigated the wound to ward off any infection brought on by leakage from the intestine, recycled her spilt blood back into her system…\" \"Buckaroo.\" Tommy Boy stopped him. He turned tired eyes to look at her, amazed that he was able to keep them open wide enough to see her. She smiled. \"So, our girl's gonna be alright?\" He nodded slightly. \"Yes… if we can get her to a hospital with the proper antiseptic… there is still a strong danger of infection.\" He closed his eyes and rubbed the ridge of his nose. Reno and Tommy Boy exchanged glances. \"How's the head?\" Tommy Boy asked, pointing at the fresh stitches that Peggy masterfully woven into his scalp. Buckaroo almost touched the stitches before he remembered there wasn't another doctor around to remind him not to. He dropped his hand and admitted \"Mild concussion, killer headache, and a pint of aspirin. How's yours?\" The woman rolled her eyes. \"How did Perfect Tommy put it? I… played bumper cars down a steal spiral.\" \"Bumper boats.\" Reno corrected. When the other two looked at him, he shrugged. \"Who ever rides bumper boats?\" Tommy Boy chuckled. \"Point being… I could be worse.\" She glanced out the window at the graying sky. \"Sun's coming up. Knuckles and Rawhide are already outside picking a path.\" Buckaroo nodded. \"Time to hit the road.\" He grabbed his coat from the rack and looked at Reno. \"Shall we?\" Reno was already heading down the steps. Buckaroo paused to look back at Tommy Boy. \"Knuckles cocked every gun in the house for me. Oddity is sitting guard, and you can't get into this joint even with a key.\" Tommy Boy assured one more person. \"We'll be fine. Go get our people.\" The doctor offered her a slight smile, before heading down the steps. The rain had lessoned until it was only a continues drizzle, somewhere between a rain drop and a heavy mist. It seeped under their cloaks, through their slickers, into their boots. The only thing safe from the icy cold wet were the guns tightly and carefully wrapped in oiled leather holsters, waterproofed with wax. No longer caring about the mud, Knuckles dropped to one knee. Instantly the men behind her froze, their eyes scanning the rainforest about them for any sign of the enemy. But Knuckles' attention was on the ground. There! Under the crumpled leaf and the handful of wind blown twigs. A smooth half circle, deep in the back, lighter as it rolled forward. Deeper to the back left. Knuckles brushed her fingers over it. The edges were stiff. The print was hours old. old enough that, even in this constant wet, it had seasoned. \"Morning was warm.\" she mumbled to herself. \"Yea, well, that's one thing this place will never be short on.\" Frowning, Knuckles glanced up and back at Perfect Tommy who stood almost directly over her, watching her back as she read the trail. The youngest Cavalier shrugged. \"Never run out of warm showers here abouts. All you have to do is step outside.\" Knuckles sighed. \"It means that despite the wet, the track can still be seasoned. I can tell about how long ago the track was laid, how old the trail is.\" she explained. \"And how old is it?\" Perfect Tommy wanted to know. \"They came straight from the Aurora, through here…\" she indicated the dear path they were on. \"and continued almost in a straight line South East.\" She pointed forward. Perfect Tommy looked forward, but all he could see were more trees and mist. Knuckles rose up again. \"They're headed toward high ground.\" \"There's high ground on this rock?\" Tommy didn't remember seeing anything that resembled high ground. But the bounty hunter sighed. \"We've been moving up for the last three hours, oh great genius. Pay more attention to your environment.\" She look pass him to where Buckaroo stood several yards back, waiting for her to signal the all clear before he moved forward. Directly behind him was Reno, covering the boss' back. Several yards behind them, out of sight of Knuckles' keen eye, yet still in sight of Reno, was Rawhide, bringing up the rear. \"Buckaroo needs a minute.\" she mumbled, watching the doctor sway slightly, still feeling the effects of his head wound. She held up five fingers, telling the men to take five. Reno instantly started to protest, but Buckaroo laid a hand on his arm, quieting him, and pulling him down with him as he crouched down. Still watching the men that followed her, Knuckles picked up a twig, twisting it in her fingers. Perfect Tommy followed her gaze. \"Knuckles?\" he called to her softly. \"Huh?\" Knuckles mumbled, only half hearing him. Perfect Tommy crouched down, leaning to the side so that he blocked her view. \"Knuckles?\" he asked again, wanting her attention. Her eye brows rose as she turned her eyes up to look at him. \"Tom.\" she answered. The young Cavalier licked his lips. \"Why haven't they killed yet?\" he wanted to know. \"I mean… They could have, you know. If there are as many of them as you think, and the way they go in and out of sight, and Pecos had half of us down before we even knew there was a reason to wake up, and…\" \"And you say 'and' too many times.\" Knuckles cut him off. Perfect Tommy clamped his mouth shut. Knuckles shook her head. \"These aren't children, Tom. They're animals. Pack hunters. They're hunting us down, wearing us out, immobilizing us… Look at what they went after: Pecos' hand, Rawhide's arm, TommyBoy's leg. They're immobilizing us, bringing us down one by one so we can't fight back.\" \"Why?\" was all Perfect Tommy could think to ask. The girl shrugged. \"Some animals like their meat fresh. maybe they're keeping us alive so they…\" Tommy shook his head. \"No. Why are you so calm?\" Knuckles stopped and looked at him. \"Because.\" she answered, her tone as calm as if she polishing glasses behind the bar of her Jessie James Club. \"I have to be.\" Not waiting for anything more on the topic to be said, she rose up. \"Let's keep moving.\" \"Peggy.\" Tommy Boy called. She leaned against the door frame, taking some of the weight off her leg. \"Peggy, come here.\" Instantly Peggy appeared in the hall, a small pistol in her hand. She quickly glanced about. \"What happened?\" she asked, finally looking at Tommy Boy. \"Are you alright?\" Tommy Boy almost smiled at the lady Banzai's readiness for action. If there wasn't a reason for it, she would have almost considered it cute. Sure, she knew Peggy could handle herself in most fights. It's just she looked like such a cute little Skipper doll. With a gun. Not the usual Barbie and friends' accessories. \"I'm fine.\" Tommy Boy assured. Peggy looked around again. \"Who's on watch?\" she wanted to know. \"Oddity. He'll let us know if he sees anything.\" Tommy Boy answered. She glanced to where the dog was sitting on the floor of the bridge, his eyes fixated on the storm beyond the big windows. Oddity hadn't moved since Knuckles had left him with the order \"Stay! Guard!\" And he wouldn't move until she released him from the order. Or something gave him a reason to guard them from. Peggy relaxed a little. Sliding her pistol back into her belt holster, she crossed the room to where Tommy Boy stood leaning against the door frame leading into the armory. \"How's the leg?\" she wanted to know, taking her arm and nodding to the seat just inside the door. Tommy Boy let her back her into the chair, happy to get the weight off her leg. Not that it was any worse, but, in the last twenty four hours, she had been slashed then thrown down a spiral staircase. Tended to make one just a little bit sore. Not that she was going to give Peggy anything else to worry about. \"I'm fine.\" Tommy Boy assured. \"How's our girl?\" Peggy crouched down beside the chair, leaning her back against the door frame. With a tired sigh, she leaned her head back and closed her eyes. Tommy Boy stiffened. That wasn't a good sigh. \"Peggy, how is Mrs. Johnson?\" she asked again. Peggy rubbed her eyes. \"Fever. Means infection.\" She looked up at Tommy Boy. \"She needs a hospital.\" \"We'll get her one.\" Tommy Boy promised. She reached out and squeezed her shoulder, trying to reassure her. \"Yea.\" Peggy mumbled, not at all sounding convinced. Taking a deep breath, she looked up at her friend. \"Did you want me for something?\" she asked, wanting to get back to her girl. Tommy Boy nodded, waving a hand at the computer in front of her. \"I wanted to show you this. It's the Aurora's Quarter A.I. Pilot.\" she explained. Peggy took a look at the small, yet complicated looking, computer system. There were two small keyboards and four small screens, three in a row on the bottom, the fourth, slightly larger, above. \"Ah. Was wondering where that was.\" She frowned. Tommy Boy chuckled. \"Laymen's terms?\" \"Oh, please, would ya?\" With a few keystrokes, the middle computer screen showed a digital image of the Aurora's steering ball. The left screen showed a world map. The right showed a number of different scales marked from engine temp. to wind sheer to elevation and compass. The largest of the screens showed six different views of the outside of the ship from cameras of the prop deck at the top of the Aurora. \"From here, anyone with a little know-how can control the Aurora.\" Tommy Boy went on to explain. \"The Quarter A.I. Pilot needs only destination and ultimate decision making. The computer does all the calculating, the redirecting, the course corrections, and even gives you options, ranking from most recommended down, for any situation you can think of.\" She smiled. \"Perfect Tommy even threw in a space invaders what-if.\" Peggy huffed. \"Yea, like that never happens to us.\" She rolled her eyes. \"Anyway… All you have to do is tell it where to go and follow recommended behavior…\" \"Woe.\" Peggy stopped her. \"That `all you have to do' thing is just figurative, right?\" she wanted to know. \"You don't actually mean me, right? We're just shooting the breeze, here. Passing time.\" Tommy Boy sighed. \"Look, Peggy, we're going to make it. Everything is going to be alright. But… if we don't, if everything isn't going to be alright, then you need to know how to fly this thing.\" She waved a hand at the armory. \"This room was built as a safe box. When the door is shut and sealed from the inside, nothing is getting in here. Hell, the Aurora could sink to the bottom of the ocean floor and the A.I. can still cycle air through the tanks and keep you alive for a few days.\" \"But it won't!\" Peggy quickly snapped. She rose to her feet sharply. \"'Cause it won't have to! And I won't have to fly this boat!\" She started to turn to leave, but TommyBoy grabbed her arm. \"Peggy,\" she continued as if Peggy hadn't said anything. \"As well as piloting the Aurora, the A.I. keeps contact with every go-phone within it's range. When the crew gets back, I'll set the go-phones to life alert. If anyone gets severely wounded, you can read it here and direct us to where to help.\" Peggy's head tilted. \"Can we see them now? Buckaroo? And the others?\" Tommy Boy shook her head. \"With satellite we could pick them up a good fifteen hundred miles away. But whatever's blocking everything else that would be the least bit helpful, is blocking that too. We had signal for a mile or so before we lost them… about when the highest antenna probably lost the line of sight with their go-phones' output.\" For a moment they were both quiet, neither able to help but think about their friends and family, where they were, what they were heading into. He kicked a rock, sending it tumbling over the edge. It bounced and rolled down the canyon wall, crashing through bushes and bouncing off trees, until it was finally swallowed up by a rushing river some five hundred-fifty feet down. Swallowing hard, Perfect Tommy looked at Knuckles. \"That is a long, long ways down.\" \"No shit, Sherlock.\" Knuckles grumbled. \"And you kick another rock, and you'll follow it down.\" She rose up from her crouch. \"If you're gonna announce to the world we're coming, you might as well do it in person.\" Her eyes scanned the canyon that stretched out before them, seemingly to cut the island in half. \"Might end up doing just that anyway.\" she mumbled. Tommy smiled slightly. \"Gee, you're pleasant.\" he offered. When she didn't answer, he shrugged and asked \"So? Where'd them little buggers go?\" She nodded across the canyon. The Cavalier frowned. \"What? They flew across?\" He gazed down at the river below, mumbling \"Don't tell me they can do that too.\" Knuckles glanced at him, rolled her eyes, and wondered \"How do you even survive without a high rise and Starbucks?\" \"God only knows.\" Tommy admitted. \"Anyhow…?\" \"Anyhow…\" She pointed to the ground at the very edge of the cliff. \"They turned left here, for about, oh, twelve feet, give or take an inch or two, and then they crossed. On that.\" She pointed. West of them, twelve feet, give or take an inch or two, was a raggedy looking rope bridge that stretched across the canyon, disappearing into the thick vines and jagged rocks of the cliff face on the other side. Streams flowed off the top of the cliff high above the bridge, raining down as if the beginnings of a water fall. \"Woe.\" Perfect Tommy breathed, eyes going big. \"You know, Six Flags would pay a fortune for this little tidbit of jungle furniture.\" \"They can have it.\" Rawhide grumbled as he came up behind the two. He looked over the top of their heads and eyed the bridge. \"Knuckles… what's our options here?\" Eyes wide with disbelief, she looked up at him. \"We have options?\" \"Ha!\" Perfect Tommy shook his head. \"Always have options. It's good ones that are rare.\" Rawhide glanced at the kid and frowned. But then he returned his attention to the bounty hunter. \"Knuckles?\" \"Rope bridge.\" Knuckles pointed. \"Cross it, we'll be exposed to the far side. But if we find our own way it could take hours\" \"If not forever.\" Tommy added. \"We don't have hours.\" Rawhide growled. \"Sure as hell don't have forever.\" \"Bridge it is.\" Knuckles snatched Tommy's arm, making him look at her. \"I have the lead. You: five yards behind me. Move slowly. Step where I step. Stay down.\" \"Yea, yea.\" Perfect Tommy groaned. \"Classic stalker moves.\" He grinned. \"Not like you're the first girl I've ever stalked, you know.\" \"Yea.\" Rawhide grumbled. He didn't like this, but, then again, there sure hadn't been a hell of a lot to like. So, he might as well get down to business. \"Step carefully. Stay low.\" he ordered. \"Ah, ya big, ol', squishy cowboy.\" Perfect Tommy coed. \"Didn't know ya gave a snoot full.\" \"Hey!\" Rawhide snapped, snatching him by the shoulder and dragging him close. \"This isn't a game, boy.\" There was nothing amusing in Perfect Tommy's expression as he looked up at the man and answer with \"Ya think ah'd have picked up on that.\" Rawhide stared at him for a breath, before releasing him and stepping back. \"Just… step careful. Lost too many Cavaliers this day.\" \"We haven't lost them yet.\" Knuckles corrected. \"But longer we stand around chatting…\" \"Yea, yea, yea.\" Tommy cut her off, finally looking away from Rawhide. \"Yea.\" Rawhide agreed. \"Stay close to each other. I'll ride herd on the Boss. Let Reno's rifle keep an eye on the far shore.\" He turned and stepped back into the trees to fill in the last two of their hunting party. As soon as he was gone, Knuckles asked \"You gonna stick with me?\" Perfect Tommy glanced at her sharply. \"Ah'm here, ain't ah?!\" \"No.\" she answered. \"You're where ever Jersey is.\" She jabbed a finger at him. \"And that'll get us killed.\" \"Ah'm right here!\" he snapped back. Knuckles shook her head. \"Then why you try to go toe to toe with Rawhide?\" She stepped up, facing off with him. \"Why you trying with me?\" For a breath, Perfect Tommy's jaw stiffened, his fists doubling up. \"This ain't ma fault.\" he snarled. The girl's head tilted to one side. \"Yea… and if you'd stop saying that, you'd notice no one's blaming you.\" She blinked those green eyes of hers. \"'Cept you.\" Perfect Tommy jerked back as if he'd been hit. But Knuckles grabbed his coat lapel and jerked him back. \"Snap out of it, Tommy. This isn't your fault. You built a good ship. But shit happens. Even on the good ship lollypop. You want to survive, you want to save Jersey and Pecos, then leave the damn guilt trip already and snap to!\" She spun about and started down the slim path, growling as she went \"Don't you get it? We need you.\" For a moment he stood there, staring at her back. But then he grinned. \"You need me?\" Not turning her head, Knuckles smiled. \"Shut up.\" Perfect Tommy started down the trail behind her. \"You love me.\" he accused. \"Shut up!\" A feather light touch brushed across his eye lids. Jersey flinched. \"please….\" he whispered. \"Shhhh….\" Katarina hushed, smiling gently down at him. \"Be still, my friend. Rest easy.\" Her soft touch brushed the hair away from his face. Forcing himself to look up at her, he begged again \"Please…. Please, let her go.\" Katarina tilted her head to one side, allowing her long, blond hair fall like a curtain around them. \"The girl? You ask for her sake… even now?\" She sighed. \"I continue to be amazed at the goodness within you.\" \"Pecos… she's done what you wanted. Let her go.\" He closed his eyes again, trying to call on what strength he had left to beg for his friend. \"Please… she needs her family.\" \"Family?!\" The woman's laughter was gentle and sweet sounding, music to the ear. \"Dear doctor, she is free to go any time she wishes. She simply chooses to stay. After all… we are her family now.\" Desperation gripped Jersey's chest, sending tears leaping to his eyes. He clung to his need to save Pecos. It was all he had left. He knew that he would never leave this hut, never leave this island. But his family, his friends… \"God, please…\" She leaned closer, brushing her red lips across his forehead. \"Do not worry yourself any longer, sweet man. She is safe. And, soon, you will be free.\" Parting the vines, Knuckles stepped through the streams of water and off the far end of the bridge. Instantly she dropped to a crouch, her revolver coming up. But she stopped just short of pulling the trigger. Directly in front of her, dangling from the rock that jutted out of the mountain and over the end of the bridge, was a skeleton. It hung, trapped by seat straps and strips of rotting cloth that had once been some sort of uniform. \"Ah don't think you're gonna need to shoot that one.\" Perfect Tommy observed as he came up behind her. Rising up, Knuckles returned her weapon to its holster. \"Yea, well, who said it's all about need?\" Tommy reached up to tap the skull, but, thinking better of it, wiped his hand on his coat. \"Gotta give them credit, though. Little buggers sure know how to do the whole forbidden island thing. Think we can get a couple o' them to decorate the Institute next Halloween?\" \"Sure.\" Knuckles shrugged as she stepped off the end of the bridge and began to walk the tree line and jutting rocks around them, looking for a path. \"Feed them an intern or two and they won't mind decking your halls with body parts here and there.\" She paused, reaching up. \"Tom… Can you reach that?\" she asked, pointing up, just pass the skeleton where a wad of material was entangled in some vines and something… odd looking for their jungle surroundings. Perfect Tommy frowned. \"Do I have to?\" One look from the girl, and he sighed. Standing on his toes, he reached up over her head. He squeezed his eyes close and made a face when his elbow bumped the rib cage out of the way. \"Ew, ew, ew…\" he complained, but managed to get his fingers around a strip of the material and yanked. \"Ew, ew, ew…\" he continued, dropping it just as quick as he could in Knuckles waiting hands. \"You are such a city boy.\" she accused with a chuckle. \"You say that like it's a bad thing.\" \"SS.\" Knuckles mumbled as she turned the cloth in her hands. \"Social Services? You telling me the kids are on welfare? In the system? Damn the modern foster care!\" Perfect Tommy slammed his fist in the palm of his hand. \"She's saying they're Nazis.\" Rawhide answered as he stepped off the bridge just behind Buckaroo. Knuckles handed him the badge before turning her attention to the rock wall around them. \"Ah.\" Tommy held up a hand. \"So, explains the blond, blue eyes, and homicidal tenancies. But, umm, don't they look pretty good for WWII vets?\" \"There are some beliefs that eating human flesh can keep you ageless… or practically so.\" Buckaroo offered. \"Like vampires?\" Tommy asked. \"Explains why this fella's hanging from the rafters.\" \"Maybe. Or maybe that is.\" Buckaroo leaned over the edge. \"Is that a plane down there?\" His three Cavaliers looked over the edge. On the opposite side of the canyon, jutting out of the rocks as if the land had grown around it, was a broken propeller, a plane seat, a wheel, and other bits of smashed and scattered remains of an age old air craft. \"Nooo, that is not a plane.\" Perfect Tommy observed. \"That is parts of a plane.\" Knuckles crouched down and leaned a little further out until Rawhide grabbed the collar of her coat to anchor her. \"I don't think anyone survived that. Bits and pieces are scattered from here to forever.\" Rawhide agreed. \"Came in hard and fast. Maybe shot down. Maybe brought down by a storm like we were.\" \"Maybe the little buggers ate their pilot.\" Perfect Tommy suggested. Rawhide looked at Tommy. \"Any other day, on any other island, and I would bop you in the head…\" Something hit the toe of Knuckles' boot. Frowning, she looked down to discover a little hand wrapped around the end of her boot. \"What the hell…\" she started, but stopped when another little hand reached up from below the edge and grabbed the front of her coat. Suddenly, Knuckles was yanked off the edge. \"Rawhide, hold her!\" Buckaroo yelled, leaping for Knuckles, but he was cut off by a child jumping up. Crouching down like a tiger, a jagged knife in each hand, the child bared his blood stained teeth in a snarl at the doctor. \"Son of a…\" Rawhide was jerked forward, almost loosing his footing as Knuckles' entire weight was suddenly hanging from his one handed hold on her coat. Digging in his heals, he tried to wrap his free arm around her and pull her back. But a little blond boy leaped up to where Knuckles' feet used to be and swung a knife at Rawhide, cutting through the glove along the back of his hand. Rawhide cursed, almost losing his grip. \"Hey!\" Perfect Tommy shouted, grabbing the boy by the shoulder and throwing him back against the edge of the bridge and away for Rawhide and Knuckles. Shaking his finger at him, the Cavalier told the little attacker \"That's not playing nice!\" The boy's response was a snarl and jab with his knife, which Perfect Tommy easily danced away from. Buckaroo quickly freed the dart pistol and aimed it at his small attacker. \"Back off!\" he ordered, hoping that, despite it all, the kid would obey. Instead, he leaped at the doctor, swinging his arms in a scissor like attack, aiming the knives at either side of Buckaroo's knees. Buckaroo stepped back, firing his weapon. The dart hit him in the chest, slamming him back a step, stopping his attack in mid swing. Confused, he looked down at the dart. Dropping one of his weapons, he reached up and pulled the missile from his chest and held it up for a good look. After a moment, he tossed it over the edge as if it had been nothing more than an irritation, and turned his full attention back to the doctor. \"Deuces…\" Buckaroo hissed. Rawhide dropped to his knees, trying to get leverage to pull Knuckles back up. But the girl was kicking and fighting with the attackers that dangled from her legs. He could feel her coat tarring as she swung. It wasn't designed for this type of abuse. As his shoulders began to burn, Rawhide had to admit that neither was he. \"Kick, girl, kick!\" he yelled. One little girl hung from the front of her coat, her little legs wrapped around one of Knuckles' thighs. She snapped her sharp little teeth at the Cavalier, trying to dig them into some flesh, but Knuckles kept smacking away her attacks. The boy dangling from her leg had pulled himself up just enough to get his teeth around the toe of her boot and was trying to gnaw through it. Another was braced against the wall of the cliff, tugging on their victim, trying to pull her down. \"Get off, you little brat!\" Knuckles screamed at them, doing her best to kick her legs. But there was too much weight hanging off of her, making it hard to move. Suddenly there was a boom. The little girl snapped back. Her attacks stopped and she starred up at Knuckles with big, blue eyes. A trail of blood rolled down her forehead, then she was falling away. Knuckles breath caught in her throat as she watched the child fall. Another shot and Buckaroo's attacker was falling over the edge too. \"Reno!\" Rawhide yelled for help as he felt the ground begin to slide under his knees. Reno raised his weapon as Buckaroo ran in front of him, then he stepped up to the edge again and took aim at one of the boys that had a hold on Knuckles' legs. Buckaroo dropped to the ground beside Rawhide. Laying on his belly, he reached over to grab Knuckles' shoulder. \"Give me your hand!\" \"Get the fuck off!\" Knuckles shouted, kicking with all her might, slamming the little gnawer against the rock wall. It was enough to dislodge him from her boot, but he just gripped the vines that grew up the cliff. It freed one of his hands to pull out his knife. Reno's toes hung over the edge as he aimed his rifle straight down. With an eerie calm, he squeezed the trigger, sending a large bullet straight down, through the top of the small boy's head, and out his chin. With only the slightest of adjustments, he fired again, sending the second boy falling to disappear somewhere in the debris and brush below. Rawhide glanced at the man, shocked, a little sick even, that he had just killed four small children. But then he had to turn back to Knuckles. \"Come on, girl. Help us out here.\" he growled. Grinding his teeth, he pulled. Knuckles reached up and grabbed Buckaroo's hand. Bracing her feet against the wall, she started to walk up the rock. Perfect Tommy continued to dance around his little attacker, avoiding the knife thrusts. \"Come on, you little bugger. Isn't it 'bout time you did that little disappearing thing, back into…\" The boy lunged at him. But, before he could reach his target, a shot sounded, slamming him forward to his knees, the front of his head exploding, showering Perfect Tommy in a spray of blood. Then he fell, face down at the Cavalier's feet. Perfect Tommy snapped back as if the bullet had hit him too. For a moment he just stood, staring at the child at his feet, unsure what had happened. Reno stepped up to his side and nudged the body with the toe of his boot. Then he looked up at his friend. \"You okay?\" he asked. Perfect Tommy turned his head to look at him as if seeing him for the first time. \"Ah'm… \" he started, but, with a dead child at his feet, a dead child's blood splattered across his face and hands, the question seemed the most absurd thing he had ever heard. And that absurdness pissed him off. \"What the fuck?!\" he suddenly roared, grabbing Reno by the shirt front, and spinning him around until he slammed him into a tree. \"What the fuck did you do? What the fuck is wrong with you? You just killed a kid!\" \"Perfect Tommy!\" Rawhide snapped, but he was too busy pulling Knuckles up to intervene. \"You son of a bitch!\" Perfect Tommy continued, nearly insane with rage and shock. \"You killed a kid! A little kid!\" Still calm, Reno answered \"He would have killed you.\" \"Ah don't give a shit! You don't hurt kids! You don't hit them! You don't beat them! You sure as hell don't shoot them!\" With every sentence, he slammed his friend against the tree. Reno reached up and grabbed Perfect Tommy's jaw, dragging his face close to his. \"I am not your father. These… things are not you. And you are not alone.\" he whispered. Perfect Tommy's jaw snapped shut and he stared at him until Rawhide grabbed his shoulder and jerked him back. \"That's enough! There is plenty enough to ruin this damn vacation without the two of you going at it!\" Rawhide snapped, giving each of them a glare. Looking them both over, satisfying himself that they were both alright… physically anyways… he ordered \"Tommy, see to Knuckles. Back on the move soon as she can pick up the trail.\" Perfect Tommy licked his lips, hesitating, but Knuckles called to him. She wanted him away from Reno just as much as Rawhide did. So, with a last glare at Reno, he turned and joined Buckaroo and Knuckles. Knuckles sat on the ground, her legs stretched out in front of her. Buckaroo crouched at her feet, making sure the only damage done was to her boot. When Tommy got close, Knuckles reached up and dragged him down to a crouch beside her. Her eyes darted over him, doing a quick inventory. \"Are you hurt?\" she wanted to know. Perfect Tommy shook his head. But the movement made him suddenly dizzy. Falling forward until he was on his knees, he dropped his head down on her shoulder and closed his eyes. Knuckles sighed. She laid her cheek on his head, taking a minute for just her and him. She couldn't help, even for just a breath, to think what she would be doing just right now if the blood had been his? Or if he had been bitten instead of Pecos? Or if he had gone over the edge? Or… \"Well, it's official.\" Buckaroo announced, giving her boot a swat. Shaking themselves out of their thoughts, Knuckles and Perfect Tommy looked at him. The doctor smiled. \"Soon as we get home… steel toed boots for everyone!\" Perfect Tommy's eye brows raised. \"Just incase we get ship wrecked on another not so deserted island filled with cannibal first graders?\" \"Ever seen a New York Grammar school?\" Knuckles wondered. Buckaroo chuckled. Digging into his coat, he produced a camouflage handkerchief and soaked it with water from his canteen. \"Knuckles, better find our path.\" he advised, handing the wet cloth to Tommy. Rising to his feet, he offered his hands down to her and pulled her up. Knuckles hesitated, giving Perfect Tommy a glance. \"I'll stay with him.\" Buckaroo promised. With a sigh and a nod, Knuckles stepped pass him and joined Rawhide. The big cowboy was just sending Reno back across the bridge. \"He okay?\" Knuckles wondered. Rawhide shook his head, but said \"He'll be fine when he gets Pecos back home.\" He adjusted his Stetson before looking at the girl. \"I sent him to set some charges along the bridge. 'Case our way back is a bit more hurried than we'd like.\" He gave her the once over, before getting down to business. \"Please tell me that our next step isn't down that cliff.\" Knuckles took a moment to look around their surroundings. \"There's a path to the left of Von Skinny there.\" She waved a hand at the hanging skeleton. \"Tree line shows it leads up a ways but then levels off. Leveling off means habitats. I'm thinking these critters were some sort of perimeter guard. Might be a couple of more, but I don't think they're really worried about us attacking them.\" \" What are the chances that the whole habitat wasn't put on its heals by the gun fire?\" \" If they're listening, they heard.\" The trail lead up the east side of the mountain to the very top of the island where they found a small, shallow valley. The valley walls were spotted with large boulders, thorny vines, and smoldering chunks of plane parts. On the most northern side, at the highest point, was one single hut. The floor of the valley was blackened as if all life had been burned away. At the center was a large bonfire. And dancing and playing around the fire, their little feet kicking up the ashes and sparks, were hundreds of blond, light eyed children. \" Ah'm feelin' just a bit out numbered here.\" Perfect Tommy mumbled. \"Out numbered, out gunned, out blond…\" \" We get it.\" Knuckles growled. \"More of them than us. We knew that before we headed out.\" \" Yea, well knowin' an' seein'…\" Tommy let the sentence die. Buckaroo's head raised, sniffing at the air. \"Smells like fuel and… and…\" \" Burnt flesh.\" Reno breathed. \"The ground's still burning here. The plane parts… like it hit here yesterday…\" \"' Cept for the unburned, little hut and the unburned murderous horde of children.\" Tommy pointed out. Rawhide pushed back his Stetson. \"You'd think it'd be pretty damn easy to pick out a pair of full grown brunettes in a crowd of half pint blonds.\" \" You'd think.\" Buckaroo agreed. \" Well, maybe they're not down there.\" Reno snapped. \"Maybe they're not even here! Maybe we dillydallied around so long they're already dead and we should just run on down there and start blowing the crap out of anything and everything that moves!\" Saying the last, he hiked his rifle to his shoulder and took aim at the crowd of children below. \" Reno, wait!\" Buckaroo grabbed the rifle's trigger guard, keeping him from firing. \"Look at me!\" he ordered. Reno's dark eyes snapped about to glare at him. His teeth ground together as if it took every bit of will he had not to simply beat Buckaroo out of his way. But Buckaroo pushed the barrel down until it was pointing at the ground. He stepped close so that he was a mere breath from his Cavalier. \"Don't give up on her. Don't give up on hope. When there is nothing more in the world to hang on to, you have to hang on to hope. You have to!\" Reno's eyes narrowed. \"Buckaroo,\" he whispered, \"you know how when Peggy is warm and safe and, even if you don't know it… you know it? You could have half the world of bad asses wailing away on you, but you know it. You feel it. You feel warm and safe right there with her.\" He tilted his head to one side. \"You know what I feel? I feel cold, empty… She isn't there. She isn't here. Whatever we find, it won't be her warm and safe. It won't be Pecos.\" Rawhide leaned in and asked \"'Fore we come to any conclusions like that, think we might ask that young gal a question or two?\" He nodded pass them. A woman in a long, flowing, white gown had stepped out of the hut. She was a beautiful, elegant, white silhouette, long blond hair framing her like a glowing aura. All she needed was a pair of white feathered wings, and the rescue party could have believed she was an angel. But then her head turned and she looked directly at them. Even from that distance they could see her gray eyes sparkle, her blue lips smile. Each one of the Cavaliers froze where they were, their chests tightening in sudden fear, as if she had reached into their ribcages and grabbed their hearts in her icy cold fingers. No one tried to hide or get out of sight. They simply didn't move, didn't even breath. Even their thoughts had frozen. And then she looked away. Her gown flowing about her legs, she seemingly floated down the valley wall, descending upon the bonfire like a god descending on a summons. \" Holy crap in a hand bag.\" Knuckles breathed, shattering the silence. \" Anyone else have the sudden urge to hike up their skirts and run off into the woods, screaming like some b-movie prom queen being chased by a hockey masked mad man swinging her football captain boyfriend's severed head, her virgin white panties still in his teeth?\" Perfect Tommy wondered in a hushed tone. Rawhide turned and glared at him. \"You couldn't just say you were scared?\" Perfect Tommy shook his head. \"No. No, sir, scared did not cover that!\" \" Focus, people.\" Buckaroo growled more at himself than the others. \"What's the chances our full grown brunettes would be in the same place the only other full grown on this damn island came from?\" \" That's the destination, boys and girls.\" Rawhide called the team to attention. \"Stay together. Stay with the team.\" He said the last with a pointed look at Reno. The hut was made of slim branches with a straw thatched roof. There was only one opening, a doorway facing down into the valley. Shallow steps lead the way down to the bonfire, carved out of stone and dirt. Smoking chunks of fuselage stood on either side of the steps just a few feet from the doorway like a pair of sentinels. Rawhide ducked behind one of the sentinels, nodded to Reno to do the same. If Pecos was in that hut, he didn't want Reno to be the first to see. After all, no guards. What shape were prisoners in when they no longer needed guards? But Reno ignored him, pressing his back to the wall of the hut and peering in. Grinding his teeth, Rawhide jerked his head to Knuckles, sending her to the other sentinel instead. Buckaroo followed close behind Reno, the dart pistol at the ready. Perfect Tommy came in last. The three men stopped for a moment, letting their eyes adjust to the darkness of the hut. Everything was shadow. The shadow of the walls. The shadow of the three men standing in the doorway. The shadow of the cot. The shadow of the small form lying on it. Reno was the first to move, taking four quick steps to the foot of the cot. Despite his gut feeling, his empty heart, he couldn't help but hope just a little. \"Pecos…\" he started, but stopped cold. Seeing every muscle in the man go ridged, Buckaroo's heart sank. \"Pecos.\" he whispered her name, feeling a little of what Reno felt: she was gone from them. They had lost a Cavalier. Taking a deep breath, steeling himself away for what might be waiting, Buckaroo Banzai stepped up to the side of the cot. It wasn't what he had expected. At first glance he had thought it was one of the children. Surely it wasn't long enough to be a full grown human… Then his gut flipped and he couldn't breath. He laid there, blinking up at the thatched roof, his pale lips moving but producing no sound. One arm was laid out beside him, fingers stretched out so ridged that they were tilted back. His other arm…. There was no other arm. His right sleeve was torn up the seam to the shoulder and laid open. But there was no arm below the shoulder socket. His pant legs were laid open. His legs were gone below the knees. Stitched over each amputation was a tan, leather patch. \" Is that pig skin?\" Reno asked in an emotionless tone. \" Ah'm gonna be sick.\" Perfect Tommy suddenly turned and fled the hut. Buckaroo looked up at Reno. He opened his mouth to say something, anything… but nothing came out. What the hell was there to say?! Swallowing down his own bile, he turned back to the cot and his friend. He laid a hand on Jersey's cheek. \"Hey, Sid. Can you hear me?\" he called softly. His eyes shifted sharply, snapping to Buckaroo. Though they looked up at him, they were cloudy, unfocused. \"P…p… please…\" he struggled to speak. \"Please… let her go.\" Reno's head snapped up. \"Her?\" \" Sid, it's me. It's Buckaroo. You're safe now.\" Buckaroo tried to sooth. \"I'm gonna take you home.\" His brow scrunched up. \"Buck… Buckaroo…?\" Jersey gasped. \" I'm here, buddy.\" But Reno stepped up to the side of the cot and demanded \"What did he mean her? Is he talking about Pecos?\" Jersey flinched. \"Pecos… please… get her away… save her… forgive her…\" Reno stiffened. \"Forgive?\" he repeated. \"Forgive her for what?\" Buckaroo let his gaze drift down Jersey's body, stopping at where his legs ended. In a flash he was struck with images of pulling the bullet out of Mrs. Johnson's body. \"Sid…\" Closing his eyes, he prayed he was wrong. \"Sid, did Pecos do this?\" Jersey's eyes closed. \"Please!…. She didn't mean to hurt me… she didn't mean to hurt anyone… Please… save her…\" he cried softly. Buckaroo looked up at Reno sharply, hoping that he would tell him that he was wrong, that Sid was just confused, that… Did Pecos do this to him? Reno Nevada stared back at him for a breath, then turned on his heal and walked out of the hut. Knuckles' head snapped about when she heard the sudden shuffling of feet coming out of the hut. Perfect Tommy stared at her for half a breath, before tarring his eyes away. He was so pale. His breath came in quick, struggled gasps. His knees tremble so that he had to grab the hut to stay upright. Knuckles had never seen anything that scared as much as he did right then. Quickly rising up out of her cover, she started for him, her hand held out. \"Tom? Tom, what's wrong?\" But he held his own hand up, stopping her. Sliding around the corner of the hut, he bent over and gagged. Rawhide looked away from his post when Knuckles' spoke. When he spotted Perfect Tommy, he also came to his feet. \"Knuckles.\" he called, taking her arm and stopping her advance. \"Keep an eye on the party.\" He nodded back to the crowd around the bonfire below. She glanced up at him. Then, with another glance at Tommy, she sank back down at her post, and turned back. With nothing in his belly to give up, Perfect Tommy gagged until he was dizzy and had to sit down. Closing his eyes, he leaned back against the hut, and struggled to breath. Rawhide crouched down beside him. \"Hey, kid.\" he whispered. Reaching out, he laid a hand over his heart. It felt as if it would beat right out of the kid's chest. His breathing wasn't much better. Rawhide moved his hand to the back of Tommy's neck. \"Slow it down, Tommy. Slow, deep breaths.\" he encouraged. For a moment, Perfect Tommy said nothing as he struggled to control his breathing. He could hear Rawhide encouraging him, but his words didn't make any sense. All he could think about, all he saw was Jersey… what was left of him… Blinking tears, Tommy finally looked up at him. \"They… they cut him, Rawhide.\" Rawhide's fingers stiffened on his neck. There was only one `he' Tommy could be talking about. But he needed to hear Tommy say it. Tommy needed to say it. \"Who?\" But it was Reno who answered. Standing against the hut just behind Rawhide, he said in dead voice \"Pecos cut Jersey up.\" \" What?\" Rawhide looked up at him sharply. \"Cut him up how?\" \" His… his legs… his arm…\" Tommy shook his head, squeezing his eyes close. Knuckles couldn't ignore that. \"What the fuck…?\" she demanded. Rawhide slowly stood. \"Knuckles, take care of them.\" he ordered, knowing only an order would keep her focused… he hoped. \"Reno, keep watch.\" Then he stepped away and into the hut. Reno looked down at Perfect Tommy. He patted his shoulder. \"It's alright, kid.\" he offered. Tommy just dragged his knees to his chest and buried his face in his hands. Reno didn't blink. He turned and stepped up behind the chunk of fuselage that had been Rawhide's post. Knuckles stared at him from her post. \"Reno…\" she started, but stopped when she realized she might not actually want any answers. But Rawhide had told her to take care of them. And that meant she needed to know. She needed to know. Licking her lips, she started again \"Is he… alive?\" Reno chuckled. \"Guess that's a matter of opinion.\" Knuckles' blinked. Did he just laugh? Reno glanced at her, then quickly turned his attention to the bonfire. \"Tommy needs you.\" he told her as he lifted his rifle to his shoulder and took a bead on one of the many little figures below. For a moment Knuckles continued to stare at him. But then she looked for Perfect Tommy. \"Tom.\" she whispered. Scrambling across the ground to his side, she laid her gun down. \"Tom, look at me.\" she breathed. When he didn't move, she cupped his head in her hands and turned his face up to look at her. \"Tommy!\" He blinked once, blinked again, then suddenly threw his arms around her waist and hugged her for all he was worth. Not knowing what else to do, she hugged him back. Reno watched the children play and dance, seemingly oblivious that they were even there. Any other day, any other island, any other life, and they just looked like a bunch of happy kids, just playing around the camp fire. Yea, just instead of Smores, they were roasting themselves some juicy slices of New Jersey. He looked back at Knuckles, but she was whispering to Tommy, their heads together. That was alright. That was how it should be. It was good that they took care of each other. They were there for each other. That they had each other. If he had been there for Pecos, if he had stayed at her side, if he had taken care of her… Tightening his grip on his rifle, Reno looked down again. Anger, rage, fury burned in his chest, raced through his body., filling all the empty spaces that losing her, losing the woman he loved more than very existence, had left. He was going to kill them. He was going to kill every one of those little Nazi bastards. But then there was her. The woman stood at the foot of the steps, her back to the fire, gazing up at him, her arms held out as if welcoming him to the festivities. Reno rubbed his eyes. But when he looked again, she was still there, gazing up at him, smiling. Smiling! The bitch was smiling! His family was in ruins! Little Mrs. Johnson shot to hell. Tommy Boy all busted up. Jersey nothing more than a big stump. Pecos… Even if she was alive, he knew she could never live with what she had done. Not that she could possible be alive doing those things. Her heart, her mind, her soul… She would never have survived doing those things. And that woman stood there smiling at him! Standing, he moved out onto the top step. Hiking his rifle up again, he took bead on the woman. He'd shoot that damn smile right off her face. She dropped her arms as she turned away, back to the fire. It was then, in a glimpse, he saw her. Pecos! Still in the flowered night gown Peggy had dressed her in, her hair matted with twigs, her feet bare and dirty, was Pecos, dancing among the children. Reno stopped breathing, his rifle lowering. Pecos! His beautiful Pecos! But he shook his head angrily. No, not his Pecos! That wasn't her! The front of her gown was red with blood, her hands stained with it. Clutched in one hand was a strip of dripping meat… not meat! Meat indicates something that was meant to be eaten! That wasn't meat! That was human! Man! And Pecos held it to her bloody lips, and tore it apart with her teeth, splattering her cheeks, dripping down her chin. No, not his Pecos. Reno blinked, surprised that his anger was suddenly gone. As if the world around them was suddenly gone, he set his rifle down on the ground and started down the steps toward Pecos and the children dancing around her. Perfect Tommy pulled away from Knuckles and leaned back against the hut again. \"Ah'm okay.\" he mumbled. \" Yea?\" Knuckles leaned back on her heals and crossed her arms over her knees. \"That's great. 'Cause I'm totally screwed up.\" He looked at her. At first he thought she was joking, but those green eyes were glistening, her jaw line hard and set as she concentrated on keeping her fear from showing. He shook his head. \"Ah don't think ah can do this, Knuckles. Ah mean… what they did to Jersey… who'd he ever hurt? If there's a god, than why ain't he taken out me? Or even you? Or Reno? We've done a hell of a lot of bad things in our time. But the doc?\" He shook his head again. \"Jersey's a damn saint!\" \" Don't think it has anything to do with saints and devils.\" Knuckles tried. But Perfect Tommy kept working his own theory. \"Maybe we're all already dead an' this is like purgatory. This is how they sort the saints from the sinners. You know, they take the good guys first so's they don't have to suffer this hell any longer than they have to.\" \" That's a theory.\" Knuckles answered, nodding slightly. \"But we're not dead. And we're not going to die here on this little dirt clod of an island.\" \" Yea?\" Tommy sighed heavily. \"How do you know?\" \"' Cause of Oddity.\" Tommy frowned. \"Oddity?\" Knuckles nodded. \"I don't let fleas at him. No way in hell… or purgatory… am I gonna let that dog get eaten by a pack of cannibal Nazis.\" The Cavalier stared at her for a moment, then chuckled. \"Yea, ah can see you fighting all the demons in hell for that mutt.\" \" He's not a mutt.\" Tommy bounced his head up and down. \"Pure bred silver Austrian Shepard.\" \" Damn straight.\" Knuckles licked her lips. \"You remember, hold on to it, that, long as we're alive, we always have a fighting chance. You don't give up on Jersey, or us, or Oddity. We're still alive. In fact…\" She spat in her hand and held it out to him. \"Make a pact right here and now: whatever happens, no way in hell we let Oddity, or Jersey, die on this island!\" Perfect Tommy stared at her hand. \"That's disgusting.\" he pointed out. Knuckles smiled, genuinely relieved to see a little of the panic fade and the return of his usual spunk. \"Shake! Seal the pact!\" Giving an exaggerated sigh, he spat in his own hand, then, with a wince, gripped her hand. But Knuckles used the hold to pull him close. \"Tommy, just so you know, I do love you.\" Perfect Tommy smiled. \"Ah know.\" \" We okay, kids?\" Rawhide asked. The two looked up to see a notably paler Rawhide, his ever present Stetson cowboy hat in his hand instead of on his head. \" No, but ah guess we don't have much of a say in it all.\" Tommy answered for them. \"' Suppose not.\" Rawhide agreed. \"Perfect Tommy, you gonna be alright to help Buckaroo with Jersey?\" he asked, offering his hand down to the kid. On his feet, Tommy took a deep breath and let it out slowly. \"Yea.\" he said softly. Swallowing hard, he tried to sound more sure of himself when he said again \"Yea. Yea, ah can do it.\" Rawhide nodded. \"Just remember: they need you. Focus on that. Pack them up and head for the bridge. We'll be right behind you.\" With a last glance at Knuckles, stealing what strength he could from her, he made a dive for the doorway before he could change his mind. With him gone, Rawhide looked around. \"Where's Reno?\" he asked when he couldn't spot his Cavalier right off. Knuckles rose up and spun about. \"Crap.\" she hissed. Taking the few steps back to the fuselage, she picked up Reno's abandon rifle. Coming up behind her, Rawhide pointed out \"That boy wouldn't put that gun down for nothing.\" \" He didn't. Look.\" Knuckles pointed. Below, stepping off the last step, was Reno. And beyond him was Pecos dancing and twirling in the light of the fire, completely oblivious to her lover's approach. In fact, no one seemed to notice him. Not the blond woman who continued to weave about her children. Not the children who danced and twirled around the fire. \" What the hell does he think he's doing?!\" Rawhide growled, but when Knuckles started after him, Rawhide grabbed her arm, stopping her. As if in a trance, Reno Nevada's eyes never left Pecos as he walked toward her. After all, what else was there? The whole world consisted of her and him. When he got close enough, he called to her softly \"Pecos?\" She stopped her dancing and turned to face him, slow and easy as if she had been expecting him. Grinning, she exposed her sharp, blood stained teeth. He smiled down at her. Reaching out, he wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her close to him. Leaning down, he whispered in her ear \"You know, I loved you the minute you dropped your duffle on World Watch One and stuck your gum on the door.\" He kissed her ear. \"And I'll love you right on through eternity.\" Holding her close with one hand, the other came about with a long bladed knife. He struck with absolute precision, driving the knife up, at an angle, through her ribs, piercing through her right lung, and slicing her heart in half. Her back arched suddenly, her eyes going wide, and, for two seconds, she was dying. But then her arms fell, dangling at her sides, and she slumped against Reno. Quickly wrapping both arms around her, Reno held on with every ounce of strength he had. Burying his face in her hair, he closed his eyes and let the world fade away. Like a thunder clap, every child in the valley stopped and stared at the scene of the two lovers. Then, like a pack of wolves, they began to creep toward him, snarling. As knives were drawn, they picked up speed. With in a breath, they had reached him, swarming over Reno, stabbing, biting, clawing, until the Cavalier disappeared under them.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three Knuckles stopped breathing. She didn't know what was more shocking: Reno killing Pecos; or Reno dying so quickly, so silently, so willingly. \"Knuckles…\" someone was saying, but she just couldn't hear any more. Her friends… Reno always as ready to laugh as he was to fight or raise a mug of beer. Pecos, the best of sparing partners, quick and mean, and never taking anything personal… Her friends were dead. Like Romeo and Juliet, ultimate lovers to the end. Rawhide grabbed Knuckles' arm and threw her back against the hut. \"Knuckles! Move!\" he snapped at her. Stunned, the girl stared at him with big eyes. But then she saw the movement behind him, at the base of the steps. Leaving behind the shredded remains of the Cavaliers, the children turned their attention up… Up to them. Bringing Reno's rifle up to his shoulder, Rawhide fired, hitting the ground at the feet of the approaching children. \"Damn.\" he growled at himself. He had just watched the little bastards tare his friends to pieces, and he still couldn't bring himself to shoot a child. \"Saddle up, girl! Get the boys moving. Cover their asses!\" Shaking her head clear, Knuckles spun about, spotting the two men, already on their way down the path. They carried a makeshift stretcher between them, the doctor in the lead, Perfect Tommy carrying the end. Hurrying after, she encouraged \"Double time it, boys!\" To make their need clear, Knuckles fired her Starr, sending a little blond cannibal falling from the tree branches just ahead of Buckaroo. Rawhide moved slower, backing up as he watched the wave slowly climb the steps toward them. They snarled and chattered at him, snapping their teeth as they came closer. Little hands gripped jagged knives, arms, legs, chests, faces all splattered with blood. There were a couple who still clutched shredded flesh, whether from Reno or Pecos or Jersey… Rawhide didn't want to know. Bringing the rifle to his shoulder again, the big man whispered, begged \"Please turn back. Please don't make me do this.\" But they kept coming. Hunger in their eyes, growling with an inhuman blood lust, they kept coming. Closing his eyes, Rawhide made himself squeeze the trigger. Almost startled by the kick against his shoulder, his eyes snapped open in time to see what he had done. The nearest child fell back, tumbling into his followers, knocking several of them back and down the steps. Like an avalanche, one falling child slammed into another, who, in turn, knocked into another. With in a breath, the advancement was stopped by stumbling and tumbling chaos. \"Rawhide!\" Knuckles called as she fired again, knocking out of the air a little girl who had thrown herself at Rawhide's back. \"Damn, damn, damn.\" Rawhide cursed, before spinning about and taking chase. \"Run, run, run!\" he yelled at those in front of him. They were coming out of the trees now, hurrying to cut him off from the others. Like pack hunters, they were cutting the herd. But Knuckles stood at the top of the path, her twin Starr revolvers bucking in her hands, clearing his path of escape, like some scene out of an old Spaghetti Western. \"Left!\" Rawhide called, taking aim, and shooting a child in the leg as he lunged at Knuckles from the side. As ordered, Knuckles turned to her left, firing. Rawhide tapped her shoulder as he passed, letting her know to move. \"Let's go.\" \"Rawhide!\" came a yell from Buckaroo. Spinning, the cowboy brought the rifle to his shoulder and fired, hitting one of the two attackers that blocked the doctor's path. Hands busy with the stretcher, Buckaroo Banzai kicked, sending the other slamming into a tree. \"Tommy, brace yourself!\" he called over his shoulder. \"What? What are you…\" Buckaroo threw his end of the stretcher up, slamming Tommy's end back against the youngest Cavalier. Hands free, Buckaroo spun about. His fist caught a little attacker in the jaw, sending him back into the brush, his boot caught another in the stomach, before spinning back in place in time to catch the stretcher. \"Man!\" Perfect Tommy yelled at him. \"Do not do that again!\" \"Keep it moving!\" Knuckles snapped at both of them as she took the lead, clearing their path. \"Do not stop. Do not pass on go. Leave the hitting and kicking and shooting to Rawhide and me. You two… get Jersey home.\" She paused long enough to glance at Tommy. \"Don't forget: you made a pact!\" That said, she turned back to the path ahead. Grinding his teeth, Perfect Tommy hiked his grip on the stretcher. \"You heard the insane, little bounty hunter. Keep it moving!\" They were just coming down the last incline to the landing at the end of the bridge, when Rawhide was hit from the side, a sharp little knife hitting him in the calf. \"Goddamn!\" he cussed, his wounded leg going out from under him, sending rocks rolling down the sloop under Perfect Tommy's feet. One foot slipping on the wet, loose rocks, Perfect Tommy fell, his shoulder hitting a tree. The tree saved him from hitting the ground, but, still, Buckaroo had to struggle to keep the stretcher up right. \"Knuckles!\" Buckaroo shouted. The girl back handed the little cannibal that she had been struggling with, sending him rolling down the path in front of them and off of the landing. Spinning about, she ran back up, shouting \"Down!\" \"Tommy!\" Buckaroo warned as he dropped to one knee. Perfect Tommy dropped down and, resting the stretcher on his knee, bent over, shielding Jersey. Knuckles fired her Starrs simultaneously as she ran. One bullet slammed in to the boy taking another swing at Rawhide's leg. The other bullet struck another in the shoulder just as he was leaping at Perfect Tommy. Dropping her empty guns back in their holsters, she asked almost calmly \"May I?\" as she passed Perfect Tommy. Stretcher still on his knee, Tommy used his free hands to draw his pistols and hold them up for her. In fluid movement, Knuckles spun, taking the guns from his hands, and coming around again to fire two more times, killing two more attackers charging Rawhide. \"Happy to cover your ass all day, Cowboy, but the boys are eager to be on their way.\" she advised coming to stand over him. Just incase they didn't get her point, she threw the boys a glare. \"We're moving.\" Buckaroo assured, once more lifting up the stretcher. \"Watch the edge of the landing.\" Rawhide warned. He grabbed the back of Knuckles coat and pulled himself up. \"Keep moving, girl.\" \"Yea, well, soon as you get your ol' butt…\" Knuckles was suddenly ripped out of his grip and slammed head first into a tree. Her world exploded in bright lights, falling to her knees in the mud. Her attackers, a pair of boys hanging from the branches above them, had grabbed her by her braids and yanked. As soon as she hit the ground, they were jumping down on top of her, pinning her. Then they were swarming from the trees again. Ignoring Rawhide, they went after the fallen Cavalier from all directions, baring her in a pile of little bodies, snapping teeth, and jabbing knives. In a breath, the only part of Knuckles left visible was a kicking foot which a near toddler was doing her very best to catch with a jagged, chipped blade. Shocked, stunned at the sudden attack, Rawhide found himself standing in the middle of the path, starring. It was almost as if he was standing at the top of the steps again, watching Reno go down. But, then, he heard a scream, barely recognizable under the swarm. \"Son of a bitch!\" He snapped into action. Whipping Reno's rifle about in his hands, he held it by the barrel and swung, clubbing the children off of Knuckles. \"Get the hell off of her!\" he roared, snatching one up and throwing him back off of his Cavalier. \"Fight, girl, fight!\" He was making progress. He could see her now: Bleeding head with some little punk chewing on a braid as if it might give her some nourishment; Right hand, fingers still tightly wrapped around Perfect Tommy's gun; her stomach, shirt torn, bloody cuts across tan skin. Then he jumped back as a gun went off somewhere under the pile. One hand finally free, Knuckles brought a revolver around and fired at the little attacker that laid on her chest, his face buried under her chin. She cried out as the muzzle flash was close enough to burn her own skin. But, gritting her teeth, she fired again, finally dislodging him enough for her to kick out from under him. Rawhide kicked at one who was trying to crawl back to the girl's legs. He swung his club, smashing the head of another. With an animal like roar, Rawhide clutched the rifle barrel with both hands, he took a running step back up the trail before stopping himself. Again, standing shocked, stunned, he watched as the children retreated. Practically ignoring him, they left Knuckles on the ground and disappeared back into the trees and underbrush. He didn't understand. They could have had them. Right then and there if only they had pressed their attack. But they retreated? \"Crap!\" Knuckles screamed after them. \"Crap, you little bastards! Crap!\" Still holding the rifle up and at the ready, Rawhide stepped back. \"You alright, girl?\" he asked. Knuckles clawed at a tree root, dragging herself to her knees. Her entire body was on fire from what seemed like hundreds of cuts and scrapes and… Her left hand went to her throat, covering the ripped flesh. She could feel her pulse, pumping frantically, flushing her system with the poison from the little teeth. She stopped breathing. Oh, crap. It bit her. Bit her throat, punctured a main artery. Not enough to cause immediate bleeding out, but enough to send the damn poison straight to heart and, from there, her mind and body. She could feel it already, feel it burning through her veins like acid. Her chest tightened. Her skin felt sticky. Her eyes felt as if they were slowly imploding. Suddenly, she was hungry. A hungry so desperate she couldn't fathom it. Knuckles squeezed her eyes close, trying to push it all away. \"Knuckles!\" Rawhide snapped, demanding a response. \"Can you move? Did they bite you?\" Grinding her teeth, she opened her eyes again. Scooping up Tommy's revolvers, she forced herself to her feet. \"Lets… move…\" she growled, stumbling down the path. Slinging Reno's rifle in the loop of his pack, Rawhide drew his long muzzled .38 Magnum, and followed her. Oddity started to wine, scratching at the door. Tommy Boy looked up from where she was strapping the last wire down under the control panel. \"Oddity?\" The dog glanced back at her and barked. Grabbing the pistol that laid at the ready, Tommy Boy limped to the door and peered out the window. Though the sky was still dark with storm clouds, the wind was gone, and the rain was more of a thick mist. The field around them was a lush green, Perfect Tommy's tools still spotting the ground. The tree line was tall, dark, foreboding. But Tommy Boy didn't see anything that might have alerted the dog. Then again, seeing and being didn't always fall into the same category. Particularly here abouts. Leaning her shoulder against the wall, for balance, she reached down with her empty hand and scratched his head. \"Getting antsy, fella?\" she wondered… she hoped. Not that she could blame him. Right about then, she couldn't think of anything she would rather be doing than flying off of this damn island. Oh, yea, flying off this damn, fucking island with her family safe, sound, and intact. Oddity scratched at the door again, barking urgently at her. And, suddenly, Tommy Boy felt a block of ice drop to the pit of her gut. Knuckles. Oddity was freaking out. Oddity was ordered to stay and protect them. An order from Knuckles that he would never abandon. Oddity would starve himself, sitting there, protecting them, doing his beloved mistress' bidding. And now he was freaking out. Did dogs really know when they were needed? Did Oddity have some psychic link to his mistress? To Knuckles? \"Is everything alright?\" Peggy called as she stepped out of the infirmary to investigate the noise. Tommy Boy grabbed the dog's collar. \"Oddity. Stay. Guard.\" she ordered, hoping the animal would listen to her. \"Tommy Boy?\" As Peggy approached, she smiled over her shoulder. \"Everything's fine, Peggy.\" Tommy Boy lied. But, just incase… \"Peggy, set up a cot in the armory for Mrs. Johnson. When ready, I'll help you move her.\" Peggy stopped and looked at her for what seemed a long time. Then she swallowed hard. \"Yea. Okay.\" she whispered in reply. Spinning about, she ran off to get the job done. Tommy Boy sighed. Well, failed at not freaking her out. Failed miserably. Looking down at the dog, she tried to smile. \"Don't you worry, mutt. She's a tough girl.\" Hunger. She was so hungry. It wasn't just a want. Not just a need. It was her very existence. She wasn't just hungry. She was Hunger. \"No.\" Knuckles gasped, falling to her knees. Arms wrapping around her belly, she rolled forward on herself. \"No!\" she commanded herself. \"No, you can't.\" \"Knuckles?\" Rawhide called to her as he stood over her, guns at the ready. Oh, god… She could feel his heat, so warm and inviting. She could hear his heart pounding, mesmerizing her. She could smell his rich blood coursing through tender veins. She could taste his sweet flesh, so rich, juicy… Taking a shaky breath, Knuckles looked up. The bridge was three feet away. But, more importantly, she could see Perfect Tommy's back. They had reached the other side. They were safe. For now. Knuckles stiffened. They were safe… … as long as she couldn't reach them. Licking her lips, tasting her own blood, Knuckles said \"Rawhide, give me the ignition.\" Rawhide frowned. \"What?\" \"Give me the ignition for the charges.\" she repeated. \"Go across the bridge. I'll cover the rear.\" The big man shook his head. \"You're hurt. You go first.\" \"No.\" Knuckles shook her head. Rawhide took a moment to scan the trees again. Not one of the little bastards were in sight. But they could hear them. Chattering in the trees, almost like a rabid pack of squirrels gathering for the charge. Crouching down, Rawhide growled \"Get to your feet, girl, and cross that bridge. That is an order.\" But then she looked up at him. And Rawhide stopped breathing. The bite at her throat had stopped bleeding, the skin gray and dead. It seeped a clear, glistening ooze. She was pale, thin looking, like if he looked too hard, he could see right through her. \"Oh, god, Knuckles.\" He started to reach for her. Knuckles suddenly bared her teeth and snarled. But, just as suddenly, she slapped his hand away and scurried out of reach. \"Don't!\" she cried. \"Don't touch me!\" He just sat there, staring at her, his hand held out, asking her to come with him. The girl shook her head. \"Please…. You don't understand… I'm so…. Hungry.\" The last word came out as a snarl, and she couldn't help but lick her lips. \"I'm dangerous. I'll turn on you. All of you. Just like Pecos.\" \"It took hours for Pecos to turn.\" Rawhide reasoned. \"She was bitten in the hand.\" Knuckles pulled on her shirt front, making sure he could see her bite. \"This… this went straight through me. I can feel it!\" Again she shook her head, trying to reason herself. \"Rawhide, Pecos was a bitch of a fighter… I'm better. She took out half the crew. I will kill them all.\" Rawhide looked away. \"I'll carry you.\" he tried. He didn't look at her, because he knew the answer. \"Knock you out and carry you!\" \"If you do…\" She spoke very slowly, her voice trembling. \"If you do I will kill you. And I will kill the ones we love.\" She was pleading with him. \"Please… Rawhide, please…. Don't do that to me!\" He slammed his fist down in the dirt. \"I won't leave you here to die!\" he yelled. \"Rawhide, look at me.\" Ripping his Stetson from his head, he took a deep breath and forced his eyes up. \"I'm already dead.\" she whispered. Finally looking at her, seeing her, the same little fighter that butted in on the scene, guns a blazing, all mean and grit, just a few years ago… And he knew it was true. \"Goddamn it, Knuckles… Jessica.\" He stopped himself. Forcing himself to control his breathing, he took off his pack and started to reload the rifles and hand guns, and laying them on the ground, close to her hands. \"Okay, remember your shots. Make them pay for every inch they take.\" he instructed her, struggling with every word. \"Don't give them anything. And don't take any crap.\" Done, he handed her the tiny switch box for the charges Reno had set on the bridge. Licking his lips, he dropped his eyes and asked \"Anything you want me to tell Tommy?\" Knuckles shrugged. \"He knows… just… just remind him… he made a pact. He even spit on it.\" Rawhide nodded once. He glanced back at the sounds coming from the trees. Little buggers were getting closer. He nodded again, and rose to his feet. Knuckles grabbed his hand. He looked down at her. \"I never had a captain after my father died.\" she admitted to him. \"Not 'til you.\" Rawhide squeezed his eyes closed, then opened them. Dipping down, he kissed her on the top of her head. Then he spun about and ran across the bridge. Knuckles wiped away her tears and took in a good, long breath, letting it out slowly. Scooting over until her back was against the bridge, she held the ignition box in one hand, and picked up Reno's rifle in the other. And then she looked up and saw the first of the blond haired, blue eyed cannibals easing down the path toward her. \"Come on, you little bastards.\" she growled. \"Lets do the whole blaze of glory crap.\" Buckaroo and Perfect Tommy had set the stretcher down just on the other side of the tree line. While Buckaroo busied himself with checking Jersey, Tommy paced the trail. Since Knuckles' had his guns, he was holding Buckaroo's Colt. Some where between watching for attack and nervously searching for their friends, Perfect Tommy ground his teeth together, wondering \"Where are they?\" \"They're coming.\" Buckaroo assured. Tommy glanced at him, wanting to demand just how in the hell he knew that. But then he saw Jersey and he was reminded of other concerns. \"How's he doing?\" The doctor sighed. \"Ask me when I get him into an ICU in the best damn hospital in the world…\" He stopped, looking up at his youngest Cavalier. \"He's wet and cold.\" he answered. Tommy nodded slightly. Tucking the gun into his belt, he pulled off his own coat and tossed it to Buckaroo. \"First order of any first aid: keeping him warm. Right?\" Buckaroo smiled. Kid always managed to amaze him. Taking the offered coat, he tucked it in around their wounded friend. Jersey's eyes fluttered open. \"Buckaroo.\" he rasped. Buckaroo tucked the hood around Sid's face, protecting him from the rain. \"I'm right here, Sid. We're almost home. You'll be safe and warm in no time.\" But he shook his head. \"No… no, she won't…\" He choked on his own words. \"Won't what?\" the doctor asked. Not that he really wanted to know, but Sidney was talking! Talking meant breathing. Breathing meant living. And living meant there was a chance. Chance. Hope! And, damn, they sure could use a little hope right about now. \"Katarina… she won't let us go.\" Jersey nearly sobbed, before turning his face into the hood, hiding. \"Katarina?\" Buckaroo mumbled. Must have been the woman they saw. What he would do for a moment sit down with her. \"Incoming.\" Perfect Tommy warned, drawing the gun again and taking aim. But it was Rawhide who came around the trees and into view. The big cowboy stopped, glancing at each of them, before ordering \"Get moving.\" he stepped pass Tommy and started up the path. Perfect Tommy waited, looking the way he had come. When he didn't see her, he asked \"Where's Knuckles?\" Rawhide looked at him. Sniffing, he put his Stetson on his head. \"She's not coming.\" he said, his tone void of emotion. Refusing to look at the boy, he focused on Buckaroo instead. Buckaroo frowned at him, then, understanding, he closed his eyes and dropped his head. \"What do you mean she's not coming?\" Tommy demanded. His mind worked furiously. Was she tracking? Off in the woods somewhere, making her own way? Catch up with them later? Meet them there? No, none of that made sense. Only thing that made sense was… Gun fire sounded. Tommy shook his head. \"You left her?!\" he cried. \"Perfect Tommy…\" Buckaroo started. But the boy was already running back. \"Tommy, stop!\" Rawhide yelled after him. Knowing words weren't going to do it, he took chase. Perfect Tommy was just reaching the bridge when Rawhide grabbed him from behind, jerking him off of his feet. \"Let go, damn it!\" Tommy screamed at him. \"They're gonna kill her!\" The bridge exploded in front of them, throwing them back into the bushes. Burning bits of rope and wood showered down on them. Rawhide wrapped himself around Tommy, protecting him from the blast and debris. But Perfect Tommy shoved him off. He scrambled to his feet and ran to the edge, where the bridge had once been. Across the canyon, he could see through the haze and smoke, Knuckles, sitting on the ground, firing guns from both hands, fighting to the last, until she disappeared under a mass of screaming little predators. Though they could still hear gun fire, they couldn't see her any more, and the shots were becoming more infrequent. \"Knuckles!\" Tommy screamed. \"Jessica! Get up! Run! Fight! Do something! Please!\" Rawhide climbed to his feet behind him. \"Tommy.\" He reached out and tried to grab his arm. \"Tommy, she's gone.\" But he yanked his arm away. \"No.\" Frantically he started to look for a way to climb down the canyon. \"I can reach her. I can bring her home. I can… I can…\" \"No, you can't!\" Rawhide snapped. This time, he grabbed him around the waist and lifted him up off of his feet. \"We have to go. We have to go now.\" \"No! Put me down!\" Perfect Tommy kicked and struggled until Rawhide finally dropped him on the ground beside Jersey's stretcher. \"You son of a bitch!\" Tommy yelled at him. \"You left her! You left her to die!\" he accused. Rawhide sighed. \"Mount up.\" he ordered. Tommy leaped to his feet. \"Go to hell!\" he snapped. \"You left her!\" The big man spun on him. \"And if we stand here and argue about it, she would have died for nothing!\" he snapped right back. Perfect Tommy doubled up his fists. But, before he could take a swing, Buckaroo grabbed his wrists. \"Tommy, we have to get Sid to the infirmary.\" he reminded the boy. He could carry Jersey by himself if he had to, but, if they were going to save Tommy too, he needed Tommy to help him. Distract him now. Deal with the damage later. Perfect Tommy glared at Rawhide another breath, before looking at Buckaroo Banzai. He struggled to fill his lungs, gasping instead. Wiping his eyes, he nodded once and grabbed his end of the stretcher. \"Peggy!\" Tommy Boy called. \"They're…\" She stopped. She was going to say that they were back. But, what came out of the trees, across the field with plenty of time for the last one of them to have come visible… Four. Only four. Coming up behind her, Peggy wondered \"Where are the others?\" As if he could hear, Rawhide glanced up at the window. Tommy Boy closed her eyes and answered \"They're not coming.\" \"They'll go back for them?\" The woman turned and looked at her friend. \"Peggy, they're not coming because there's nothing to go back for.\" That said, Tommy Boy made an escape down the stairs to open the door for them. She stood at the tree line, watching as the survivors boarded their vessel, barring the door behind them. She listened to each click and clank of each lock and bolt thrown into place to give themselves such a sense of security that only wishful thinking could allow. Of course they were only lying to themselves. The only safety here was with her. This was her world, her creation. Only she controlled the outcome. This was a place of her being, of her forever. And if they thought they would escape… Could escape… Katarina Himmer glanced down as her beautiful, sweet children rose up from the ground, seeped from the trees, appeared from the mist. All around her, hundreds, thousands Leban born souls, pure and perfect in all things. Their simple, sweet hunger… Yes. This was a place of her being. And this was a place that they would never, ever leave. \"Foot.\" Rawhide actually jumped. Spinning about, ready to fight, he stopped just short of throwing a punch at his very own Tommy Boy. Freezing in place, he frowned. \"Tommy Boy?\" he asked as if he wasn't really sure it was really her. She raised an eye brow at him. For a moment she wasn't sure if he was more surprised that there might have been a bad guy there or that there wasn't a bad guy there. Nodding to his fist, still held up and at the ready, she wondered \"You gonna throw that thing or put it away?\" Instantly his hands dropped to his sides. \"Sorry. Just…. I don't know. Little stressed, I guess.\" he admitted. If there was ever anyone he could show weakness to it was Tommy Boy. Even if she wasn't his any more. \"If only a little, than you're doing a hell of a lot better than the rest of us.\" she told him. Dropping into a chair, she laid a towel over her knee. \"Foot.\" \"What?\" \"You're bleeding all over the deck.\" Rawhide looked down. For a moment he was confused by the blood seeping from the cut on his calf, pouring into his boot, leaving a bloody boot print where ever his foot happen to have been. \"huh. Forgot about that.\" \"Yea, well, there's enough bleeding on this boat that someone's going to slip and fall.\" Tommy Boy complained. She patted her knee and looked at him expectantly. Too tired to fight any more, Rawhide leaned back against the consol, and put his boot on Tommy Boy's knee. Cutting open his pant leg, she cleaned the cut. \"You're gonna need stitches.\" she told him. \"Just wrap it up. I'll worry about the details when we're in the air.\" \"Stitches aren't details, Rawhide.\" Tommy Boy reprimanded. Rawhide huffed. \"Fine. You want to go drag Buckaroo away from Mrs. Johnson? Sure she doesn't mind bleeding to death while he puts a few threads through my leg. Could ask Peggy. She's just in getting Sid comfy. Hey, better yet, let's see if Sid feels up…\" Tommy Boy reached up and slapped him. Instantly, the man's jaw snapped shut and he stared at her with big eyes. She tilted her head to one side and asked \"You back?\" Running his toung around the inside of his offended cheek, Rawhide closed his eyes. Taking a breath, he finally said \"Yea.\" \"Yea?\" \"Yea.\" he growled, his eyes coming open to glare at her. \"I'm back.\" \"Good.\" She had already started wrapping his leg. She knew they didn't have time. Didn't mean that, once in the air, she wasn't going to sit on him until one of the medical types stitched up that gaping rip in his leg. Ah, and something else he was going to have to do once they were safe and sound in the air and a hell of a ways away from this chunk of hell… \"Eventually, you're gonna need to sit down and talk to him.\" she told him. Rawhide looked over her shoulder to where Perfect Tommy sat on the couch in the main room. The kid was in shock. He sat straight up, long legs just laid out before him. His eyes were locked on something somewhere far off that only he could focus on. Oddity laid across his lap, and both hands were buried in Oddity's thick fur, holding on as if he thought that the dog, too, was going to leave him. Rawhide shook his head. \"He hates me right now.\" he mumbled. He was surprised at how much that hurt. Perfect Tommy had always been his boy. Whatever form that relationship had taken over the years, and there had been some interesting forms, Rawhide had never expected Tommy to ever hate him. Tommy Boy wasn't sure what had happened to Knuckles. There hadn't been time for details. No time for details and stitches. Well, , she had gotten enough information, heard enough. And she could say one thing with absolute certainty: \"He doesn't hate you.\" Rawhide glanced at her with a skeptical look. Tommy Boy sighed. Tying off the bandage, she told him \"He's hurting and he's scared. But he doesn't hate you. He could never hate you. You're his rock, his anchor to sanity.\" \"Actually, last year or so, Knuckles was kinda filling that role.\" he admitted. He remembered actually being a bit jealous at one point. Remembered thinking what was he going to do now that Perfect Tommy had grown up and moved on? Tommy Boy grabbed Rawhide's shirt front and pulled his face down to her. \"She isn't here. You are. It isn't your fault. And he doesn't hate you.\" That said, she pushed him away and held out a hand, waiting for him to pull her to her feet. Rawhide took a deep breath and let it out slowly. \"Yea. Okay.\" Giving her a hand up, he told her \"You know, you make a pretty damn good rock slash anchor yourself.\" Tommy Boy couldn't help but miss what once was. But now… \"Yea, Thunder's mentioned that a time or two.\" she pointed out, reminding him that she wasn't his anymore. Rawhide tried to hide his flinch with a smile. It didn't work. So Tommy Boy pretended not to notice. \"Perfect Tommy and I'll be top side, making sure the propellers do their thing. You and Buckaroo will need to fly this critter.\" Rawhide nodded once. \"Aye, aye Captain.\" he mumbled and turned his attention to back to the window. The girl watched him for a moment, then turned to gather Tommy. Rawhide listened to her talking softly to Tommy, calling Oddity to follow them. He heard their footfalls on the hard wood floor as they headed for the stairs and up out of ear shot. Closing his eyes, he let out a long, tired sigh. Damn, his family was all beat to hell and back again. Well, some of them made it back again. Torn, bloody, and scared. \"Time to get the hell out of here.\" Rawhide grumbled to himself. He opened his eyes, all set to start the engines. But, first thing he saw, directly in front of him, on the other side of the window, was a blond kid with blood stain teeth. He stood barefoot on the deck, the rain water running down the sharp blade-like rock he gripped in his hand. \"Was wondering how long it was gonna take you little bastards.\" Rawhide growled. He yelled over his shoulder \"They're here!\" and started to turn on computers, lighting up the controls. Soon as the call came, Buckaroo looked at his wife. \"Peggy, I want you in the armory until we're in the air.\" But Peggy shook her head as she pretended to busy herself tucking in the blankets around New Jersey. \"I need to stay here with Sid.\" \"He's stable. He'll be fine.\" Buckaroo answered. He grabbed her arm and steered her out of the infirmary and down the hall to the armory. \"I want you safe with our little girl.\" Peggy dug in her heals and glared up at him. \"I will not hide in a corner while my family fights for their lives!\" she growled, yanking her arm free. \"And I won't lose you again!\" Buckaroo growled right back. But the harshness in his own voice startled him, and he immediately stepped back. Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath and held it. It wasn't anger that made him snap at her. It was panic. He was scared. Scared to death of losing anyone else. Scared so bad his chest ached. Peggy stepped up to him and laid her head against his chest. \"You won't lose me, Buckaroo.\" she promised in a near whisper. \"But I'll be damned if I'll lose you. Or Rawhide or Sid, or Perfect Tommy or Tommy Boy.\" She looked up at him, cupping his face in her hands. \"My family is hurting, hurting bad, and I will not hide and do nothing to stop that hurt.\" Buckaroo blinked at her. Of course she wouldn't hide. She wouldn't be woman he loved if she had been the type of woman to run and hide. Still… Slowly he shook his head. \"I'm not asking you to hide.\" he lied. \"Even if they don't get inside before we take off, they will board. And, then, it will only be a matter of time before they do get inside. Before we have to fight them.\" He paused to pick his words carefully. \"If Rawhide and I have to fight, then someone needs to pilot the Aurora. From somewhere safe.\" She smiled at him. \"That's a bullshit excuse.\" she told him, though her tone was light. \"You fight. I'll keep the boat upright. But… I'll be keeping each one of you in sight. And if any of you get into trouble, I'm coming out, guns a blazing.\" she warned him. The doctor smiled. Taking her hands, he kissed the palm of each, before kissing her lips. He tried to think of something encouraging to say, but… \"Go on.\" Peggy told him. \"Don't worry about me.\" And, knowing he didn't have the strength to turn away, she did, and hurried to the armory. Buckaroo watched her go. He couldn't help but wonder if he would ever see her again. But then he huffed at himself. Almost in the air, almost home free, and he was still feeling like they were going to lose. \"Buckaroo?\" Rawhide called. \"Any time. I'm a patient man.\" Buckaroo smiled again. Well, if it was their destiny, at least he was in good company. He hurried across the main floor to join Rawhide on the bridge. Already the observation deck was filled with a dozen of the island natives. More were climbing the railing. And still more could be seen in the clearing around the ship. \"That didn't take them long.\" Buckaroo mumbled as he pulled his pistol and set it down beside the computer. Keeping his eyes on the children just on the other side of the windows, his fingers flew over the controls in a practice pattern, turning on and checking systems. There was a click as one of them stabbed at the storm glass with his knife. \"Yea, well.\" Rawhide started, but then stopped when he realized he didn't really know what to say. When Buckaroo looked at him, waiting for some sort of old friend wisdom, he just shrugged and gave a sheepish half smile. Buckaroo chuckled and turned back. \"Yea, well.\" he repeated, agreeing full heartedly. What else could he say? What else was there to say? Rawhide glanced to the starboard. He could see a pair of dirty, bare feet disappearing over the top of the port hole window. \"They're climbing up the walls.\" Buckaroo grabbed the handheld. \"Heads up, Tommy Boy. They're coming up the sides.\" \"Shit.\" Tommy Boy grumbled as the warning came over the ship's communication system. \"Tommy, you armed?\" she asked as she checked her own weapons. When he didn't answer, she glanced at him. \"Tommy?\" Perfect Tommy didn't look at her. Didn't answer her. He stayed completely focused on his job, changing the propellers from power collection to lifting positions. Tommy Boy considered stepping over and yelling at him, smacking him, something, anything, to get his attention. But she knew it wouldn't help. Kid was too screwed up, in too much pain for a little head smacking to draw him out. Which actually scared her a little. What Reno did when he hit his threshold of pain… What would Perfect Tommy do? \"Hey!\" Tommy Boy decided to get his attention. Limping across the deck, she leaned on one of the propellers and demanded \"Tommy! You gonna stick with me?\" His hands stopped, his back stiffening. Finally, a reaction. \"Are you armed?\" she asked again. He swallowed, then his hands began working again. \"Knuckles' had my guns.\" he said softly. Tommy Boy sighed, dropping her eyes. \"Look, Tommy, I want you to keep talking to me, okay? I know things look bad right now. Probably feel a hell of a lot worse than they look, but…\" \"Ah'm not gonna pull a Reno.\" Tommy assured, guessing at what she was thinking. Tommy Boy paused. \"Yea?\" She didn't really want to ask how come. That would make him wonder how come himself. As if hearing her thoughts, Perfect Tommy glanced at Oddity. The dog laid beside the hatch, watching every move the boy made. His ears flickered, his muscles tense, ready to leap at Tommy's command. Almost as if Oddity had made the same pact as Tommy had. Tommy Boy suddenly understood. \"You promised Knuckles you'd take care of him.\" Perfect Tommy quickly turned his eyes back to his work. With a twist and a clank, he finished the fourth blade and went on to the fifth. Okay, so she didn't need to worry about him throwing himself to his death. Tommy Boy held out one of her pistols. \"Then protect him.\" she told him. Perfect Tommy looked at the gun, blinked, then took it, slipping it into his belt. Without saying a word, or even looking at her, he returned to his work. \"Yea.\" Tommy Boy mumbled, not that much reassured. \"Glad we had that little talk. We'll get back to it later.\" Oddity came to his feet and growled. Tommy Boy didn't need to turn and look to know. Particularly since she could see a little head poke up from the other side of Perfect Tommy. Taking a shot, she knocked the little invader off the ship. \"Tommy, how much longer?\" \"Call the bridge.\" Perfect Tommy told her, sliding under a propeller and heading for the last blade. \"Start the engine.\" Instead of standing on the deck, he climbed up onto the cap so he could work even as the propellers turned. Oddity snarled and barked at a child just pulling himself up and over the rail behind the hatch. Tommy Boy brought up her go-phone, firing again. \"Rawhide, put her in gear!\" Again she fired knocking a third invader off the railing. The propellers jerked into motion, nearly knocking Perfect Tommy from his perch. \"Careful, Tommy!\" Tommy Boy warned as she ducked under the blades as they slowly turned. Turning with the propeller, Perfect Tommy stretched out over the blade, pushing it out to its full length. His legs wrapped around the blade, holding him in place, while his arms reached out to work the clamps in place. As the propellers picked up speed, he was struggling to get a good grip on the last clamp. If he didn't get it before the engine went to full speed, the blade would fly off, probably hitting the other blades on its way. And the Aurora wouldn't get enough lift without all six blades spinning. Clamped or not, if Perfect Tommy was still up there when the engine hit full speed, it would be him that would go flying through the air…. If the blades didn't slice him in half. \"Perfect Tommy! Time to get down!\" Tommy Boy yelled at him. She stepped up to the rail, slamming the butt of her gun down on the head of an attacker just reaching the top. \"Almost… have… it…\" As the propellers spun faster, Tommy's finger tips slipped on the metal clamp, cutting his skin. Grinding his teeth, he kicked one foot, sliding him closer to the clamp. But now he was completely on the blade, the sharp edges cutting into his legs and arms. Tommy Boy had to drop to one knee to avoid the propellers. \"Tommy!\" Equally concerned, Oddity started to bark at Perfect Tommy, chasing after the propeller, until he ran head long into a blond kid who had jumped the rail. Dog and child toppled over, Oddity coming out on top, growling and snapping at the invader. \"Got it!\" Perfect Tommy cried in triumph as the clamp finally clicked into place. \"Then get down!\" Tommy Boy fired again. \"We've gotta get inside!\" Sliding down to the underside of the blade, Perfect Tommy let go. The speed of the blade sent him skidding across the deck, slamming into the rail with bone jarring force. Instantly, sensing a fallen prey, three blond cannibals came over the railing above him. Buckaroo worked the control ball. \"Five feet… ten…\" he called out their progress. \"Fifteen… closing anchor hatches. Thrust engine almost warmed up… Twenty-five feet…\" The children were still on the deck, even as they lifted up off of their island. They were working their knives at the windows, trying to chisel their way through. There were a couple of spots where they had broken through and were struggling to pull the glass and chain link security wire back and out of the way. But when Rawhide stepped around Buckaroo, saying \"That can't be good.\", he was looking beyond the attackers to the tree line. She stood there, Katarina, directly in front of the Aurora. Her white gown and blond hair blew around her, as if she was some mystical siren. She looked to the sky, her arms open up as if she was calling to the storm. \"Ah, hell.\" Rawhide growled. \"Hold on!\" They were only fifty feet in the air when a tornado strength wind slammed into the side of the Aurora's top decks. The ship toppled. Perfect Tommy rolled over on to his back, the pistol in his hands, firing up. Two of his attackers fell back, but the third crouched, dodging the bullet. Then she was lunging at the Cavalier. Suddenly the whole world twisted out from under them. The Aurora tilted, capsizing to the port side. Perfect Tommy, already lying against the port side, wrapped his arms around the rail and held on as his little attacker fell back, falling to the ground. But Tommy Boy and Oddity had been on the starboard side. When the ship tilted, they had nothing to grab a hold of. Tommy Boy slid across the deck, clutching at the smooth deck as she fell. Her wounded leg hit the port rail and she cried out as pain ripped through her body. Then she was free falling off the edge. Oddity slid across the deck only a few feet to her left, slowed only when he slammed into one of the invaders, taking him off the edge with him. The Aurora continued to tilt until the propellers hit the tree line. The first pass, and the blades sliced through the smaller branches. But as the ship continued to tilt, the blades snapped and splintered as they hit the bigger branches, sending shards of wood and steel flying through the air. Both Rawhide and Buckaroo were thrown across the bridge, slamming into the port side wall. The control ball spun, swinging the nose of the ship around, ramming into the trees. The engines squealed and screamed in protest. A crash sounded from the lower deck, probably the car breaking lose. Books and computers, chairs, beds, dishes, anything that wasn't bolted down was thrown from their perches, smashing and crashing across the boat. \"Look out!\" Buckaroo yelled, pushing Rawhide away, then rolling the opposite direction, barely avoiding the love seat that slid across the deck to smash into the port side door. It hit with enough force that the steel enforced door twisted and ripped from the hinges. Rawhide rolled away until he hit the slider door between the bridge and the living room. Pushing off of the door, he rolled back and up, coming to his feet. Spinning about he started to look for Buckaroo, but had to stop. He was standing on the port wall. \"Ah, hell.\" Rawhide cussed. Then he was shoving furniture and debris out of his way. \"Buckaroo? Where are you?\" he yelled. Buckaroo struggled to his feet, using the cracked storm window for support. Looking around, he couldn't help but exclaimed \"Deuces.\" He looked across the bridge to Rawhide. The big cowboy stared back. \"We're not getting off this island, are we?!\" Peggy had been standing in the doorway when the ship had tipped. The heavy, steel door had swung close on her, slamming her across the room. Her whole world flashed, then went dark. \"Peggy? Peggy!\" Mrs. Johnson's screams brought her around. Blinking away tears and bright spots, Peggy slowly became aware of the tugging on her leg. \"Wh… what?\" she asked, not sure right off where she was. She reached out, grabbed the leg of the desk and started to pull herself up, but there was a sickening pop and she lost feeling in her fingers. With a gasp, she fell back. \"Peggy!\" Mrs. Johnson cried from where she laid at Peggy's feet. \"I'm alright.\" Peggy quickly told her. \"You're alright. Keep your head down.\" Bracing her shoulder against the floor, she twisted about until she could look around the room. Most everything in the armory was bolted or strapped down, so what was thrown around was just her and Mrs. Johnson, the cot, and a chair. The whole room was on its side, the Quarter A.I. Pilot computers on the wall above them, the keyboard hanging down by its cord. Wincing, wrapping an arm around her bandages, Mrs. Johnson scooted herself back against a rack. She couldn't understand why she was sitting on the wall. \"What happened?\" she wanted to know. She was trying real hard not to panic, but a mixture of blood loss and pain killers was really screwing with her self control. \"I think we capsized.\" Peggy mumbled. Pulling her good arm around, she felt her right arm. Everything below the elbow was numb, but the elbow itself was searing. She bit her lip to keep from crying out as she tried to work the arm. \"Is it broken?\" Mrs. Johnson asked. Swallowing down the pain, Peggy nodded. \"I… I think the elbow's smashed.\" That meant serious damage. Which she had no time for. Letting the tears fall, she reached up with her good hand, grabbing a rack, and hauling herself to her feet. She stumbled to the door and tried to push it open. It wouldn't budge. Leaning her head against the door, she yelled \"Buckaroo? Rawhide?\" \"They can't here you.\" Mrs. Johnson reminded her. \"The armory's air tight.\" Peggy groaned. Twisting about until she was leaning against the door, she looked about for some other idea. And then she remembered. \"The A.I.\" Taking a deep breath, she reached for the keyboard, turning it so she could see it. She hit a few keys. The speakers came alive. At first there was nothing but static, but then a computer voice became clear, announcing system failures. After a moment of listening, Mrs. Johnson closed her eyes and let her head fall back. \"We're dead in the water.\" she whimpered. \"Quarter A.I. Go voice command. Banzai, Peggy, Doctor.\" Peggy called, ordering the computer. \"Banzai, Peggy, Doctor. Confirmed.\" the A.I. answered. \"Show crew positions.\" Two of the smaller screens were dark, but the third showed a black and white scene of Rawhide and Buckaroo climbing over debris on the bridge. The main screen showed a floor plan of the Aurora. Two blue dots on the bridge, one in the infirmary, two in the armory, one on the top deck, port side, and two port side on the ground. \"Oh, god. Someone's outside.\" Mrs. Johnson gasped. \"How did they get outside?\" \"Blue is good.\" Peggy quickly assured herself as much as the girl. \"Blue is alive.\" But, outside, how long would the dots stay blue? Tommy Boy screamed. She had fallen two stories, landing on her feet. Her ankles snapped. She could feel jagged bone poking out through her socks, blood filling her boots, soaking her pant legs. Her whole world was pain, unbelievable pain. Instinctively she tried to crawl from the pain, only to jar her feet and send new waves of agony up her legs. She was lost, gasping for breath, when something warm and soft leaned against her. Blinking away tears, Tommy Boy grasped at the fur. \"Od…Oddity.\" she sobbed. Dragging his own hurt leg, Oddity stood over the Cavalier. He lowered his head, bared his teeth, and snarled at the approaching children. One swung at the Cavalier, but Oddity spun about, catching the little hand between his teeth, and throwing him away from them. Realization began to cut through the cloud of pain. Oddity and her had fallen. They were on the ground. Hurt. Alone. Vulnerable. Tommy Boy grabbed a hold of the dog and dragged herself up into a sitting position. She dropped her face in his fur, muffling another scream as her ankles were jostled again. She felt, more than saw, something hit the ground beside her. Her hand instantly dropped to her belt holster, but her gun wasn't there. No, it was in her hand when she fell. The impact must have bounced it out of her grip. Her head whipped about, trying to find her gun… at least something she could use to defend herself. \"Tommy Boy, stay there.\" Perfect Tommy ordered as he crouched down behind her, putting his back to hers. All around them, packed shoulder to shoulder, were hundreds of the cannibal children. Nearly all armed with some sort of knife. Some just armed with blood stained teeth and sharp nails. They were everywhere, and still more pushed into clearing from the trees. Above them the Aurora rested, propped up by a few ancient, giant trees strong enough to take the weight of the great ship. Her propeller cap spinning stumps, all that was left of the blades, only a few yards above their heads. Spotting her fallen weapon just a few inches away, Perfect Tommy quickly snatched it before it was claimed by their attackers. He handed it over his shoulder to her. Not that it would do them much good. They were three against hundreds. Three hurt, broken, damaged… \"What… What are they waiting for?\" Tommy Boy wondered, knowing that there was only one thing that could happen now. Perfect Tommy actually chuckled. \"Savoring the moment.\" Another snarl from Oddity warned them that the savoring was over. The children grinned their frightening blood stained grin, and swarmed forward. They were so thick they blocked out the light coming in from the windows. Pushing through the broken hatches and doors, they filled the ship, taking it deck by deck, slashing and stabbing at everything. Pillows were shredded in a shower of goose feathers. Books chewed and spat out. Electronics smashed against anything hard enough to break it. In truth, Buckaroo Banzai was reminded of the Gremlins movies. He wondered if it would have been easier if these things were gruesome looking little monsters instead of the sweet, almost innocent looking little children that attacked them now. Rawhide snatched Buckaroo by the back of his shirt and threw him back, while firing his gun at the little creature who was swinging his weapon down on the doctor. \"Less thought, more fighting!\" the cowboy snapped. Buckaroo stumbled back. Half turning, catching himself on an over turned desk, he fired, shooting a child out of the air. \"We can't win this!\" he yelled over his shoulder to his friend. Rawhide grabbed the hem of a skirt and, spinning about threw the little girl across the deck to slam into her companions who were climbing in through the port side door. For a moment, that entrance was plugged. \"So, you wanna stop fighting?\" Rawhide demanded. \"Lay back and play dead?\" \"Find the others.\" Buckaroo suggested. \"Make a run for the trees.\" It was a desperate idea. One he knew would never have a chance. But he just couldn't give up hope. He just couldn't. Rawhide glanced back at him, but only for a second. Then he was shooting his weapon again. He didn't know how to answer Buckaroo. Remind him that they were surrounded? That there was no way in hell they would make it to the trees? Hell, they'd never make it out of the ship! Growling at himself, Rawhide kicked, hit, and shot at their attackers. \"Get the girls.\" he ordered. \"I'll get Jersey.\" At least if Buckaroo was able to reach the armory and get inside, he might survive a little longer. Buckaroo could almost hear Rawhide's thoughts. They had known each other a long time. Been brothers in all but blood. Rawhide couldn't lie to him. And he couldn't lie to Rawhide. And that left only one real truth between them. One last thing to say. \"Rawhide?\" \"Yea?\" \"It's been an honor.\" Rawhide froze for a breath. But then he was fighting again. \"Mount up and get moving!\" The whole world was dark and lonely. There was no feel to it. There was no life to it. It was simply dark. Simply lonely. Then a light appeared, like the sun on the horizon. It rose, chasing away the dark, filling all vision with its glow, letting the whole world know that the light had arrived. But Sidney Zwiebel was not fooled. This was not the light at the end of a long, cold night. This was not the light of heaven. \"How…\" he breathed \"can something so beautiful be so utterly evil?\" Katarina Himmler spread her gown out as she floated down to where Sid laid on the floor. She leaned over him as she had before, letting her hair fall all about, like a silky curtain. She smiled her blue tinged lips, her gray eyes light and caring. \"And there you are, my ever sweet man.\" she spoke and it sounded like a whispered song. Sid slowly opened his eyes and looked up at her. \"Why don't you just kill me and be done with it?\" he demanded. Despite his weak voice, he managed to put an edge to his words as if he had been saving what was left of his strength to fight her one last time. Katarina traced a light, pale finger down his jaw. She gazed at him almost lovingly. \"Why do you struggle so? You know this is where you belong. That here is where you will be set free. That I am your destiny.\" Jersey closed his eyes again. \"Destiny?\" He managed a chuckle. \"You're standing… proof you don't give a crap about destiny.\" She tilted her head, smiling her amusement. \"Indeed? How so?\" \"Destiny killed your kids a long time ago in a plane crash.\" Sid told her, opening his eyes again. \"I'm thinking killed you too.\" Her smile faded, her eyes grew sad. \"Well, sweet man, destiny is what you make of it.\" She paused to brush some speck of dust from his cheek. \"I did not die. But neither did they. We survived, broken and destroyed, but alive on this barren island, devoid of all life. And, for a time, we suffered greatly in our agonizing starvation.\" Those gray eyes drifted off as her thin, pale fingers floated up to her lips as if there was still warm, delectable blood on them, waiting to be suckled off. \"I was so hungry… so very, ravenously hungry.\" She looked at him. \"Thus I fed.\" Sidney stared at her. They were alive. He hadn't expected that. He had thought that the children had died in the crash. That they were dead when she turned to their bodies for substance. That he could almost understand. But they were alive. She smiled at the memory. \"They came to me, so sweet, so giving. They cried only a little. With their blood, the island bloomed. And, when I brought them back, stronger and more than they had ever been before, they thanked me, they praised me.\" The doctor looked at her with horror and disgust. \"They're a figment of your sick, guilty conscious!\" She looked confused. \"Guilty? Did you not see? They gave me life, and I give them forever existence. They are my immortality.\" \"And what did Pecos give you? Or Reno? Or Knuckles?\" He squeezed his eyes closed. \"What do you get from me? From doing… this to me?\" he wanted to know. He needed to know. She leaned over him again. \"You give me life. Do you not understand? You are my immortality.\" she whispered. Leaning down, she laid gentle kisses on his eye lids. \"I am your forever.\" Mrs. Johnson gasped. \"Sorry.\" Peggy grumbled as she set the bandage back in place. The girl just laid back on the newly righted cot and squeezed her eyes closed. Sitting back on her heals, Peggy cradled her broken arm. \"Eunice, I think the fall ripped open the inner stitches. You're bleeding internally.\" She licked her lips, desperately trying to figure out what to do. Even if they were in the infirmary, there wasn't much they could do. There was only one surgical kit left. Plasma was all but gone. No antibiotics of any serious sort. They're only hope had been to get her to a hospital. But now… The girl Peggy had raised since she had been knee high was bleeding to death. And there wasn't a damn thing she could do about it. \"Peggy?\" Mrs. Johnson whispered. Snapping out of her head, Peggy wiped the back of her hand across her eyes. \"No worries, sweety. I just have to get to the infirmary.\" she told the girl. Glancing about, she looked for some way to get the door open. \"Hell, this is an armory! There has to be something to blow that damn door!\" \"Peggy.\" Mrs. Johnson called again, more insistent. Peggy looked at the girl. She was looking up at the A.I. screens above their heads. \"The dots are changing colors.\" \"Dots?\" The Lady Banzai frowned. She followed her gaze. The main screen still showed the floor plan and crew positions. Two blue in the armory. One blue entering the den. Another blue entering the hall pass the kitchen. One in the infirmary. Two blue, one red outside… One blue, two red… Peggy's gut twisted, her hand going to her mouth. Three red. \"No.\" she whispered. \"No, no, no…\" Peggy rose up, snapping at the computer \"Quarter A.I. open the damn door!\" She slammed her hand against the cold steel. There was a pair of blond boys on the back of a fallen couch, one stabbing at a cushion, the other dragging his knife across the reflective end table. A little girl was sitting on a desk, tipping a flat screen this way and that, trying to reach the horses displayed on the screen. At first sight, Buckaroo stopped, his hands coming up at the ready. He had ran out of bullets some time back, leaving him nothing but his fists to fight with. But the children seemed too distracted with destroying the furniture to noticed someone else enter the room. He could have smiled with relief at having a few moments of not fighting. Carefully making as little noise as possible, Buckaroo climbed through the doorway into the den and pulled the slider closed, locking it into place. It was a fragile door, only meant to keep some of the noise of Perfect Tommy's video games at bay when Buckaroo set down to read or Rawhide napped. But, maybe, it would stall the hordes pouring in through the bridge long enough to reach the armory on the other side of the den. Climbing over the bookcases that made up the port side wall, he kept a wary eye on the children. The armory door was closed, a bookcase fallen across it. He was half way there when a burst of gun fire sounded outside. Buckaroo stopped, his head coming up, listening. Who was outside? Tommy Boy was on the top deck with Perfect Tommy. Did they find a way down? Were they making a run for the trees? No, probably back to the ship. Those two would never leave if they thought the others were in danger. Then the gun fire lessened. It became single shots, then one shot… then nothing. Buckaroo closed his eyes. He held his breath, willing his ears to listen… to hear more… hear the gunshots fading in the distance, hear the angry yells at the escape… But he didn't hear anything. There was nothing to hear. They were gone. There was a tug on his pant leg. Buckaroo opened his eyes and looked down. The little girl stood beside him, gazing up as innocently as if asking for an ice cream. She blinked, big, bashful eyes at him, tilting her head so her blond curls fell over one shoulder. Her little fingers were wrapped around a handful of his pant leg. Such a sweet, beautiful, little thing. No sooner had he thought it, then he felt the knife slicing into his side. With a gasp, Buckaroo spun away, stumbling over the bookcases and falling hard on the shelves. Biting back a cry, the doctor rolled, barely avoiding another knife thrust. But the little girl was quick, leaping through the air, and landing in the middle of his back with both feet. Knife clasped in both hands, she raised it high above and, aiming for the back of his head, brought the weapon down. Bucking his hips, Buckaroo threw her off balance, her knife bouncing off the shelf just missing his ear. Twisting, he grabbed her foot and yanked, pulling her feet out from under her. When her head hit the wall near his feet, he kicked, snapping her head back with an ugly sounding crack. Not waiting to see if she was done, Buckaroo scrambled to his feet. Kicking a Jules Verne book out from under foot, he glanced about for the two boys. They were already moving on him, one coming from each side. One twirled his knife like he was teasing him. The other just jabbed with his weapon, forcing Buckaroo to skip back. He would have fallen again if the wall hadn't been there to catch him. Hands braced against the wall, he kicked back, sending the jabber skipping away. The teaser rushed forward then, slicing across Buckaroo's back. Hissing with pain, Buckaroo arched his back, trying to escape the sharp knife. He twisted about, throwing an arm out almost blindly, warding off the second strike. Hopping the shelves, he made it to a flat, empty area where he had clear ground to fight. The jabber threw himself at Buckaroo. The doctor leaned back, letting his attacker sail by and crash into what had been the ceiling fan. Again using his partner as a distraction, the teaser leaped at Buckaroo's back. Hearing his feet on the floor, Buckaroo spun, kicking out. The side of his boot caught the creature across the head, sending him head over heals until he slammed into the far wall. Bouncing on the balls of his feet, hands held up and at the ready, the Cavalier glanced about for the jabber. He didn't see him in time. The jabber's knife sunk deep into the soft flesh behind his knee, sinking until the tip caught between the bones of the joint. Buckaroo Banzai screamed. His leg locked by the blade, he fell forward, catching himself on an over turned table. Holding the wounded leg out, he turned to face the jabber. Licking blood off of his fingers, the jabber swayed. He grinned as he watched his victim from hooded eyes. He was the predator who just tasted first blood of his prey. And, now, he was closing for the kill. Gritting his teeth, Buckaroo reached down and yanked the knife out of his leg. A wave of nausea washed over him and, for a breath, the world nearly went black. But, by sheer force of will, Buckaroo made his eyes stay open, demanded that his heart keep pumping and his lungs keep breathing. Knuckles white, he gripped the knife and… The jabber lunged, fingers hooked, teeth bared… …. bringing it up, Buckaroo thrust the knife up, through Jabber's jaw, through the roof of his mouth, until the hilt hit bone. Rawhide stopped when he heard the scream. \"Buckaroo.\" he whispered, knowing that voice no matter how far away. He took a step back down the hall. But at least thirty, forty, of those little bastards filled the living room, a couple even finding the hall and sniffing their way down. They were so thick, they were plugging up the doorways, having difficulty moving around. Rawhide would never reach the den. Would never reach Buckaroo. Whatever his brother faced, he would have to face it alone. How many times, the big man wondered, can a heart break? Yanking the buck knife out of his boot, he turned and hurried down the hall to the infirmary. He had to save Jersey. It was the only thing he could do now. The only Cavalier he could reach. Save Jersey. And, with no where to go, no way out, there was only one way to save him. If it was the last thing he did, Rawhide would kill Sidney Zwiebel and save him from this damnation. Buckaroo fell against the door. Squeezing his eyes against the nausea, he took a moment to concentrate on breathing. Everything hurt. Everything bled. He just wanted to lie down and close his eyes. \"No.\" he growled at himself. \"No, not yet.\" The slider raddled. Glancing back, he saw the door shake. They found it. They knew he was here. They were trying to get in. They would get in. Just a matter of time. Taking a deep breath, Buckaroo hit the com panel beside the armory door. \"Peggy?\" When there wasn't an immediate answer, he called her again. \"Peggy… please, answer.\" \"Buckaroo?\" came her voice. In that moment all pain washed away. Buckaroo smiled and he leaned his head against the panel. \"Peggy, love, that is the prettiest sound that all the universe has to offer.\" She chuckled, though her words sounded so sad. \"You always were a sucker for anything with a beat.\" Buckaroo also chuckled. The slider raddled again. There was a crash as something was slammed into it. Buckaroo dragged his teeth over his upper lip. \"Peggy, are you alright? How's our baby girl?\" There was a long pause. He felt panic tighten around his chest. \"Peggy!\" \"I'm fine.\" she lied. He could hear the lie as loud and clear as if it was a trumpet blowing in his ear. Hurt as much too. \"Mrs. Johnson…\" Peggy stopped. She was crying when she spoke again. \"She's dying, Buckaroo. She won't last more than a few hours… Oh, god, Buckaroo… our kids… Tommy Boy and Perfect Tommy… even Oddity…\" There was another crash and the slider splintered. Little hands poked through broken bits, grabbing and tugging and ripping it open. \"Peggy.\" Buckaroo spoke again. He laid his hand on the speaker, imagining that he could feel her. Touch her cheek, smell her hair, hold her close. \"Peggy, it'll be alright.\" he promised. \"Don't be afraid.\" She was silent. Another crash. Pieces of the door flew across the room with such force, they stuck into the opposite wall like arrows. Buckaroo winced. He didn't need to look to know they were climbing in. That they were coming for him. \"Buckaroo?\" came Peggy's voice. \"Yea?\" he answered. \"I love you.\" Buckaroo closed his eyes and smiled. \"Love, never ending, undying.\" he swore. Then he pushed away from the door, spinning just in time to dodge a knife. On one leg, he spun and struck out at his attackers. But no matter what direction he went, there was another attacker, another knife, another cut. \"Buckaroo?\" He bit his lip as he felt the stabs. \"Buckaroo!\" she screamed. Despite the pain, he refused to cry out. He would not have her last memory of him be his screams. He would not! \"Buckaroo, answer me!\" He would not! When he opened his eyes, New Jersey was lying in the bed again. For a moment he wondered… had it been a dream? Was it all just a horrible nightmare? But then he reached across his body, wanting to feel his other arm, wanting some assurance that it really had been a dream. All he found was nothing. Suddenly he couldn't breath. He couldn't think. He couldn't feel. He couldn't even scream. Then she leaned over him, running her long, thin fingers through his hair. Coming close, she whispered in his ear \"Shush now. Be still, my Sidney. There is no need to be afraid.\" He sobbed. \"Just… just kill me… please…\" Katarina just smiled her beautiful, soft smile down at him. Her ever gentle fingers traced down the edges of his face, down his throat. \"Now, sweet man, do not wish for such things. A man such as you, good and escalated beyond your breeding. You are destined for greater praise than simple death.\" She unbuttoned his shirt, carefully and gently maneuvering his remaining arm until it laid bare on the bed beside him. \"Please…\" Sid begged. One thin finger glided down the inside of his arm until she reached his wrist. \"Shhhhhhh…\" she hushed him. \"Soon you will be free. Soon I will be your forever.\" \"Yea?\" came a voice from just inside the doorway. \"But I'll still be the big, pissed off cowboy with the honking huge knife.\" \"Rawhide.\" Sid gasped, closing his eyes. Katarina's head rose, though her eyes never left her victim. \"Ma'am, don't get me wrong, I'm very happy to gut you.\" Rawhide growled as he slowly made his way around the bed. \"I just rather you not bleed all over poor Jersey there when it's done.\" Katarina's image flickered, and then she looking at Rawhide, her face suddenly twisting in an ugly, horrid, vicious expression. \"You have such audacity?\" Again she flickered, and then she was standing, facing him. \"You impudent beast!\" she screeched. One hand up in defense, Rawhide swung out with his other, striking with the ten inch buck knife. But the woman flickered again. Suddenly she was behind him. One hand reached around and gripped him by the throat. The other held Rawhide's wrist, holding the knife at a safe distance. With strength beyond what should be possible of her slim frame, she stretched and twisted his arm to an unnatural position. There was a sickening pop and crack as she twisted his arm until it snapped, the knife falling from useless fingers. Rawhide gritted his teeth, watching the blade bounce on the bed. Her voice was a withering hiss as she told him \"You will suffer greatly burning in the pit of hell. A never ending death, a forever of never being again.\" Then the hand on his throat jerked, snapping his neck. \"No…\" Sid cried. Katarina flickered and she was once more sitting on his bedside, leaving Rawhide to fall, lifeless and forgotten, to the floor behind her. \"Shhhh.\" she was hushing him again, offering comfort with a gentle touch, wiping away his tears. \"Shush, my beautiful, sweet man.\" Her hands cupped over her face, Peggy backed away from the door. \"No. No, no, nononononono…\" she cried into her hands, shaking her head. She didn't need to hear, didn't need to see, didn't need the A.I. To tell her… Her husband was dead. Pecos and Reno were dead. Knuckles and Oddity were dead. Tommy Boy and Perfect Tommy were dead. Rawhide, for he would never allow all the others to die without him, was dead. Little Mrs. Eunice Johnson was only hours away from being dead. Sid was as good as dead. Buckaroo Banzai… Peggy closed her eyes, doubled over and screamed and screamed and screamed until she choked, having to gasp for breath. Everything was so quiet suddenly, without the screaming. All she could hear was the scratching at the door. Scratching? Of course. They had everyone else. Now they were coming for her. Still doubled over, Peggy wrapped her arms around her middle and opened her eyes. As if placed there by some omnipotent being, there, right at her feet, was the box she had set aside earlier. Yes, the tiniest bit of plastic explosives would have blown the door open. But it would have also killed those within. Not to mention the possible chain reaction of setting off the everything else found in an armory. And the armory sat above one of the engines, pumping full of fuel. What would the whole box do? She knew then what to do. Straightening up, she started looking for the blasting caps. He was genuinely surprised to feel. Twice surprised to feel the hilt of the knife at his finger tips, still warm from Rawhide's grasp. Katarina leaned over him, seemingly unaware of what was going through his mind. Her pale blue lips brushed over his own as she whispered \"Sweet, sweet man.\" \"I can't kill you.\" Sid admitted, his fingers curling around the hilt. She smiled and sat up. \"No, you can not kill me.\" she agreed. \"But…\" He glared at her. \"I can kill me!\" He brought the weapon up, aiming a strike at his own heart. She caught his wrist just as the tip pricked his skin. Her expression never wavered as if nothing had happened. As if Jersey hadn't just tried to kill himself. \"No.\" she said softly in her musical voice. \"You can not kill yourself. You belong to me. And it is not in your power to take what is mine.\" Jersey couldn't help but sob as she took the knife out of his fingers. There was nothing he could do but watch as she examined the blade. Watch as she laid his arm down on the bed again. Watch as she placed the tip of the blade at his shoulder. No! He tore his eyes away, turning his head. He found Rawhide on the floor, staring back with lifeless eyes. Holding his breath, he locked onto those eyes, and waited for the cutting to begin. Peggy held the clumsy bomb to her chest and laid beside Mrs. Johnson on the cot. The girl moaned softly. \"Shhh. It'll be alright.\" Peggy assured. \"Don't be afraid.\" She closed her eyes and squeezed the ignition. The Aurora rocked violently. Katarina flickered and was suddenly on her feet. There was an explosion and the ship rocked again. Then another explosion. Katarina flickered as she spun about, searching all of existence for answers. When she finally faced Jersey again, he was smiling. \"Hey, Kat?\" he said with a chuckle. \"Should probably tell you… Hitler: Twisted bastard with a Jew mother.\" Then the Aurora was swallowed by an explosion, rocking the entire island. A/N: Epilog to come![Chapter 4] 0o0o0o0o0 Epilog 0o0o0o0o0 All existence was quiet and still. It wasn't cold nor warm. It wasn't bright nor dark. It wasn't soft nor hard. It wasn't old nor new. It wasn't real nor dream. Dream? Was it a dream? Could it possibly be a dream? Or was it death? Finally, gentle, welcoming death? If it was death, why did his toe itch? Toe? Dr. Sidney Zwiebel bolted up in bed. Frantically he tore at the blankets, trying to dig his way down to his legs. \"Sid!\" someone called to him, trying to grab at his arms. \"Sid, calm down! You're alright.\" But he didn't hear anything but the unbearable loud beating of his own heart. Twisting about, he threw the blankets away from him until he saw them: Legs! Two of them! Legs, ankles, feet, toes. They were all there, as perfect as they had ever been. And that's when he saw them, holding the blankets: hands, arms… strong and healthy and unscathed. \"Hey, Sidney.\" Buckaroo called to him again, his voice gentler. \"You're okay, buddy. You're all here. Just take a few breaths.\" \"Yea.\" Perfect Tommy spoke up. \"We counted. All ten toes and nine fingers.\" Jersey frowned. \"Nine?\" He looked down at his hands. Rawhide groaned. \"Damnit, Tommy…. Any other day and I'd beat your butt…\" \"Why do you think I'm getting it all out today?\" Tommy returned, followed by a sharp \"Ow!\" protesting the smack up the back of his head. Knuckles simply smirked and went back to her pacing. \"And that's how we know Knuckles is just fine and dandy. She doesn't have anywhere near the restraint Rawhide has.\" Reno offered. He tried to chuckle, but it just came out as a grunt. Looking up from his ten fingers (he counted them twice), Jersey blinked at Buckaroo. \"I…\" he tried, but when the words wouldn't come, he just shook his head. He didn't understand. He couldn't understand. Had it all been a dream? Was none of it real? Was any of it real? The island? The children? Katarina? Pecos? Jersey suddenly grabbed Buckaroo's arm so tightly, the man hissed in pain. \"Pecos! Where is she? Is she alright?\" he demanded. Buckaroo stood very still, resisting the urge to yank his arm free, afraid it would just agitate the situation. \"She's fine, Sid. She's right here.\" He nodded across the bed. Pecos stood a few feet away, her arms wrapped tightly around herself as if she didn't trust herself… didn't trust anything. Letting go of Buckaroo, Jersey focused on the girl. \"Pecos, you alright? How do you feel? How's your hand?\" he wanted to know as he swung his legs off of the bed. She glanced at him, then quickly dropped her eyes. \"You're still asking if I'm alright? After… after everything I did?\" she whispered. \"That wasn't you!\" Reno quickly corrected. He reached out for her, but stopped just short of touching her. He was afraid to touch her. Afraid to hold her, even when he needed to so much… when she needed him to. After all, he was the one who killed her. Jersey shook his head. \"Pecos, you would never hurt me… any of us.\" he assured. When she didn't look at him, he pushed off the bed and reached for her. But his legs seemed to dissolve out from under him and he was falling. \"Jersey!\" Pecos cried, stepping forward and catching him before he hit the floor. A step behind her, Reno helped him back up on the bed. For a panicked breath, New Jersey thought that this had been the dream, that the reality was his legs were gone. He tried to breath, tried to calm himself, tried to reason. It was Pecos' equally panicked voice that snapped him out of it. \"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Sorry…\" She backed away, wrapping her arms around herself again. Jersey looked up at her and it accord to him that she thought he was freaking out because she had touched him. She thought it was her who sent him into a panic. His own fears dissolved with the need to help her. \"It's alright. Legs are just asleep.\" he reasoned, rubbing them. \"'Supposed it's been a bit since I've used them.\" He looked around again. \"Where are we? What happened to us?\" Each took a moment to look around once more. They were in some sort of hospital ward with no real details except for the mirror, no doubt a one-way window looking in, on the far wall beside a locked steel door. Bland walls, bland tile floor, bland ceiling, bland hospital garb, bland beds, bland, bland, bland… The crew was scattered about the room, each one in an obvious state of mild shock, numbly moving about with the need to do something… anything. Some fumed, like Knuckles, pacing angrily, but never getting further than arm's length from Perfect Tommy. Some just clung on to someone else, like Mrs. Johnson clung to Tommy Boy, afraid of what might happen if she let go. Buckaroo had backed up to his wife's bed. \"Hospital ward. Few nurses come and go decked out in bio-hazard gear. No one's telling us where we are, but, by the accents, Austria. Size of this room and quality of equipment we've seen, Sydney.\" Peggy pulled him to her until he was close enough to curl up in his arms. \"I don't care where we are.\" she told them all. \"We're alive. We're together. And, except a few horrible memories, we're alright.\" But that wasn't enough for Mrs. Johnson. She was sitting on a bed across the room, one hand rubbing her stomach where there had been a bullet hole, the other clinging to Tommy Boy's shirt tail as if she was a frightened, little girl. \"Is it just memories?\" she wanted to know. \"Or a dream? What really happened?\" \"Lots and lots of questions.\" Tommy Boy agreed. \"And no answers.\" Perfect Tommy chimed in, confusion far on its way to anger. \"What? How? Why? And let's not forget… What the fuck? Ah mean… ah remember a bunch of knee high cannibals and a whole hell of a lot of dyin'. And, 'les there's some other reason we all took turns countin' Jersey's fingers and toes when we woke up, Ah'm thinkin' you all remember the exact same way ah do.\" He waved a hand in the air at their surroundings. \"Oh, and hey, anyone remember how the hell we got here? Not to mention, oh, yea, who duct taped all of us back together? ' Cause we were all dead?!\" He looked at each of them, giving them a chance to deny it. When no one could offer him an answer, the kid slammed his fist against the footboard. \"Really! What the fuck?!\" he yelled at them. Rawhide gave an all too tired sigh. \"Perfect Tommy, take a breath. We're all okay.\" he assured. \" Rawhide!\" Perfect Tommy snapped. \"You left Knuckles behind. Left her to die. You call that okay?!\" \" I told him to do that!\" Knuckles answered before Rawhide could even react to the accusation. She faced off with Tommy and growled \"Don't you ever blame him for that! I was already dead. I was bitten! What he did… it saved me.\" Tommy huffed. \"Saved? You were torn to pieces. I heard you scream!\" \" I would die a hundred times that way, than live long enough to hurt you… any of you.\" Knuckles dared a smile. \"When I died, I woke up here. If anything, I was saved from what the rest of you went through.\" Perfect Tommy glared at her. But only for a moment. He rubbed the palms of his hands in his eyes and groaned. \"Really, Jessica, what the fuck…\" Knuckles stepped up, wrapping her arms around him, set and determined that she would protect him if it meant she had to stand there to the end of her days. \" I wish I had died.\" Pecos whispered. \" No, you don't.\" Reno growled. She looked at him. \"What I did…\" \" Wasn't you!\" he told her again. \"You didn't do anything. That… bitch! She did it! Not you.\" \" Pecos,\" Tommy Boy spoke up. \"Sweety, you already told us the last thing you remember before waking up here is throwing a canteen at that kid in the woods. If the rest of us woke up here when we died… then you died there in the woods.\" she reasoned. Pecos frowned at her. \"But, you said I…\" \" Your body, that's all.\" Jersey quickly assured. \"It's like… like someone stole your car and used it in a bank robbery.\" Reno took her by the shoulders, turning her to face him. \"You have to know… it isn't in you to do those things. You are a good, kind, beautiful soul who could never hurt those she loves.\" He had to drop his eyes, his own shame surfacing. \"Not like me.\" \" Reno.\" Buckaroo called. When he looked at him, Buckaroo reminded him \"It was you who first saw that that was not Pecos. You knew she wasn't there to save. You didn't kill her. You stopped whatever it was that was using her body.\" Peggy nodded her agreement. \"You stopped the bank robbers.\" Pecos took Reno by the chin and raised his head until she could see his eyes. \"You have to know… it isn't in you to hurt me. Not ever!\" she whispered. Reno wrapped his arms around her and pulled her into him, just holding on for dear life. Rawhide reached up as if to push his Stetson back, but, remembering he didn't have it, ran his fingers through his hair. \"Damn, I want my hat.\" he growled. Stomping over to the mirror, he banged on it with a big fist. \"Alrighty, folks. We're all up and about. Time for some hellos and howdies.\" They all leaned forward, waiting for an answer. After nearly a full minute of silence, Mrs. Johnson looked up at the ceiling. \"Tic tock, tic tock!\" she called out to anyone who might be listening. Tommy Boy chuckled. Wrapping an arm around the girl's shoulders, she said \"Don't think that's going to…\" The door swung open and a group in bio hazard suits walked in. Some carried trays, others clip boards. But one was pushing in a dog cage and arguing with the others. \" Hey.\" he was saying. \"They're in quarantine. He's in quarantine. Don't see why they can't all be quarantined together!\" Tommy Boy instantly recognized the voice. \"Thunder!\" Knuckles instantly recognized the bark. \"Oddity!\" Abandoning Perfect Tommy, she spun and hurried to the cage. Perfect Tommy, stood, arms empty, and frowned. \"Did ah just get dumped for a dog?\" he wondered. But, smiling, he followed Knuckles over. A rather large bio-suit stepped in front of her and gave Knuckles a warning glare. Knuckles matched her glare. \"Nurse Jabba the Hut, you do not want to be standing there.\" she snarled. As if she needed encouragement, at the sound of his mistress' voice, Oddity started barking excitedly. But, before either woman could make a leap to battle, Thunder threw open the cage. Oddity sprang out, between Jabba's legs, and leaped up, his front paws landing on Knuckles' shoulders. With a cry just as happy and excited as the barks, Knuckles fell back against Perfect Tommy. Perfect Tommy's cry was less happy, less excited, as he fell back against the foot board, Knuckles and dog falling on top of him. Tommy Boy was about to make her own long lost love charge at Thunder when she was reminded of Mrs. Johnson being securely attached to her shirt tail. As much as she wanted to crawl into his arms and never let go, she wasn't about to abandon the girl. But Mrs. Johnson wasn't about to deny her. \"Go get him.\" she suggested, releasing her hold. Tommy Boy barely smiled at her, before she was racing across the room. Nurse Jabba the Hut snapped her fingers at a couple of her cohorts who quickly moved to cut Tommy Boy off. \"No, sorry, Miss. No touchin' him. Dats da rules.\" she barked at the Cavalier. Tommy Boy skidded to a halt as a bio-suit made a grab for her, trying to stop her. \"Hey!\" she snapped. Rawhide was at her side instantly. \"Back off!\" he growled, towering over the suddenly very little man. More bio-suits hurried to back up their fellow, earning the growling attention of the Cavaliers. Buckaroo and Reno both stepped away from their girls, ready to back Rawhide up. Knuckles pushed away from Perfect Tommy. \"Yea. Have no idea how much I need a brawl!\" \" Easy, guys!\" Thunder hollered, holding up his hands. When he had everyone's attention, he turned to Tommy Boy. \"You're quarantine. I can't touch you.\" he told her. \"It's the deal I made so they'd let me come in and talk to you guys.\" \" I didn't make any damn deal!\" Tommy Boy protested. \"And why the hell are we quarantined?\" \" I gave them my word so I could come in and tell you guys what's going on.\" Thunder pointed out. \"That is if everyone would put the killing each other on hold for just a few minutes.\" He gave the Cavaliers the same pointed look he gave the medical staff. Tommy Boy crossed her arms over her chest, obviously unhappy, but she didn't make any further move toward him. Following her lead, the Cavaliers relaxed, though Rawhide stayed at her elbow, giving Knuckles the added order \"Muzzle it, girl.\" The little bounty hunter glared, but obeyed, standing down. Jabba waved to her cohorts and they backed away from the Cavaliers, taking up guard positions. Knuckles frowned at that. \"Are we under arrest, or something?\" she wanted to know. \" Something.\" Thunder answered. Leaning against the mirror, he admitted \"We don't know much of what happened or what caused it, but… you missed your restock in Tanqui, Brazil ten days ago. We couldn't locate the Aurora's signal any where in the world.\" \" Ten days?\" Peggy breathed. Her eyes shifted, counting the days she remembered. \"We're missing… six days.\" Tommy Boy shook her head. \"Our systems were down. The storm blocked all signals. We couldn't get anything out.\" she explained. \" Tommy Boy, we didn't find a storm either.\" Thunder returned. \"Not where you should have been. And nothing anywhere in the Atlantic that could have brought down the Aurora.\" \" So how did you find us?\" Rawhide wanted to know. Thunder shrugged. \"Every ship we have, every satellite we have, every favor from every country… and all we found was ocean, Until three days ago. Clear as a bell, the Aurora's emergency beacon started blaring a little above Antarctica. She was drifting, no apparent damage. The only sign anything was wrong was the ten of you, plus dog, lying on the deck, sleeping like babies.\" He threw Rawhide a glance. \"Big babies.\" Rawhide snorted. And Thunder continued. \"We brought you to Sydney International, ran tests, ran more tests, made up tests to run when we ran out of the ordinary ones…. Hell, even Alaska Anne came on down to check you guys out herself. No one could find anything wrong with you and no one could wake you.\" He waved a hand at Pecos. \"Then, yesterday morning, Pecos shot up so sudden like Doc Reynolds is still sitting with a heart monitor. The rest of you started coming around one by one… Reno, then Knuckles… so on and so forth. All with the same, nasty tale to tell.\" \" So, it was some sort of shared dream.\" Buckaroo mumbled. \"And they didn't find anything wrong with us?\" \" Checked the ship's air filtering?\" Rawhide asked. \"Water cycling? Food? This didn't just happen!\" \" Checked, checked, quadruple check.\" Thunder answered. \"Even inventoried all the drugs and chemicals on board, checked them against manifest… nothing used, nothing missing. Whatever knocked you guys out was long gone without a trace by the time we found you.\" Knuckles threw a glare at Nurse Jabba. \"Why we quarantined… or something… if there's nothing wrong with us?\" \" Politics.\" \" Politics?\" Tommy Boy huffed. She sniffed. \"I can't touch you because governments are arguing over… what do they have to argue about? One of them do this to us?\" Thunder groaned, bouncing his head against the wall behind him. \"It's a big tug-a-war mess. Everyone wants credit for pulling the Aurora and the great Dr. Buckaroo Banzai from the water.\" He started his own angry pacing. \"We received the Aurora's signal through a US Navy satellite, so they want the credit. A Chinese Whaler was the first to eye ball you, So, China wants credit. We reached you on our own ship, but it happens to be registered in France. So France wants credit. We brought you to the closest medical center, Sydney International. Austria wants credit. And no one is letting anyone else say you're clean because that would give that someone else credit for a rescue that we, the Banzai Institute, in the whole, paid for, performed, and everything else required! And they're using your quarantine to keep us from just up and walking out of here with you guys. I mean, I had to wheel and deal to get this far! Did I mention Alaska Anne came all the way to Austria to check you all out herself? For crying out loud, it's been so long since she left Alaska, she arrived in a parka! Our own zoologists took care of Oddity. It's even his own cage brought all the way from the Jessie James Club in New York!\" Knuckles held up one hand, while scratching Oddity's ears with the other. \"BTW: thanks.\" Thunder stopped his pacing and offered her smile. \"Truth be told, I was a little afraid you'd hurt someone if he didn't show up sooner rather than later.\" Another glare at Nurse Jabba, who threw out her chin in challenge. \" Politics.\" Rawhide snarled, the word leaving a nasty taste in the back of his throat. Buckaroo sighed and dropped back on the bed beside his wife. \"I was hoping we were helping world peace.\" he grumbled. \"Not causing World War III.\" Peggy leaned against his back and asked Thunder \"Any idea how long we're stuck here?\" Thunder sighed. \"Well, Books is working legalities now. He's throwing a fit about illegal detaining and law suits and human rights and some sort of accord and a bunch of legal stuff I really don't want to understand.\" He tilted his head. \"And, if that doesn't work, Alaska Anne has a whole long list of reporters and talk show hosts. We'll have you out in a few days.\" \" Days?\" Tommy Boy groaned. Thunder winced. \"Maybe… a week…? A week at most!\" he gave an uneasy promise. \" A week?\" Tommy Boy practically sobbed. Dropping her head, she hugged herself. \" That's a whole hell of a load of crap!\" Knuckles snapped. \"All I want to do is go home and curl up in the tub!\" Perfect Tommy waved his hand. \"That's got my vote!\" \" That's all any of us want to do.\" Buckaroo agreed. Perfect Tommy and Knuckles glanced at him sharply. Buckaroo blushed. \"I was speaking figuratively. We all want to go back to our own safe, warm, cozy spots.\" Peggy swatted his shoulder, but Tommy pointed out \"I wasn't speaking figuratively.\" and Knuckles promptly smacked his shoulder. Thunder chuckled softly, then turned his attention back to his girl. \"Yea, well, so do I.\" he admitted to her. \"I want to get you back home, safe, warm, cozy, protected…\" Tommy Boy wiped her eyes. Thunder took a step toward her, instinctivly offering her some sort of comfort… any sort of comfort. \" Mister Thunder!\" Jabba snapped a warning. Thunder's out stretched hand dropped, balling up in a fist. \"Yea, yea, yea.\" he growled. \"Okay, let me go yell some and see if I can't get things moving any faster. Not that it'll do any good, but…\" He ground his teeth, not actually wanting to say that yelling at a bunch of idiot politicians was easier than standing there, just a few feet from Tommy Boy, seeing how much she needed him, and not being able to reach out and just touch her. Damn, damn, damn! He spun away and stepped through the door just as quickly as he could. Tommy Boy took a step after, but Nurse Jabba was quick to cut her off. \"Fine!\" she snapped at the nurse, spinning about and stomping off. Rawhide followed, putting his hand on her shoulder. \"You okay?\" he asked softly. \" No!\" she snapped at him. Wiping her eyes again, she leaned against him. \"I don't need home. I don't need safe or warm or cozy.\" Sniff. \"I just want to curl up with Thunder and forget everything…. Everything that happened…\" The big cowboy couldn't help but feel his own heart ache. And not just for her longing, but for his own sake, for the fact that it wasn't him she wanted. Glancing around he saw Buckaroo and Peggy leaning against each other; Reno and Pecos clinging to each other for dear life; Knuckles and Perfect Tommy fussing over Oddity; even Mrs. Johnson had wandered over to New Jersey to check on all his fingers and toes herself. And he made a decision. \" You know that moment when you die and you see your life pass before your eyes?\" he asked her. \"When you see all your regrets? You know what I regretted most?\" Tommy Boy looked up at him. \" Letting you go.\" he admitted. She dropped her eyes. \"Rawhide…\" But he grabbed her chin, bring her eyes up again. \"Don't let him walking out that door be your regret.\" Tommy Boy's brow scrunched in confusion. \"But the qurantine…\" \" Since when have we given a damn about politics?\" Rawhide grinned and stepped away. \"Knuckles! Feel like a fight?\" Like he needed to ask. \" Aye, aye, my Captain!\" Knuckles snarled, her eyes instantly locking on Nurse Jabba the Hut. \" Consider the muzzle off.\" Rawhide growled. He stepped up to the nearest man in a bio-suit and walloped him right in the jaw. \" Yee-haw!\" Knuckles lunged at Jabba. \" Ah, hell.\" Reno groaned, stepping away from Pecos. \"Think it's a mess now? Wait till we're all straight jacketed.\" That said, he sprang into the fight. Pecos actually laughed. Then she too picked out a target… victim. Buckaroo contemplated joining the fray, but Peggy rested her chin on his shoulder and whispered in his ear \"Remember? You're on vacation. Enjoy the show.\" So he resigned to sitting back and reminding them \"Don't hurt anyone.\" Tommy Boy stared. \"Oh, my god…\" she laughed as Rawhide began throwing bio-suits into the bathroom, trapping them. \" You got a reason to still be standing there?\" Peggy called to her. It was all the encouragement she needed. Tommy Boy was out the door and down the hall before anyone even knew she had moved. Thunder had only made it half way down the hall before he had to stop to argue with some man in a lab coat. His bio-suit had already been tossed aside. \" Thunder!\" she called after him. He turned just in time to catch her as she jumped into his arms. \"Tommy Boy, what are you…\" He stopped when Nurse Jabba stumbled back out of the room and crashed into the wall. With a growl, the hefty woman picked herself up, readjusted her bio-suit, put her head down, and charged back in. \" What the hell…?\" Thunder asked. \" The detaining is about to become legal.\" Tommy Boy informed him. \"Kiss me quick!\" Grinning, he did just that. Wrapping his arms around her back, lifting her up off her feet, kissing her for all he was worth… And, for a moment, the world slipped away, leaving just the two of them. \" Ow!\" Tommy Boy suddenly hissed. Thunder dropped her back to her feet. \"What?\" he wanted to know. Not waiting to be told, his hands followed hers to the back of her right shoulder. Pulling the hospital shirt out of the way he saw what she was complaining about. \" It burns.\" Tommy Boy hissed, tilting her head, holding her hair out of the way. Thunder frowned at what he saw. A small chunk of flesh torn away. It didn't bleed as if it had just happened, but it hadn't been there before. The edges of the wound were turned up slightly, the skin already dead, the exposed muscle graying. A clear, glistening ooze seeped from the wound. \" I think… it's some sort of bite.\" Thunder mumbled, puzzled. Tommy Boy gasped, her hands coming up to her face. She stumbled back away from him, staring at him with big, frightened eyes. Thunder looked back, confused. He held out his hand, not understanding why she was backing away from him. \"Tommy Boy?\" But her eyes shifted passed him. Frowning, he turned. Coming down the hall, in through every door and window were hundreds, thousands even, of small, blond, blue eyed children, each armed with a knife and a blood stained grin. 0o0o0o0o0 The Island The End 0o0o0o0o0 ","Summary":" The Island By The Chronicler \"Not my fault! Not my fault! NOT MY FAULT!\" Peggy rolled her eyes. "},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"As Time Goes By","Author":"Gintomi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4488353","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Maybe you're not trying hard enough. Maybe I should cancel those release papers and have him stay a little while longer at Drancy … or should I transfer him to Auschwitz? I'm having a hard time deciding\" \"Please Major Strasser just a little more time. Mr. Blaine is a cold man who keeps to himself. I've tried for weeks now to get information from him, but he's a bitter, self absorbed, broken American.\" Yvonne got onto her knees and grabbed Major Strasser's hand. With tears forming in her eyes she begged him for her brothers life \"Anton is all I have left, please don't harm him please. I just need more time, I'll find a way to make that man trust me, but I need a little more time, please Major Strasser!\" The German Major threw off Yvonne's hands and walked over to get his hat and jacket. \"I'm going over there now to get my transit papers back, you have one more week before your brother meets an unfortunate factory accident.\" Major Strasser turned and walked out of Yvonne's apartment. She was lucky Sascha didn't walk her inside and offer himself a drink like he usually did. Yvonne had been communicating with Major Strasser through letters and telegrams since their first meeting in occupied France eight months ago. \" Well it says here that your brother is a spy for the Resistance, we had no choice but to put him in a concentration camp.\" \" But your wrong Major! Anton is harmless and weak. He has trouble breathing, his body cannot handle the stress that a spy must endure!\" \" Perhaps you're right. I'll tell you what. You help me out with a few, oh we'll call them fact-finding missions, and I in turn will look over your brothers' case and see that we've made a mistake and release him. Do we have a deal?\" Yvonne had traveled from France, to Poland, Czechoslovakia, Italy, and now to Casablanca helping Major Strasser find information on men he deemed a threat to the Nazis Army. Richard Blaine was the last person she had to find incriminating information on before her brother could be released. She feared every day for his health and safety, but kept her faith. Yvonne would soon be reunited with him and they could either go to America or Portugal until it was safe to return to France. Looking into the mirror she touched her face and began to sob. If anyone found out what she had been doing they would kill her as a traitor to her country. \"I just want to go home,\" she said as she touched the sobbing woman staring back at her, the glass was cool under her fingertips. She let her fingers trail down to the mirrors edge while she continued to stare into the eyes of tragic woman before her. Yvonne picked up her hair brush and began to comb through her hair \"If good looks and humor aren't enough to win you over, maybe a jealous heart is the key.\"[Chapter 2] \"Hurry up! I feel like drinking and seeing the sites,\" the three German soldiers laughed as they pulled up next to the curb of Ricks Café Americana. \"Wait a minute Hans … someone has to stay with the car. We can not leave a military issued vehicle unattended with so many enemies around\" Dearg smiled at the weaker soldier while Bruno chuckled in the front seat. \"But I wanted to go out and have fun tonight Dearg, why can't Bruno watch the car?\" \"Because I have a better chance of meeting fine young women with Bruno, you might scare them off\" hopping out of the car both Bruno and Dearg howled in laughter as they walked into the café. Hans sat in the backseat and huffed \"Why do I let them treat me this way? They'll see … one day I'll show them who's top dog.\" \"Those men are buffoons.\" Turning around, Hans saw a beautiful French woman looking him up and down. \"Men who act like children will attract weak and undesirable women, you on the other hand, seem to show class …\" Yvonne walked up to the side of the car and began stroking the soldiers' arm \"Would you like to show them what type of women you attract monsieur?\" The German soldier nodded dumbfounded and got out of the car. Extending his arm Yvonne took it and began charming Hans until they were laughing like old friends as they marched into Ricks'. ","Summary":" \"Maybe you're not trying hard enough. Maybe I should cancel those release papers and have him stay"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Forgiveness","Author":"Ninja Elsa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4800070","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimers: All rights to owners. I gain nothing but my own amusement. If younsue me you will end up with dust bunnies and cracker crumbs. Apologiesnto Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton,nwho wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision,, andnto Keira Knightley, James McAvoy and the rest of the cast fornbringing Joe's vision to life. Notes: Some images and references are taken from the novel, others from thenmovie. Some are taken from unused scenes in the script. Forgiveness by NinjanElizabeth Chaptern1 GhostnPart 1 June,n1940 Dunkirk Bray Dunes PrivatenRobbie Turner opened his eyes and gave his sore aching body a goodnlong stretch. It felt good. He felt good, the best he had inndays... weeks, even months. He was going home. Cecilia. He couldnstill hear her words clearly as the day she whispered them in hisnear. \"I love you. Come back. Come back to me.\" If he thoughtnabout it, he could feel the soft touch of her lips when they lastnkissed at the bus stop. \"I'mncoming home, Cee.\" he replied. \"I'm coming home!\" Somethingnwas wrong. It was quiet, almost too quiet. He looked around. Wherenwas everybody. He called out to Mace and Nettle. Nobody stirred. nHe had instructed Nettle to wake him up early. Why had he been leftnbehind? Then he saw it... him. A blanket cover the body. The handnthat stuck out from under it looked as though it had been holdingnsomething. His letters. Every letter Cecilia and his mother hadnsent him, and the picture of the cottage Cecilia's friend said theyncould use when he was on leave. In that instant, everything becamenclear. He wasn't going home. He wasn't going to see Cecilianagain. He would never hold her in his arms and kiss her again. Henwas dead. 'I'llnwait for you. Come back to me,' he could hear her say every timenhe read her letters. She had signed every one she sent to him sincenhe had joined the Army that way. The letters he hoped that Nettlenhad taken. He was the only one who would have thought themnimportant. 'Your loving, Cee.' Henleft himself to his eternal rest and headed up the stairs of thenbunker. He felt so alone. He felt so empty. He had come so farnonly to fail. All his dreams of being with her were just a thing ofnthe past now. All his suffering had come to an end. How long had itnbeen? Did she know he was supposed to be on his way home? Did shenknow he was dead? How would she know how hard he tried to make it? Hensat down on an abandoned jeep. It was still too quiet. He missednthe heavy footfalls of Mace and the constant chatter of Nettle. Henlooked out across the ocean. He hoped they made it out safe. Henreached for his letters, forgetting that they weren't there. Hensighed. He thought of Cecilia, beautiful Cecilia. She was sonbeautiful that summer day when she defiantly stripped down to hernslip to retrieve the broken vase from the fountain. She wasnabsolutely breath taking in the green dress she wore to dinner. Shenhad been there everyday of his trial, sometimes being the only onensitting on his side. She loved him. Robbie Turner, the charlady'snson. She supported him when everybody save his mother had turned onnhim. It broke his heart to hear her cry out when the verdict ofn'guilty' was handed down. She whispered the words in his earnagain. 'I love you. I'll wait for you. Come back to me.' Prison.n He was alone. 'Morbidly oversexed' they had labeled him. 'Thensubject may become dangerously inflamed should he see her.' Thenonly visitor he was allowed was his mother. She could not visit asnoften as she or he wanted. It was awkward for her to ask the verynpeople who had put him away for permission or time to visit him. Henknew that. Just knowing that she loved him was enough. It was fromnher that he learned that Cecilia had left home, turning her back onnher family. It was months before her letters began to arrive. Theynwere so dry and emotionless. At first he didn't get it. Shendidn't write at first about his responses. When she wrote aboutnfinding a 'something green in her closet and going to the librarynto find a quiet corner to read' he got it. She had never gottennhis first letters, nor had he received hers. That was why it hadntaken her so long to write. Their correspondence was beingnmonitored. From that moment on, they wrote in 'code'. Sometimesnit took him days to figure out what she was talking about. But hendidn't mind reading her words over and over again. He was sure shenlikewise had the same problem with his letters and the same joy. nWhen he was given the choice of staying in prison or joining thenArmy, he chose the Army... anything to get out of the rotten concretencell he lived in. He could prove himself, he fancied. Perhaps gainnrespect, clear his name. One step closer to a live with his belovednCee. Lookingnaround at his surroundings Robbie began to wonder. Was he alone? nHad the others moved on? Surely he wasn't the only soldier who hadndied and was left behind. Where were they? Sliding off the hood ofnthe jeep, Robbie wandered toward what was left of the town. He foundnthe pub. He could hear singing and merriment coming from inside. nWhat he saw saddened him a bit. There were soldiers inside drinkingnand carrying on without a care in the world. Some of them over theirndead selves. He was not like them. He was moving on, they werendoomed to haunt the shores of Dunkirk. It was not the place for him. Hisnplace was with Cecilia. She was waiting for him. It wasn't hownthey hoped to meet again, but Robbie vowed that he would wait fornher. He dreamed of being with her again. He dreamed of the day henreturned to find her waiting for him, running into his arms, kissingnhim. He dreamed of getting down on one knee and asking her to marrynhim. But none of that mattered now. All those dreams had beennshattered. He was dead. He never had the chance. Briony. He spitnher name. What did she want? He hated her. His mother told him notnto hate, but he was sure she hated her as much as he did. He hatednthem all. Every single member of the Tallis family save one, thenmiddle child, Cecilia. She was the only one who stood by him alongnside his mother. Suddenly,nRobbie found himself at the natural pool at the far end of the Tallisngrounds. He spit her name again. \"I should have let you drown!\",nhe screamed. \"I should have let you drown!\" Robbiengagged. The stench of urine on cold concrete filled his nostrils. n\"NO!\" he screamed. He was back in his prison cell. He closednhis eyes tightly. Think of happier times he told himself. Henfocused his thoughts on the last time he saw Cecilia. Henfound himself looking into the window of the Swallow Teahouse. Henchuckled to himself. He could almost imagine Cecilia standing therenin her nurse uniform looking at him, almost terrified. She was asnterrified as he was. \"I'm sorry I'm late,\" he lied. \"Ingot lost.\" The truth was he kept backtracking, changing his mind tonsee her in his nervousness. Would she be there? Would he recognizenher? Would she recognize him? He cursed himself now. Lost time. nHe entered the teahouse. The noise did not change. Life went on. nHe recalled the gentleness of her hand on his as he stirred his tea. nHe had pulled away. \"Every day,\" she said. \"I would have beennthere every day had I been allowed.\" Her eyes were as sad as his. nRobbie recalled how firm yet loving her touch on his cheek was. n\"Robbie. Come back, come back to me\" she repeated. Hendecided he had enough of the noisy teahouse and retraced the routenthey walked to where she caught her bus, holding hands. He snickerednwondering just how 'ghastly' her flat was as what her 'nosynlandlady' was really like. There was always a bit of snobbery tonCecilia but he kind of liked that. She wasn't as bad as her familynwas however. He saw the No. 19 bus to Balham He ran after it andnthis time hopped on. He didn't know where he was going but at onenpoint felt that it was time to get off. Walkingndown the sidewalk he looked around at the people going on with theirnlives. They were completely unaware of the horrors that were takingnplace overseas. How could they? The new only reported the victoriesnand never the casualties. They never reported the whole story. Hennoticed a soldier walking. He kept looking at a paper in his hand. nHe looked a bit lost. Robbie decided to follow him. Thensoldier stopped in front of a building. Apartments. Robbie noticednthe pigs in the front. There was a woman on the steps of onensweeping. The soldier addressed the woman. \"Tallis!nDoor!\" the woman shrieked. Robbie'snheart, if it still beat, would have skipped a few beats. This wasnCecilia's flat. This was where his beloved Cee lived. The doornopened and there she was. He smiled. She was wearing a familiarnblue robe. His robe. His mother must have given it to her. She hadnwritten about how she visited his mother. She was just as henremembered from the last time he saw her at the teahouse. Hernexpression saddened when she saw the soldier. He handed her a smallnpackage wrapped in brown paper and string then walked away. Robbienglared at him. So cold. But then Robbie felt a little sorry fornhim. He must have performed his duty too many times, and it wouldnnot be the last. Nothingncould have prepared Robbie for what happened next. A gut wretchingnscream pierced the silence of the summer afternoon followed bynuncontrollable sobs. Robbie turned to face Cecilia, now seated onnthe steps in front of her door. She had opened the small package. nIt was his letters and the picture of her friend's cottage wherenthey had hoped to spend time together. It broke his heart to seenCecilia crying. The last time he had seen her cry was that Novembernday in court when he was sentenced but it was nothing like her sobsnnow. Hensat down next to her hoping he could be of some comfort as shenlooked through the bundle of letters she had written him. \"Inkept them all, Cee. Every letter you wrote to me while I was in thenArmy.\" Robbie replied. \"I kept them close to my heart.\" Cecilianwiped the tears that continued down her cheeks as she looked at thenpicture of the cottage she had given to Robbie. How exited she hadnbeen at the prospect of going there with him. \"I'mnsorry I didn't make it.\" Robbie responded. Wiping here tears. n\"I tried.\" He stood up. He could not bare to see her cry anynlonger. She held the bundle close to her heart. He cupped her facenin his hand. \"Cecilia, I love you. I'll wait for you. Looknfor me and you'll find me.\" Withnthat Robbie turned and disappeared as he walked down the street. Hendid not see Cecilia raise a hand to her cheek and look up to where henstood only moments before. \"Robbie,nI love you.\"[Chapter 2] Disclaimers: All rights to owners. I gain nothing but my own amusement. If younsue me, you will end up with dust bunnies and cracker crumbs. Apologiesnto Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton,nwho wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and tonKeira Knightley, James McAvoy and the rest of the cast for bringingnJoe's vision to life. Notes: Some images and references are taken from the novel, others from thenmovie. Some are taken from unused scenes in the script. Forgiveness by NinjanElizabeth Chaptern2 NevernAlone Julyn1940, Tallis House Lodge WardnSister Cecilia set her coat and overnight bag down on a small woodnchair by the dining table and made herself at home in the lodge housenthat belonged to Grace Turner. She visited Robbie's mothernwhenever her schedule allowed. She knew how hard it was for her toncontinue to work for the family that had condemned her only son. Butnwhere could she go? Robbie's trial had been a public one, and notnonly was there a stain on his name but hers as well. No one wouldnhire a woman whose only son had been convicted of raping a child. nShe had not been fired, nor the lodge house taken away, so shencontinued to do her job. That fact caused Cecilia to hate hernwretched family even more. Grace had assured Cecilia that she wouldnbe all right. \"Your defiance will be for the both of us. You arenyoung and have a life full of opportunity in front of you.\" Thenolder woman told her the day she had come to say 'good-bye'. EnteringnRobbie's room, Cecilia put on a record. At Robbie's desk she rannher hand over the keys of his typewriter that had stamped out thatnnow infamous letter a little more than five years ago, the letternthat he had mistakenly placed in the envelope to be given to her. Innhis modesty he had given the letter to her sister upon seeing her onnthe Surrey path on the way to the main house. She spit her sister'snname. She had betrayed Robbie by reading the letter that day. Hentrusted her and she betrayed him. She betrayed her as well. Cecilianhad placed the letter in the vanity in her room before coming down tonanswer the door for Robbie. Her sister was the only one who knewnabout the letter and would have dared to enter and search her roomnfor the letter to give to the police. Their mother was alwaysncomplaining about the state of Cecilia's room and how she nevernwanted to set foot in it. That suited the little as well as grown upnCecilia just fine. Tearsnfilled Cecilia's eyes as she recalled the day in the trial asnRobbie sat on the stand, accused and already presumed guilty by mostnof those there to witness the proceedings, forced to read the letternthat was never meant to be seen, let alone read by anyone butnhimself. \"In my dreams I kiss your cunt, your sweet wet cunt. Innmy thoughts I make love to you all day long.\" Cecilia smiled atnhim. To hear the words from his mouth filled here heart with love. nRobbie managed a half smile at her. Robbie was always so quiet andnprivate. It was so hard for him to be put on 'display' for thentrial. Shensighed and wiped her tears on her arm as she placed her hand on thenvacant spot on the desk. Robbie's copy of \"Gray's Anatomy\"nhad once lay there. That book was now on her dining table. Hearingnthe door open, Cecilia took a deep breath. It would be Robbie'snmother. \"Cecilia?n Is that you?\" \"InnRobbie's room, Grace.\" Cecilia replied. Momentsnlater she was joined by Robbie's mother. Her face lit up when shensaw the young lady whom her son loved. Cecilia however noticed hownmuch the older woman had aged since her last visit leaving with ansense of hope for the both of them that Robbie would soon be home. \"I'mnsorry I didn't come sooner.\" Cecilia responded with a bit ofnguilt in her tone. \"Things are really picking up at the hospital. nIt's been hard to get away.\" GracenTurner hugged the middle Tallis child. She had known the now grownnyoung woman most of her life. \"It's all right, dear. I knew younwould come when you were ready.\" she replied softly knowing thatnthe load at the hospital wasn't the only reason for the delay innher visit. \"How did you learn ...?\" Pullingnaway and lead Grace down to where she had left her coat. She tooknout the bundle of letters she now kept in her inside pocket. Shenhanded them to Robbie's mother. \"A soldier came to my flat andngave me these. I want you to have them. I added the letters Inreceived from Robbie to the bundle.\" \"Incan't take these, Cee. They are your letters from him... yours tonhim.\" \"Inwant you to have them. I love Robbie, Grace. And Robbie loved me. nI have the only letter I need at my flat.\" She replied clutchingnthe letters in Grace's hands. \"Please keep them safe. Somethingnto remember us both by.\" Gracensmiled. \"I will keep them close to my heart.\" She replied. n\"Can you stay for dinner?\" \"Incan. I don't have to report back to the hospital until tomorrownevening. I didn't expect to see you back so soon. I was going tonprepare supper for the both of us.\" \"Bettynsent me home early. Bless her heart. It's more work for her, butnshe knows I do not want to be near the present company.\" the oldernwoman responded. \"It's hard enough seeing Emily and Jack on anregular basis. Besides, you are much better company.\" \"Inshould hope so!\" Cecilia teased. **n * CottagenHouse Eastbourne Robbiensat on a hill overlooking the cottage that gave him a view similar tonthe photo that Cecilia had given him. It was his favorite placensince deciding that this was where he would wait for her. nOccasionally he wandered the shores, frolicked in the waves, or wentninside the cottage but today, he sat on the hill. They had plannednto meet here until his leave was canceled. Ancar pulled up to the cottage. Curious, Robbie watched as three youngnladies exited and headed for the cottage. One had to be Cecilia'snfriend by the way one of them kept going on about what a 'lovelyncottage' her friend had. Jane was the owner of the cottage. \"Oh,nJane! It's so lovely! The pictures just don't do it justice. nIt's so sad that Cecilia could not come here with her fiancé. nShe should have come with us today! She should not be alone.\" onenof the young ladies went on. \"It's not fair that he didn'tnmake it home.\" \"She'snbeen here before,\" Jane responded. \"She came here regardless ofnhim not being able to make it since she had arranged for the timenoff.\" Robbie'snheart warmed. Was that how Cecilia referred to him when talking withnher friends? Her fiance? \"Imaginenreceiving word that all your dreams of happiness torn to pieces bynlearning that the man you love died overseas in this ridiculous war.\"nLydia continued. \"She shouldn't be alone. You should haveninsisted she come with us, Jane!\" Thenthird young lady sighed. \"She won't be alone. Cecilia told menthat she was going to her fiance's mother's house.\" shenreplied. \"She had last seen her when they learned of the retreatnto Dunkirk. They had a sense of hope then.\" Robbiensmiled. He was the fiance, not that he had any doubts but it wasnnice to hear it confirmed. Cecilia had written him about how shenvisited his mother. He walked about the house following the threenyoung ladies. It was nice to hear their mindless chatter about 'girlnthings' and work at the hospital. He found himself smiling everyntime his beloved Cee was mentioned or 'her darling fiance'. 'Myndarling', he could hear her say. It was how Emily referred to hernhusband, something the Cecilia must have picked up from her mother. nIt was such a relief from the constant rambling of Nettle and thennumbing silence of the rare occasions when Nettle didn't havenanything to say as they trekked toward Dunkirk. He had heard nothingnbut his own voice in prison. And he had no sisters. His only othernexposure to female chatter was that of Cecilia and her little sister,nbut being born ten years apart it consisted mostly of the oldernsister bossing the younger sister around or yelling at her to stopntouching her things and to stop following her. Despite his hatred ofnthe younger sister now, he could not help but snicker at the memoryn'bossy Cecilia' and 'little Briony' tagging along behind. nThe sisters had been so close once. In fact, Cecilia had been closento both her older brother and younger sister. Itnwas getting dark when Robbie decided to move on. He had his fill ofnthe girl chatter for a while. He would return once they were gone. Standingnover his mother sleeping in her favorite chair, Robbie smiled. Henwould often come home after working late to find her in the very samenspot. He would wake her and help her to her room or draw her a hotnbath. Tonight he could do none of that. He hoped that she wasndreaming peacefully of happier times not of his death or of missingnhim. He kissed her on her forehead and wandered on through thenhouse. Nothingnhad changed. It was just as he left it that hot June afternoon anlittle over five years ago. Two sets of plates were soaking in thensink. He smiled. Cecilia must have stayed for dinner. He movednon to his study. His typewriter was still on his desk but his copynof Gray's Anatomy was missing. \"Cecilia must have it,\" henmused. He was certain that his mother would not give any of hisnthings away except to Cecilia. Makingnhis way to his bedroom he smiled seeing Cecilia sleeping peacefullynin his bed. She was so very beautiful, so relaxed. He had nevernseen her like that before. Even as a child there was always an erenof confidence about her. Some would have called it conceit ornsnobbery, but Robbie never saw it that way. Yes, there was a bit ofnsnobbery to the way she acted but it was the way she was raised. nThat night in the library, everything changed. Hensat down next to her sleeping form. She stirred and rolled overntowards him. Could she sense that he was near? Was she dreaming ofnhim? \"Cee,nI'm here. I'll be waiting for you at the cottage.\" He brushedna strand of hair from her eyes. \"Thanks for being here for mynmother. I love you.\" Cecilia'sneyes opened. \"Robbie?\" she responded, then started to cry. Robbienfelt bad. He didn't like to see her cry. He has witnessed it toonmany times. He had seen her tears that day in the library when shenfeared that he did not feel the same way about her that she felt fornhim. He had seen her tears that night when he returned with thentwins. He had seen her tears everyday of his trial as she sat therenoften alone in support of him. And he had seen her tears the day shenreceived his letters learning of his death. Henstood up. \"I'm sorry I disturbed you, Cee. Please don't cry. nI'll wait for you. Look for me and you'll find me.\" \"Inlove you. Come back. Come back to me,\" she responded reaching outnto where he had been sitting. Shencould sense him. He was sure of it. He leaned over and kissed hernon the cheek, then disappeared. It would be too painful for them ifnhe remained. He would wait for her. He knew she would know where tonlook. Ceciliantouched her cheek, smiled and went back to sleep. **n * TallisnHouse Lodge GracenTurner whistled as she prepared breakfast for herself and Cecilia. nIt was so very nice to have company. She was glad that Cecilia couldnstay and did not have to rush away after dinner. They had playedncards after dinner and laughed telling stories about earlier times. Shenchuckled as a very groggy Cecilia shuffled into the kitchen wearingnthe robe belonging to Robbie that she had given her. She wasnreminded of the many times a groggy little Cecilia shuffled into thenkitchen having slept in late and missing breakfast with her family. nRobbie was always more than happy to share his oatmeal with her sonlittle Cecilia sat down and ate with her and her little son. \"Goodnmorning, Cee. Did you sleep well?\" Grace asked. Cecilianyawned. \"I did. Thank you.\" she replied wondering what thenolder woman was chuckling about. She set the table while Gracenfinished up breakfast. Theynate quietly. Then Grace turned to Cecilia looking rather serious. nCecilia was concerned. \"Grace,nis there something wrong?\" She asked. Gracentook a deep breath. \"You will probably think I'm just a crazynold woman, but I think Robbie was with us last night.\" \"You'rennot crazy. He was here.\" Cecilia replied. \"I've felt himnbefore, the day I learned of his death.\" \"You'venfelt him before?\", she asked. The older woman sniffled. \"Is mynlittle boy doomed to wander the earth?\" \"No.n I think he's waiting for me. I promised I would wait for him. nGranted I meant that I would wait until he was released from prisonnand later after he returned from the war... I'm sure he'snwaiting for me.\" Gracensmiled. She knew her son loved Cecilia. And it made her happy tonsee that Cecilia truly loved her son. \"Grace,\"nCecilia asked, \"I'm going to go to the Sparrow Teahouse before Inreport to the hospital tonight. Would you like to join me? It'snthe last place I saw Robbie. I would love the company.\" \"Inwould love to join you, Cee.\"[Chapter 3] Disclaimers: All rights to owners. I gain nothing but my own amusement. If younsue me, you will end up with dust bunnies and cracker crumbs. Apologiesnto Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton,nwho wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and tonKeira Knightley, James McAvoy and the rest of the cast for bringingnJoe's vision to life. Notes: Some images and references are taken from the novel, others from thenmovie. Some are taken from unused scenes in the script. Forgiveness by NinjanElizabeth Chaptern3 Looknfor me and you'll find me 15nOctober 1940, Dudley Villas, Balham Cecilianignored her landlady as she stumbled up the stairs to her door. nFumbling though her coat pockets, she looked for her keys. \"Well!n It's about time you came home, Tallis.\" Mrs. Jarvis replied. nShe had the type of voice that if she wanted you to hear her, you didnand that did not sit well with Cecilia at the moment. She was tirednand just wanted to go to her room. \"I am not your secretary.\" \"Whatnon earth are you rambling about?\" Cecilia replied. \"I am not innthe mood for your chatter. I've spent the last three days at thenhospital and I just want to take a hot bath and sleep in my bed.\" Unfazed,nMrs. Jarvis continued. \"Your brother came to see you.\" Shenreplied. \"I told him you hadn't been home in days . . . nprobably ran off with some lonely soldier. Nice fellow. You shouldnbe more like him.\" \"Kindlynkeep your opinions about my family to yourself, Mrs. Jarvis. And Indon't appreciate you speculating about my personal life, especiallynto my wretched family members.\" Cecilia replied she knew to deafnears. \"You needn't worry about me for much longer. I'll benleaving at the end of the month.\" She found her keys and openednher door. \"Henleft something for you.\" Cecilianentered her apartment stepping over an envelope on the floornaddressed to her. Curse her wretched little sister. She must havengiven her address to her brother. Right now she did not feel likenmaking the effort to stop, bend over and pick it up. Her bed wasncalling. *** Shenhad finally managed to drift off to a peaceful sleep when a bombnblast rocked the building knocking her off her bed. Almost byninstinct, Cecilia got up, grabbed her sweater and coat and ran fromnher bedroom. She stopped at the kitchen to see that the copy ofnGray's Anatomy had fallen to the floor, open to the pagesndescribing the woman's vagina, exposing a handwritten letter tuckednin between its pages. Cecilianpaused, bent over, made sure the letter was tucked in securely andnclosed the book as she picked it up, taking it with her. So much forna soak in a hot bath and change of clothes, she thought to herself asnthe air raid sirens began to blare loudly. She rushed out of hernflat to the underground tube station. The streets would be full ofnpanicked civilians by now. Thensmell of the nearby blast was instantly recognizable. Smoke from thenfires as well as the smell of death if one, such as a Ward Sister atnan EMS hospital, knew what it smelled like filled the air. Thenemergency personnel tried to maintain order on the streets but it wasnalmost hopeless. Uponnmaking it to the tube station, Cecilia pushed her way to the frontnthrough the crowd. Being a nurse had her advantages. She had thenright to go to the front of the emergency lines to help with thenwounded and sick. She felt a bit guilty for all she really wanted tonget into the makeshift shelter and try to sleep. Atnthe front she checked in by showing her ID card and was allowedninside. She did her duty by checking in with the emergency personnelnin the tube station. \"SisternTallis! You've escaped!\" The young nurse assisting the headndoctor replied. \"I can't believe they let you out!\" Cecilianchuckled recognizing the voice of the always cheerful Nurse Bennet. n\"Yes, I escaped. I was trapped for three days. I never did get mynbath. I had just fallen asleep when the bomb hit.\" NursenBennet turned to the doctor beside her. \"Oh please, doctor, letnSister Tallis get some rest? I work with her at the EMS. She'snbeen there for three days!\" Thendoctor nodded. He knew that everyone was being overworked. \"Tellnme, Sister. Is this nurse always like this?\" NursenBennet blushed. Cecilia smiled. \"Yes. But rest assured, doctor,nshe is a very good nurse. I don't think we've ever had tondiscipline her for her behavior, or saying the wrong thing.\" \"Thatnis good to hear. I've enjoyed her company.\" The doctor replied.n \"Find a space, get some rest. If I need you, I'll send NursenBennet to find you.\" Cecilianwas relieved. She knew that she really did need some rest. Shenwasn't sure she could get it in the tube station, but at least shencould try. She wandered down the tube and found a place to lay. Shenused her sweater as a pillow and her coat as a blanket to cover hernlegs. The station smelled worse than usual as she lay on the cementnplatform. Shenopened the copy of Gray's Anatomy and turned to the pagesndescribing the woman's vagina. She always thought it was funnynthat this was where Robbie had left the letter he meant to send. nGrace had told her that she had found the letter on top of thosenpages so she kept the letter there. No wonder he wrote what he did. nIt made her smile. She sometimes wondered if he typed the letter hensent by mistake before or after he wrote the letter now pressednbetween the pages. She unfolded the letter and read it to herself,nhearing Robbie's voice as she read. She actually knew the words onnthe page by heart, but she liked to look at the words that Robbie hadnhand written that day. \"Dear Cecilia, You'd be forgiven fornthinking me mad for the way I acted this afternoon. The truth is Infeel rather light-headed and foolish in your presence, Cee, and Indon't think I can blame the heat. Will you forgive me? Robbie.\" Shenkissed her finger tips and ran them across the page ever so gently. n\"I love you, darling.\" She replied softly before placing thenletter back between the pages of the book. Shenhad gone though the events of that fateful day so many times over thenyears from the moment Robbie was accused and the police were callednto only a day or so ago. Who was to blame? Could it have beennavoided? If she hadn't been such a snob and just told him how shenfelt . . . How was Robbie supposed to even know that she liked himnafter the way she treated him? She certainly didn't give anynindication, or did she? What did Leon think she would see in PaulnMarshall anyway? She knew that there was more to bringing him homento merely show off his rich friends. If he had not invited him therenwould have been any reason to bring out uncle Clem's vase. DamnnLeon for inviting Robbie to dinner. Whennshe had exhausted what, she thought was every single angle, evernsingle points of view she always came down to one single conclusion. nBriony. She hated that name. She hated every syllable. She hatednthe fact that she found her address and dared to write her, and notnonly that give the address to Leon. She hated the fact that she wasnnow a nurse. It made her cringe every time someone asked her if shenhad a sister. She hated the fact that she had not gone up tonCambridge and followed her into nursing. Damn her. She hated hernfor her little stories. Damn her. Ceciliantried to sleep, but she was restless. The sounds of the bombingnalthough somewhat muffled from being underground could not benignored. It made her uneasy. Then there was the tingling sensationnin her legs that was on the verge of driving her mad. A young boynhad decided to make her legs his pillow causing her legs to fallnasleep. Therenwas a loud blast, louder than before, followed by an eerie silence. nThe lights flickered. They had not done that before. Cecilia satnup. Then they heard it, the sound of water, fast rushing water. Thenwater mains had broken. They were doomed. A state of panicnoverwhelmed the tube station. Cecilianfound herself surprisingly calm as she grabbed for her coat andnsweater. She looked for Robbie's copy of Gray's Anatomy only tonfind that it had been kicked just beyond her reach in the panic justnas the wall of water slammed into her. Shenclosed her eyes and took a deep breath. There was no point innstruggling . . . ...n\"Robbie?\" Cecilia called out to a uniformed figure standing a fewnfeet away from her. \"Darling, is that you?\" Thenfigure laughed as he came into focus. It was a hearty laugh, not thenfunny little giggle sound that Robbie made. \"Not Robbie, I'mnafraid,\" the figure replied as he came into focus. \"I'm sorry.n But he is waiting for you. You must be Cecilia.\" Cecilianimmediately recognized the man by his uncanny resemblance to hernfather. She was confused. Why was her Uncle Clem coming for her? n\"Uncle Clem,\" she replied sheepishly, \"I'm sorry I broke yournvase.\" UnclenClem laughed. It was a laugh so much not at all like his brother,nher father. \"I forgive you, Cecilia, but you are not the one whonneeds forgiving. Take care of yourself.\" Hernuncle began to fade away. Cecilia began to panic. She began tonchoke and gag. \"Wait! Come back! Come back to me!\" Shenscreamed to no avail. Her uncle continued to fade. She tried toncalm herself. \"Robbie . . . come back. Come back to me . . . \" \"Looknfor me and you'll find me . . . \" **n * Hernlife began playing back . . . groggy and hungry from missingnbreakfast with her family and walking into the kitchen to find Robbienand his mother eating. Robbie smiling at her offering to share hisnbowl of oatmeal with her. Running through the fallen autumn leavesnwith Robbie and her brother. Going up to Cambridge and feelingnawkward. Watching Robbie from the window rolling a cigarette andndeciding to walk past him. The tug of war at the fountain. Thenlibrary. The trial. The last day she saw him giving him the picturenof her friend's cottage . . . Cecilianfound herself standing in the kitchen of her friend's cottage. Itnwas just as it was during her visit, alone. She looked out thenkitchen window and could see someone frolicking in the waves runningnback and fourth trying not to get his feet wet. Shenwent out the back door and headed toward the shore. As she gotncloser, she could see that it was a soldier. He wasn't as tall andnstocky as her Uncle Clem, whom she had met only moments before. Thatnmeant the soldier before her had to be – \"Robbie!\"nCecilia screamed surprising herself with her excitement as she ranntoward him. Thensoldier stopped his shoreline frolic only to get hit by a large wave.n He smiled and welcomed the beautiful young woman running toward himnwith open arms. \"Cecilia!\"nhe responded as he took her into his arms and began to spin aroundnand around until he was too dizzy to stand. Fallingnto the ground in a dizzy laughing heap the two reunited lovers couldndo nothing more than just laugh and hold each other tightly, notnwanting to let go. They were together again, at last and nothingnwould tear them apart.[Chapter 4] Apologiesnto Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton,nwho wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and tonKeira Knightley, James McAvoy and the rest of the cast for bringingnJoe's vision to life. Notes: Some images and references are taken from the novel, others from thenmovie. Some are taken from unused scenes in the script. Somenobviously for this work of fan fiction. Forgiveness by NinjanElizabeth Chaptern4 Lifengoes on 25nDecember 1940, Tallis House EmilynTallis emerged from her bedroom. Her migraine still raged but shenfelt it was necessary to play hostess. She had after all insisted onnhaving everyone for Christmas dinner. Her thoughts turned tonCecilia, her second child and eldest daughter. She would always takenon the hostess duties without question, although she knew she wasnsomewhat reluctant, she never complained. Christmas had always beennone of her favorite holidays. She was always so thoughtful in thengifts she chose for each family member. She was the only one of hernchildren she allowed to comfort her when she had one of hernmigraines. Cecilia was the most like her and probably sufferednherself. But her little girl had a stubborn side as well. It wasnthat stubbornness that often put a rift in their otherwise lovingnrelationship of mother and daughter. Shenstumbled against the banister at the head of the stairs and rubbednher throbbing temples. Smoke. She smelled cigarette smoked andnwhipped around to face an empty hallway. She laughed to herselfnrealizing that her first reaction was to yell at Cecilia. The doornto Cecilia's room had been locked since the day she left homenalmost five years ago. She felt a little silly turning to yell atnCecilia but she smelled smoke. She was sure of it. She wiped a tearnfrom her eye and continued down the stairs. She missed her daughternever since she left home. She admired her for her stubbornness andnlove in her defense of Robbie. She knew her daughter liked the youngnman but never realized just how much until that day in thencourthouse. Nothing was more heartbreaking than to hear usuallynstrong and defiantly confident daughter break down in tears when thenguilty verdict was read. Now there was no chance of ever telling herndaughter just how much she loved her as she had learned that she hadndied in the underground tube station of Balham. Thatnwas one of the reasons she had made such an effort to surroundnherself with family for the holiday despite the war going on. Shenwould never get the chance to see her Little Cee again. Leon hadnarrived. As did her niece and her husband Paul Marshall. Hernnephews Jackson and Pierrot had learned to call the Tallis householdnhome since their attempt to run away. Briony had called at three amnas she was getting off her shift to wish her a Merry Christmas. Thenhospitals were swamped. Her husband Jack was the only holdout. Henwas as he said stuck at the Ministry when he phoned. With thenbombings everybody had to remain and work. Something didn't feelnright to Emily. How could he just brush off the family like that? nCecilia was dead. She died because as a result of the war. He couldnhave at least asked. So she decided to ring up the Ministry tonattempt to protest and get him home for the holiday only to find thatnthe Ministry had been closed due to the bombings. What she hadnsuspected for a long time was now confirmed. It saddened her but shendecided instead to focus on the family she had. She had even renewednher friendship with Robbie's mother Grace after learning of hisndeath. She would be joining them for dinner. Shenentered the drawing room with a smile on her face as she was happilyngreeted by her son. He asked her if he could mix her a drink or ifnshe wanted a mug of Paul's hot rum and chocolate. \"Ginnand tonic,\" she found herself saying and then chuckled to herself. nShe had never fancied gin too much but it was Cecilia's favorite. *** Robbienfound Cecilia sitting on the stairs smoking a cigarette. Henchuckled. \"Cee, you know you are not supposed to be smoking on thenstairs.\" \"Inwasn't supposed to smoke in the house but that never stopped menfrom lighting up in my room.\" Cecilia responded. \"And how donyou know I'm not supposed to be smoking on the stairs?\" \"Mynmother used to come home complaining about your mother complaining tonher about your smoking.\" Robbie replied. \"Sometimes she blamednme for getting you hooked.\" \"It'snnot your fault.\" she replied reassuring him. Cecilia changed thensubject. \"Did you enjoy your tour of the house?\" \"Indid. I never realized how big this house was. How did you not getnlost?\" Robbie asked. \"Whonsays I didn't?\" Cecilia laughed. \"Unlike Leon however, Infigured out that if I went into the service tunnels, I would end upnin the kitchen, or the linen room. I usually found your mother therenand she helped me find my way to where I wanted to go. You didn'tngo into my room did you?\" Robbienshook his head. \"You asked me not to. What are you hiding, Cee? nYou've been in my room. You even slept in my bed!\" Ceciliansmiled. \"Only once. You were there that night, weren't you?\" nShe asked. \"Inwas.\" Robbie replied. \"I was there the day you heard of my deathnas well. I wanted to comfort you, but I couldn't.\" \"Inthought I felt you.\" Cecilia replied. \"If you really want tonlook inside my room, you can. I have nothing to hide from you. Butnit doesn't look like my room now. I cleaned it before I leftnhome.\" Robbiengasped. \"You cleaned?! I heard about how you kept your room.\" nHe responded. \"It would be no fun if you cleaned it. Let's gonto the library instead and have sex!\" \"Robbie!n Someone might hear us!\" \"We'renghosts. We can do anything.\" Cecilianplayfully hit him across the chest. \"You're impossible!\" Robbienpouted and walked away toward the kitchen like a defeated little boy.n Cecilia laughed and followed him. Innthe kitchen, Betty still ran a very tight ship. There were newnyounger faces in the kitchen but there was little doubt about who wasnin charge. GracenTurner sat diligently polishing the silver. She was still the bestnat it so the job was hers. Betty told her that since she had beenninvited for dinner with the family she did not have to help out innthe kitchen, but Grace insisted. Betty noticed that she did things anlittle differently than she usually did. Rather than just pick upnand polish as she went, Grace seemed to be saving all the spoons fornthe last. Anroast cooked in the oven. Robbienand Cecilia entered the kitchen. Cecilia took in the aroma of thenroast. She always loved the aroma of a roast cooking in the oven farnmore than actually eating it. Leon was the one who always loved anfinely cooked roast. It made a far better meal for a cold Christmasndinner than it did on a hot summer day. But Cecilia had insisted onnhaving one on that summer day for Leon's sake because of hisnfondness of the meal. Robbienmoved behind his mother as she polished the first of the spoons thatnshe had left. She shivered as he passed. She whipped aroundnthinking that she had seen something reflecting in the spoon but sawnnothing. She smiled and then returned to her polishing. Robbiensmiled. Cecilianstarted to laugh as Betty scolded a couple of the younger girls. nGiggles erupted from a few of the others as Betty walked awaynfrustrated. \"What'snso funny, Cee?\" Robbie asked wrapping his arms around her fromnbehind. \"What's gotten Betty so frustrated?\" \"Oh,nBetty, lighten up!\" one of the younger girls responded. \"It'sntrue! I don't care if Mr. Marshall is a millionaire. If he's sonrich then he should be able to afford to pay someone to pluck thenpubic hair growing from his nose and ears!\" Thenother girls giggled. \"Andnthose poor soldiers!\" another girl added dramatically placing hernhand to her forehead. \"Having to carry the extra weight of thosenawful 'Ammo Bars' in their packs.\" \"Thatnis enough!\" Betty screamed. Ceciliansnuggled into Robbie before turning to face him. \"That was mynfirst impression of him.\" she laughed. \"I told Leon that hencertainly thought he was the cat's pajamas considering he had pubicnhair growing out of his ears.\" Feelingna little self conscious, Robbie stuck a finger in his ear. Did henhave unsightly hair growing out of his ears too? Ceciliansnorted. \"Don't worry, darling. You don't have hair growingnout of your ears, or any where else that would be considerednunsightly.\" she responded kissing him on the cheek. \"She'snright about his chocolate though,\" Robbie replied removing hisnfinger. \"The sugar casing was hard as a rock and much too sweet. nWhen you did manage to bite through it your teeth stuck together. nBecause of the heat, the chocolate was usually melted. And it didn'tntaste very good.\" Shencringed at her own memory. \"You should try his 'absolutelynscrumptious chocktail' made with rum and melted dark chocolate.\" Robbienmade a face. \"Oh, sounds absolutely delicious,\" he repliednsarcastically. \"I don't know what would be worse. Hot or cold?\" \"You'renlucky. He's not related to you.\" Cecilia replied. \"Although,nif we had married he would be.\" \"Related?n I thought he was Leon's friend.\" \"Henis. But he's married to my stupid cousin Lola now.\" Cecilianreplied with disgust. \"I suppose that is why he's here fornChristmas dinner.\" Robbiensighed. He knew that Leon was always trying to set his sister upnwith one of his rich friends. \"Cee, had things happenedndifferently... had the twins not run away...\" \"WouldnI have accepted a proposal from him?\" Cecilia finished. \"Inhonestly don't know.\" \"Youndon't know?\" Robbie asked sounding a bit hurt. He had expectednCecilia to say something along the lines of 'Oh, don't be silly,ndarling. You know my heart belonged to you'... He could hear hernsay 'darling' the same way her mother called her father 'darling'nevery time he read the word in her letters. \"I'mnsorry, Robbie. I was being honest. I can't say what I would havendone.\" She answered. \"Did I want to marry him? No. Did I evennwant to be married? I don't know. I supposed I felt as though itnwas a sense of duty... and would have said 'yes'. But thingsnhappened the way they did for a reason, darling. As painful as itnwas, we are together now, and that is all that matters.\" Robbiensmiled and took her by the hand. He led her outside toward thenfountain. He knew how much her family meant to her. He knew hownhard it must have been for her to leave them behind and turn her backnon them. He could hardly believe it when his mother told him thatnshe had left home during one of her visits while he was in prison. Asnthey walked across the grounds to the fountain, Robbie walked ancircle around Cecilia to admire her much like he did that fatefulnafternoon and Cecilia laughed. He loved to hear her laugh. He lovednthe way her dress flowed behind her. He loved everything about her. nHe loved her. Reachingnthe fountain Cecilia stood on the edge as though ready to jump in. n\"Triton's arm is missing,\" she replied climbing down to sitnnext to Robbie. \"I wonder what happened to it...\" Robbienshrugged. The awkwardness of that fateful summer day was gone. Theynsat together comfortably as they were meant to be. They were nonlonger 'the eldest daughter' and 'the charlady's son', theynwere simply 'Robbie and Cecilia'. Lookingninto the nearly frozen murky water of the fountain, Cecilia groaned. n\"I can't believe I took my clothes off in front of you just tonretrieve that silly piece of the vase.\" She chuckled. \"What wasnI thinking?\" \"Indidn't mind.\" Robbie teased. \"Saved me the trouble. Althoughnthe water would have felt nice, and you did look fantastic when youncame out.\" Cecilianturned and glared at him. \"What do you mean I looked 'fantastic'?\"nshe asked in a very serious tone. \"Just what did you see?\" Robbienturned red and swallowed nervously. He had never seen a look onnCecilia's face like that before. Relax, he told himself. She'snteasing you. Think about it, Turner. She let you feel between hernlegs in the library. It wasn't working. He tried to speak butnonly a pathetic little squeak came out. Hernglare did not waver. \"You did! You saw something that day when Instood before you in my wet underclothes, didn't you?\" shencontinued still in her 'Ward Sister' mode. Morensqueaks. Cecilia burst out laughing and cupped Robbie's cheeknbefore kissing him passionately. Robbie relaxed as they kissed. nWhen they parted Cecilia was smiling at him. \"Cee?\" \"Yes,ndarling?\" \"Promisenme you will never look at me like that again.\" Shensmiled and kissed him. \"I promise.\" Robbienlooked down at the murky water. \"So this is where it all started,nisn't it?\" he replied. \"Both of us were so foolish thatnafternoon, weren't we?\" Cecilianlooked back toward the house at the steps where Robbie had beennsitting rolling a cigarette, then toward her sister's bedroomnwindow. \"No,\" she responded. \"It all began in the drawingnroom with my ridiculous decision to fill the vase in the fountainnwhen I could have easily filled it in the kitchen just to have annexcuse to walk past you.\" Robbiensnickered. \"I always wondered why you were filling the vase in thenfountain.\" \"Andnthe only reason I asked you for a cigarette was because I lost mynnerve to talk to you once I made it outside.\" Thentwo of them looked at each other lovingly, then burst out laughing. Oncenhe composed himself, Robbie knelt down before Cecilia and took hernleft hand in his. He looked her in the eyes. \"Cecilia?\" \"Robbie...\" \"Willnyou marry me?\" Cecilianfelt like crying. She had waited so long to hear him ask her. n\"Yes.\" she replied with conviction. \"I will.\" Robbienkissed her. \"Merry Christmas, Cee.\" \"MerrynChristmas, Robbie.\"[Chapter 5] Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and to Keira Knightley, James McAvoy and the rest of the cast for bringing Joe's vision to life. Notes: Some images and references are taken from the novel, others from the movie. Some are taken from unused scenes in the script. Some obviously for this work of fan fiction. Forgiveness by Ninja Elizabeth Chapter 5 Letting Go/Ghost Part 2 1972, Tallis House, Emily's room Leon sat alone with his mother after chasing every one out of the room. They had all said their good-byes, now it was his turn. She looked so tired, yet peaceful as she lay in her bed. She had asked him to bring her home when the doctors had told her that she didn't have much longer to live. She never liked the hospital. The very thought of dying in a cold impersonal hospital bed made her sick. She wanted to be at home, in her own bed surrounded by her family. Emily never realized how important family was until 1935. Her eldest son lived on his own. Her eldest daughter was primed to leave or find herself a nice husband. She had graduated from Cambridge. She knew how disappointed her daughter was with her third, especially since Robbie, the housekeeper's son, finished with a first. But Emily was so very proud of her. Cambridge. She had once harbored dreams of her own to attend Cambridge. Her sister, Hermione had left her husband and her children. Cecil had no intentions of raising the children so her sister left them with her. She had thought that her family would come together that summer. Her husband would come home more often to help out with the twins. Perhaps mold them into everything Leon was not. She had hoped that her niece Lola would help bring her youngest out of her fantasy worlds. But everything went wrong... so very wrong. Robbie was accused of raping her niece. Her daughter Cecilia staunchly stood by the young man. She never realized how much her daughter had loved him until she heard her screams that day in the courtroom when the verdict was handed down. She turned here back one final time on the family who had turned against the man she loved when she packed her things and left home. She only caught glimpses of her a couple of times when she had come to the grounds to visit Grace. It had taken her a while to come to grips of the nature of the crime. Only then did she realize that there was no way that Robbie Turner could have done such a thing. As much as Cecilia loved and stood by him, he truly loved her daughter. It had taken her a while to gather up the courage to talk to Grace about Robbie and Cecilia, but it wasn't until learning of Robbie's death that she began to rekindle the relationship she once had with the housekeeper and welcomed her as family. She was glad she did as four months later she learned that Cecilia was killed when the bombs fell in Balamb. After the war, her husband left her. What did she do wrong? Tears rolled down his mother's cheeks as he turned to look at her. He took her hand in his. \"Emily,\" he replied. They had always called her by her name. It had been at her insistence. It just seemed so wrong now. He started over. \"Mother.\" That was better. \"Briony sends her love. The flowers on your night stand are from her. Her latest book is doing really well in America. She will be here soon.\" Emily squeezed her son's hand. She was glad that she had been well enough to go to the airport to see her youngest off as she made her trip to America to promote her latest novel for she knew now that she would not see when she returned home. She gave her son a smile and closed her eyes. Leon choked back his tears as he felt his mother's grip weaken. At that moment he knew that she had moved on. She was at peace. He did not have the heart to cover her head. Instead he chose to cover her eyes with one of the eye masks she often used to block out the light when a migraine struck her. He wanted her to be comfortable. He made a note of the time and kissed her on the cheek. He then stood up and went out to inform everybody else of Emily's passing. ****** Emily opened her eyes to find herself surrounded by nothingness. It was nothing like what she expected, yet in a way exactly what she expected. She was never really close to her own parents. Her eldest daughter who had died in the second World War had left home turning her back on the family. And her husband who had preceded her in death had left her for another woman. Of course there would be nothing, no one to greet her. She felt a tinge of sadness as a figure approached her from the nothingness. At first she thought as though she was looking at a younger version of herself until she noticed the dress. The young woman looked radiant as she approached her with her green halter gown flowing in the wind meant only for the sake of gently waving the fabric of the dress. A young man with short brown hair and blue eyes wearing his best suit stood behind the young woman holding her hand. Emily could not believe her eyes. \"Cecilia?\" she asked still not believing that her daughter had come to greet her. \"Hello, mother.\" Cecilia replied. Emily smiled. Cecilia was the only one who called her 'mother' if only when they were alone and she was tending to her but as her daughter grew older they spent less and less time together as mother and daughter. \"My little Cee, have you come for me?\" Cecilia shook her head. Emily turned to the young man beside her daughter. \"Robbie, I'm so sorry.\" \"It's all right. I forgive you.\" Robbie replied. \"We both do,\" Cecilia responded. \"I'm sorry for the way I left, but I just hated all of you for turning on Robbie so quickly. But that's all in the past now. I forgive you, mother.\" Emily hugged her daughter. \"Are we to be together again?\" she asked. \"I've missed you so much over the years.\" \"Not yet, Emily,\" a familiar male voice replied. \"They have not yet earned their place.\" \"Clem!\" she responded in surprise pulling away from her daughter noticing the World War I soldier emerging from the nothingness. \"What on Earth are you doing here?\" He laughed boisterously. \"I've come for you, silly.\" He replied offering his sister-in-law his arm. \"My brother was an idiot for leaving a fine lady such as yourself. Come, my dear.\" Emily took her brother-in-law's hand. She looked back at her daughter and her lover as they past them. \"What about Robbie and Cecilia?\" \"They will join us when they are ready,\" Clem replied. Emily nodded and understood. Robbie and Cecilia watched as they disappeared. ******** Tallis House, a few days later Leon sat on the terrace lounging next to his sister Briony who had cut her North American book tour short to come home to attend their mother's funeral. \"Do you think we did the right thing, Leon? Keeping the truth from her?\" Briony asked. \"In the end, I don't think she believed Robbie did it, but I think what hurt her the most was not being able to see Cee again.\" her older brother replied. \"I don't know how it would have effected her to learn that she had allowed her niece to marry her attacker, so I think we did the right thing in the end.\" Briony sighed. It was her fault. Leon didn't judge her however. He felt just as badly as she did. He was the one who brought him into the house. From the corner of her eye, Briony thought she saw something at the fountain, but when she glanced up to get a better look, she saw nothing. \"Briony, what's wrong?\" Leon asked. \"Nothing.\" she responded. \"I thought I saw somew– something.\" ***** Robbie and Cecilia walked hand in hand as they approached the natural pool. Over the years they had spent their days at the cottage by the shore, or exploring the world. It was painful for them to stay at the house. They returned only on special occasions such as Christmas, the first day of Summer, Emily's birthday, and Grace's birthday. They had returned to the house after seeing Emily off and decided to explore the grounds. With both Briony and Leon living on their own they wondered what would become of the house. Did Cecilia's father leave it to Leon? Would he sell it now that their mother was gone? Emily always loved the house. Robbie and Cecilia wanted to take it in one last time. They reached the favorite 'jumping off spot' and Robbie chuckled. \"You always hated coming here. You never liked to swim with us. Leon loved swimming here. Even Briony. But you never did.\" Cecilia laughed. \"It wasn't that I didn't enjoy swimming here. I was just always paranoid that you and Leon would gang up with me and take my clothes, or he would leave me here and I would get lost and nobody would find me for days.\" \"Are you serious, Cee? I'm the one who should have been paranoid. The servant's son playing with the master's children.\" Robbie replied. \"But you lived near here. You could have easily gotten home with or with out your clothes without being seen. I would have had to go out into the open, along the Surrey Path or through the bushes with all those bugs and flying insects.\" Cecilia responded. \"And Leon did leave me behind once, remember? You found me in the woods crying and helped me home. I never did thank you for that and not telling anybody that I had been crying. Did you really need a can for worms?\" Robbie smiled. He remembered that day. Cecilia held his hand as they walked the Surrey Path to the house. He was happy. He was only 9 years old but he knew he was in love. \"No, but it seemed like a good thing to ask for. And you are welcome, Cee.\" ******** \"Sis-cilia! Help! I fell in a hole!\" A young boy cried out. A moment later the face of his sister appeared above him laughing at him. \"Robbie, you are such a dork!\" She pinched her nose. \"And you stink!\" \"Not fair! It stinks in here. Help me out.\" Robbie replied. Try as she might, the little girl could not reach her brother. \"It's too deep. I'm going to get papa.\" She disappeared. \"Cecilia! NO!\" Robbie screamed. His sister's head appeared again. \"If you get papa he will know we were playing where he told us not to!\" Cecilia started to cry. \"Then how am I supposed to get you out? I can't reach you.\" Robbie felt somebody else in the hole with him. For some reason he did not panic. He felt safe. At the same time, Cecilia felt somebody behind her comforting her. Like her brother she did not feel frightened at all. 'It's all right, little fella.\" a young man replied. \"We'll get you out. Cee, I'm going to lift him up, can you grab him?\" Little Robbie found himself being lifted up and grabbed by a young woman who looked like a younger version of his Nana. He was out of the hole. His sister was holding her nose. \"Ew, Robbie, you stink.\" She replied. He laughed. \"You should smell it down in the hole.\" \"No thank you.\" The two children then turned to the young boy's rescuers. The young man was dressed in a pale blue work shirt and dark grey trousers. Little Cecilia thought he had pretty blue eyes. The young woman was dressed in a checked patterned skirt and pale blouse with a flower pattern. \"Thank you for helping me out of the hole, mister.\" Little Robbie replied. \"You are welcome.\" the young man responded with a polite voice. Despite hearing her father's voice in her head telling her not to talk to strangers, little Cecilia felt that the rescuers were not strangers. She turned to the young man with pretty blue eyes. \"What's your name?\" She asked. \"My name is Robbie,\" the young man replied. \"And this is my wife Cecilia.\" Little Robbie laughed. \"Hey! That's our names!\" He responded turning to the young woman. \"I know who you are! You're our Auntie Cee! Papa talks about you.\" \"Your father? Leon?\" Cecilia asked. \"Yup.\" Little Robbie replied. Little Cecilia smiled. \"You're ghosts!\" She responded calmly. She then turned a little sad. \"Nana died. Did you see her? She talked about you too. She told us that you were around the house sometimes. She could smell you smoking on the stairs, Auntie Cee. You weren't supposed to do that.\" Robbie laughed. Cecilia glared at him then turned to her little namesake. \"My mother told you that?\" \"Yup,\" the little girl replied. \"I smelled it too sometimes.\" Cecilia laughed. \"Well, your Nana is in heaven now and doing just fine. We saw her.\" The little ones were happy. Little Robbie squirmed. He didn't like to be dirty, and he smelled. Robbie looked toward the house. \"Come along. Your father will be worried.\" \"But I'm all dirty and I stink. Papa will know I've been up to something.\" Little Robbie pouted. Cecilia chuckled. \"I have an idea. Something that I've always wanted to do but never dared.\" ******** Leon entered the kitchen only to be greeted by his screaming worried wife. She was ranting about the children. He wondered what was wrong now. He could never understand her when she was screaming and carrying one in hysterics. He tried to calm her down but it only made it worse. \"How can you be so calm! Leon, the children are missing!\" She responded. \"What if they have been kidnapped! What if they have been eaten by some creature in the woods! Our babies are missing and you don't care!\" \"Honestly, Ellen, relax.\" Leon replied. \"They will turn up. My sister and I used to go into the woods all the time. But if it will make you feel better, you search the house, and Briony and I will search the woods.\" Briony entered just as Leon spoke her name. Ellen was ranting again. \"I hate this house! It's haunted.\" A new thought of dread filled her mind. \"Oh my goodness, Leon! What if the ghosts have taken our precious little babies to hell?\" She started to 'cry'. Leon sighed. \"Ellen, the ghosts haven't taken our children to hell, I assure you.\" He tried not to laugh as it would only upset his hysterical wife. Ellen went running off. Briony turned to her brother. \"Where do we start?\" Briony asked. \"Outside. They love playing outside. I told them to stay in the house, but I'm sure they didn't listen and went out.\" Leon chuckled. He recalled the countless times he and Cecilia went outside to play with Robbie when they were supposed to stay in the house. As they left the house at the back that led to the terrace, a different search replayed through Briony's mind. It was a search years ago for a very different set of twins... a search that still haunted her. She replayed that search in her mind so many times, trying to convince herself that she had told the truth but each time it replayed the face got clearer and clearer and clearly was not Robbie. She tried to convince herself that she was saving her sister from a monster, but it was she who was the monster. Briony froze on the steps that led down to the garden. Leon nearly ran into her. There at the Triton fountain were Leon's youngest, frolicking in the fountain with two familiar figures... a young lady dressed in a patterned skirt and flowered blouse and the other a young man in a pale blue work shirt and grey trousers. \"Briony, why did you stop?\" Leon asked shaking his head. There were his children, playing in the fountain. \"Go inside and fetch some towels.\" She turned to her brother. \"Leon, don't you see them\" she asked. \"Robbie and Cecilia? Of course. Go and get them some towels.\" \"No, I mea--\", Briony looked back to the fountain. The two figures were gone. Only Leon's two children were in the fountain. Had she just imagined them? \"Briony, what are you waiting for. I don't want them to catch cold.\" Leon replied like the responsible parent he was. ******* Seeing their father approaching the fountain, the two little ones stepped out to wait for him. They were excited and couldn't wait to tell him what happened. The fact that they were doing something that they weren't supposed to do simply disappeared. They weren't at all worried about their father punishing them. Leon excepted hugs from his children despite them being soaking wet. He was a little surprised by their reaction. \"What were the two of you doing playing in the fountain?\" he asked. \"You know Nana didn't allow that.\" \"But, Papa, Robbie fell in a stinky hole,\" his daughter replied. \"We weren't playing in it. We were cleaning up!\" Little Robbie laughed. \"The fountain water stinks too but not as bad as the stinky hole.\" Leon looked at his son. \"You fell in the stinky hole?\" He remembered falling in the hole when he was younger and his sister and Robbie teased him before leaving him alone while they went for help. \"How did you get out?\" \"Robbie lifted him out!\" Little Cecilia replied. \"Auntie Cee told us that you fell in the hole and you cried!\" \"I didn't cry.\" Little Robbie responded proudly. Leon smiled at his son. His two youngest reminded him most of how he and his sister were when they were their age. \"And what else did your Auntie Cee tell you? Did she tell you that we weren't supposed to play in the fountain?\" \"Yes!\" Little Cecilia replied. \"She's the one who told us to wash up in the fountain!\" \"She and Robbie were playing too but when you and Aunt Briony came out they left.\" Little Robbie added. \"Auntie Cee said that she once took of her clothes and went into the fountain in her underwear to fetch a piece of a vase that she broke!\" The little ones giggled. Leon tried to laugh. He looked around the grounds trying to cath a glimpse of his sister and her lover but they were nowhere in sight. He had never woken up to find things had been moved about as Briony reported, or smelled the cigarettes that his mother reported but he never doubted them. He only wished that he could see them. He felt a little sad. \"Papa,\" his little girl replied tugging on his pant leg. \"Don't be sad. Auntie Cee said to tell you that she got your letter but never got the chance to open it. It was on the floor but she was too tired to pick it up.\" \"Then she died.\" Little Robbie added. \"She said she saw Nana. She's in heaven now.\" \"And she forgives you. Robbie does too.\" Little Cecilia replied. Leon nodded. \"I only wished I could have seen them too.\" Little Robbie pointed to Briony who was approaching them with some towels in hand. \"It's Aunt Briony's fault.\" The conversation stopped as Briony arrived. Leon and Briony wrapped the children up and they went back toward the house. At the edge of the forest, two figures watched.[Chapter 6] Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and to Keira Knightley, James McAvoy and the rest of the cast for bringing Joe's vision to life. Notes: Some images and references are taken from the novel, others from the movie. Some are taken from unused scenes in the script. Some obviously for this work of fan fiction. This is the final chapter. I can finally reveal the inspiration for this whole thing, an interview with James and Keira about a particular scene. Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed my story. Forgiveness by Ninja Elizabeth Chapter 6 Forgiveness 1999 Venus Room, Tilney Hotel, dusk Briony sat by the window overlooking the grounds. The room she occupied she had known as 'Auntie Venus' room' was now dubbed simply the 'Venus Room' and had been decorated in an elegant goddess motif. She wasn't at all surprised that it was the room that had been reserved for her as it was the room with the best view of in the house, over the lake, the driveway, the woods and the hills beyond. It was strange for her to walk the familiar halls to find numbers on the now locked doors. Her old room was number 7. The infamous fountain was gone. The woods that surrounded the bungalow that once belonged to Grace Turner were still there and the bungalow itself was now a storage shed. Earlier in the day she had seen the hotel grounds keepers in their bright yellow shirts driving their clean white golf carts tending to the golf course and gardens. She couldn't help but remember Robbie dressed in his pale blue work shirts pushing the squeaky wheel barrel. Sometimes she wondered why she remembered and forgot what she did. She could remember the details of that hot summer afternoon in the summer of 1935 as she lay on the grass near the fountain with her sister Cecilia as she struggled to get into her book Clarissa by Richardson and herself contemplating if writing a play for the arrival of their older brother Leon was the right thing to do, yet she had no recollection of what she had for breakfast. She knew she ate breakfast. Her secretary would have made sure of it. In fact it was probably the same thing she ate the previous morning but could not remember. A cruel trick of the Gods, she mused. Torture. Revenge. Call it what you will. Take away what she considered her lively hood and treasured the most, but allow her to keep and remember what she wished she could forget or do without. There was a knock on the door and Briony happily tore herself away from the memories of that fateful afternoon to answer it. \"Happy Birthday, Briony.\" the red haired young man at the door replied. \"Thank you, Charles,\" Briony responded taking the arm of the organizer of the party to celebrate both her 77th birthday and release of her 21st novel. \"Are you ready?\" the grandson of her cousin Pierrot asked as they left the room. \"Ready as ever.\" she replied. It would probably be the last gathering she was going to be able to attend. She could already feel her body betraying her, her mind slipping away. As they descended the grand staircase, Briony took a deep breath hoping to smell something familiar from the past. Instead she got a noseful of new carpet that had been laid over the black and white tiles that made it once impossible to sneak about the lower levels of the house. They had been an acoustic nightmare but she had grown to love it's sound and learned to distinguish the different footfalls of her family. But it was also ugly, she thought. Now that it was gone, she missed it. They reached the entrance to the library. Briony felt a chill and thought that somebody brushed by her on the way in. But there was only her and Charles there. She shook it off to being nervous. She could hear the hush of those gathered inside. They were relatives, some of which she had not seen in years. She knew it would probably be the last time she would see or remember any of them. Charles opened the door. \"Happy Birthday!\" everyone in the room shouted as Briony entered the room. She smiled and looked around the room as the guests began to approach her to wish her personal birthday wishes or praise for her writing. Charles stood by her whispering names and identities of those she did not know or those she could no longer recognize. Some faces were familiar, some were not. She could not blame it all on her increasingly diminished facilities. She had not seen some of her relatives in over twenty years. They ranged in age from her older brother Leon's 89 to 3months. There were a gaggle of red-heads in one corner, clearly descendants of her cousins Jackson and Pierrot. In another corner, children, grandchildren and even great grandchildren of her brother Leon. Despite his failed marriages, Leon was a dedicated father which was evident by the sight of him now bound to a wheelchair guarded by his two youngest, the twins Robbie and Cecilia. Briony walked over to her brother. While his body betrayed him over the years his mind was as sharp as ever. His final two children had sacrificed a lot to take care of their father. She had always been a bit apprehensive about being with the twins as they had a strange closeness to their namesakes and Briony had a feeling it was not just because of what their father had told them. Leon had told her about the days after their mother's funeral and how the twins had met their sister and Robbie's ghosts. Leon reached out and took his sister's hand squeezing it as hard as he could which was not that hard. He smiled. \"Happy birthday, Briony.\" Briony squeezed her brother's hand in response. \"Thank you, Leon. You are looking well.\" \"Bah.\" he snorted followed by a chuckle. Little Cecilia, as she was always known and called by everyone, turned to her aunt. \"Aunt Briony, I read your book.\" she replied. \"My book?\" Briony asked with surprise. \"Which one?\" \"Atonement,\" Little Cecilia answered. \"My ex-girlfriend is a literary critic and received an advance copy. She let me read it first. I've never read any of your novels before.\" \"And what did you think of it?\" she asked nervously. She had a feeling Little Cecilia would be honest with her unlike some of her other family members were and had been over the years. Little Cecilia smiled. She could tell her aunt was nervous to hear her opinion. \"I think that Auntie Cee and Robbie will like the ending you gave them.\" Briony was relieved. She never really believed in ghosts or the stories her brother had told her over the years about Robbie and Cecilia's ghosts, but now, looking back, it all made sense now. She didn't want to believe that she was being haunted. She always told herself that it was some kind of a perverted stalker who had somehow managed to enter her flat when she had awakened or returned to her flat to find the bed unmade, clothes strewn all over the floor and/or her neatly stacked papers and notes spread out over the table. It made sense that the messes could have been her sister, haunting her. Cecilia had always been annoyed by her attention to neatness and knew how equally annoyed she was at her own sloppiness. Briony also took notice how Little Cecilia and Little Robbie always spoke of their Auntie Cee and Robbie in a present tense. She also recalled how it was Little Robbie who found the key to Cecilia's locked room at the bottom of the fountain and how he and his twin were laughed hysterically when the clean and immaculate room was opened while everyone just looked in the room in a state of complete shock and disbelief. Perfume bottles were neatly arranged by height and color on the vanity. The drawers were organized and categorized. The clothes were neatly folded or hung and color coordinated. The only evidence that the room had once been occupied by Cecilia was the green halter gown laid out on the bed with the accessories she had worn and an empty pack of cigarettes beside it. An cigarette butt filled ash tray was on the bed stand and the trash can filled with cigarette butts and ashes. Charles approached her. He smiled at Leon and nodded to the twins. \"Briony, the kids are getting restless for the cake but first we have some entertainment arranged. If you would come with me?\" Briony excused herself from her brother and his twins. She turned to follow Charles to the front of the room where a makeshift stage was being set up. She did not see Leon as he reached with a smile as if to reach back and hold an invisible hand on his shoulder. Tears of joy, laughter and embarrassment filled Briony's eyes as she watched and listened to the young Quincey boy recite \"...be warned! Because Arabella almost learned too late, that before we love we must cogitate!\" The children bowed as the room erupted in applause and cheers in reaction to their flawless performance of \"The Trials of Arabella\" Leon was laughing and smiling finally getting to see the play that had been written for him. When the applause finally subsided it was replaced by chants for the author and birthday girl. Briony blushed and stood up before her family. She turned to look at the faces trying desperately not to burst into tears and to somehow seer their faces into her memory. She wondered how long before this day would fade into oblivion. Opening her mouth to speak, she froze and suddenly felt faint. Immediately at her side as she stumbled back Charles and another were there to support her. She looked again to the back of the room as she was eased into a chair. There in the back of the cheering crowd behind her brother Leon and his twins were two figures. They stood there looking young and radiant, dressed for dinner. A young man with beautiful blue eyes dressed in his best suit and a beautiful young woman in the prime of her life wearing a sparkling diamond bracelet and a green halter neck gown. They looked back at her smirking maliciously. Briony had to look away. She could not meet their eyes. As the cake was brought out for her she dared to look again but they were gone. Had they actually been there or had she imagined them? * * * * Exhausted. That was how she felt. The day had started with an interview beginning the promotion of her 21st and final novel followed by a visit to the War Time Museum where she had done a great deal of her research. She felt that she owed it to Robbie to accurately account his time in the Army. She had also donated her sister's and Robbie's love letters that Grace had given to her before her death. Robbie's mother never forgave her but left the letters to her so that one day she would know just how much she had hurt Robbie and Cecilia and how much they truly cared for one another. That love never faded. She had never gathered the courage to open the bundle and read the letters. Little Cecilia's review \"I think Auntie Cee and Robbie will like the ending you gave them\" gave her hope. But then there was those faces at the back of the crowd. Again she told herself that she had imagined them. She was seventy-seven years old and she felt like it. She had never really felt old until now. Atonement, her 21st and final novel. A labour of love, but was it enough? She felt tired. So very tired. It was time to lay down. Time to rest. Laughter. Loud hysterical laughter and giggling. Briony opened her eyes but could see nothing. Everything was empty, but the laughter. In a panic she looked around but could see nothing. The laughter and giggling seemed familiar somehow. She looked around. Panic. There was nothing Where was the laughter coming from? Why was it so familiar? Was she going mad? Two figures emerged before her from the nothing. She stared at them, confused. Why were they laughing at her? One was a World War II soldier by the look of his uniform, pale and unshaven wearing no shoes. The other was a young woman with wavy brown hair wearing a simple green dress. Briony tired to back away but could not move as the figures moved closer. \"Stay away from me!\" she cried out weakly. The young woman laughed harder. \"Oh my god, Briony! You should have seen your face!\" The soldier still giggled and held out his hand. \"Come with us, Briony. It's time to rest.\" Briony stared. She could not believe what was before her. \"Cecilia? Robbie?\" She felt old again... seventy seven. Her sister was still twenty eight, and Robbie twenty nine. \"Why are you here?\" she asked suddenly afraid. Were they taunting her? \"We've come for you, silly.\" Cecilia replied. \"Now take Robbie's hand. Mother is waiting.\" \"Mother?\" \"Yes, mother. And Grace and Uncle Clem.\" Briony wondered why Uncle Clem. She had never met him and heard only stories. Cecilia took Robbie's extended hand, then held out her own to her sister. \"Come, Briony.\" Tentatively, Briony took her older sister by the hand not quite ready to be dragged to hell. \"Cee?\" she replied as they began to walk toward the light that she was sure would soon fade. \"Yes?\" \"I wanted to say that I'm sorry. I know it's not enough but I am very sorry.\" Briony replied with conviction. Robbie smiled. \"It's all right, Pal.\" Briony felt her heart warm. She had not heard Robbie call her that in years. Perhaps she was not being lead to hell after all. But she still wanted to hear the words. Briony could see three figures in the distance as the nothing began to clear. \"It's time to rest, Briony,\" her sister replied. \"Come back. Come back to us, Briony.\" Her sister's tone was just like when they were younger and Cecilia would come to her room to comfort her after she had had a nightmare. Briony felt like a little girl again. \"Cecilia?\" Cecilia felt her sister squeeze her hand. \"It's all right. I forgive you. Robbie does too. Now come.\" Briony could see the figures clearly now. Her mother, Grace Turner, and whom she assumed was her Uncle Clem. Time to rest. Everything had been forgiven but nothing had been lost. She could remember everything. * * * * Epilogue It was Little Cecilia who found her Aunt Briony the next morning in her bed presumably asleep. When she tried to wake her she felt cold. She then noticed a bracelet on the nightstand. She had seen it before, when she was a little girl. Nana had taken it and put it in her jewelry box the day they opened her Auntie Cee's bedroom. It belonged to her Auntie Cee. She picked it up and smiled. \"Cee?\" It was her brother. \"Do you need help?\" \"No.\" she replied turning to give her brother the bracelet. \"Give this to dad. He'll know what it means.\" Little Robbie smiled as her sister pulled the sheet over their aunt's head. ","Summary":" Disclaimers: All rights to owners. I gain nothing but my own amusement. If younsue me you will end "},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"Paper Hearts","Author":"xXxCloudstar2xXx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8671343","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Isla breathed in deep, feeling an inward battle of morality and desire taking place inside of her. She knew she should not do this, but she could feel her start to fold the letter, containing information that could potentially change her life forever. Calm yourself… She closed her eyes, thinking if she really wanted to do this, and when she opened them again desire had won. She sat herself down at the kitchen table, sunlight streaming in from the windows making the table come aglow in warmth. Her face lifted up to it to capture some light and felt it tickle her face. It was moments like this when she was happy to be alive, because the light made her think of everything that existed in this universe; when she thought of the universe she thought of all the wonders yet to explore and discover. \"So many potentials left.\" She murmured to herself softly. Even after coming to America, she felt like her journey had only just begun. Maybe it was dangerous to think those sorts of things, but she refused to feel like her life was over. I will see you again Rick… She made a silent promise to herself, and Rick, wherever he was. If you're still in Casablanca, let this letter get to you safely . Isla did a once over read to make sure she did not forget anything, because who knew when this would get to him. Anything and everything needed to be included. Darling Richard, I hope this letter finds you well, whatever you are doing now. I was wishing to hear from you…you said that Victor needed me by his side in America, but I feel lost here. I know being here is extremely lucky, but Victor is almost always gone. I spend nights alone, and I feel more lost than I did in Casablanca. I don't want to sound like I am complaining, though. We have many opportunities here in America. Victor and I have an apartment in New York. New York! Can you believe it? I remember you said you came from here. I don't know why you ever left! It is beautiful. Victor is working hard on getting the word spread about the war and what is truly happening. He is doing great and I am proud of him, but he is better on his own. I feel like I am his pet…or his prized gem that waits loyally for him to get home, or whenever he comes home. That isn't me Rick…I want to see the world, do something . I can't be caged up, that was not the point of coming here to America. I know I could go somewhere on my own, but with whom? It is overwhelming to find my way around here. I have not met anyone here yet even though there are a ton of people all around me. I'm just trying to find something to do here that is worthwhile. Rick, please tell me you are ok. I wish I could hear your voice through your letter. I wish I could be with you. I keep picturing you, me, and Sam playing the piano! I am certainly not ungrateful for what you did…but it is nothing without you. I need you by my side. Write to me back soon! All my love goes to you in this letter. -Isla With a tear drop falling down her gentle cheek, she kissed the sealed envelope and went to bring it safe travels.[Chapter 2] \"Isla, sweet heart, I have to leave.\" Victor Laszlo's soothing voice woke Isla up from a peaceful sleep as he laid his hand across her shoulder. She had dreamt she was on a boat far away from this place. She did not know where it was taking her, and at first she thought she was all alone as the waves lapped viciously against the boat. It rocked slightly from side to side and she wondered how on earth she could bring herself home. Suddenly, however, she felt a gentle hand on her shoulder. Rick. Her tender eye lids opened and she realized it was Victor touching her. Isla could feel her face sink in minute disappointment, and instantly rebuked herself from letting her husband think she was unhappy. Stop being so selfish, Isla. It's not only you who has to adjust here . She could hear her conscious scolding her, telling her to snap out of it. \"So soon? What time is it?\" She rolled over to her side to look at the clock. It's only 6 in the morning…and today's Sunday. \"You're not staying home today?\" Isla asked him sleepily, and accidently letting out an early morning yawn. \"I'm sorry, love.\" He apologized. She could see that he felt sincerely bad for it, and felt a twinge of sympathy for him. \"We have a mandatory morning meeting at the office this morning. I'm leading the discussion so I need to go prepare for it.\" He kissed her hair delicately and ran his thumb over her lips. \"Will you be ok here by yourself? I feel bad, always being gone.\" His eyes held sadness as he finished his sentence. \"Of course, don't worry about me.\" She smiled, and felt her insides turn from the secret letter she sent yesterday. Victor cares about you…look at what you're doing to him. What kind of woman are you? \"Great. There are some excellent stores around here; you should go check them out.\" He suggested and waited for her response. \"That could be fun.\" She agreed and sat up a little more. \"So what is your meeting about?\" Isla normally didn't ask about what Victor did at his meetings. He was writing for the New York Times at a high editorial position. She was surprised they gave him this job so fast, so she guessed they must have heard about his protesting in Europe. He had made a big name for himself. \"Just more about the Germans- nothing to worry about.\" He glanced quickly down at the clock. \"But I better go. I will see you later, goodbye Isla.\" He kissed her chastely on the lips and with that he stood to leave for work. He took a step towards the door when he paused, and turned on his heel. \"Oh, I almost forgot. I checked our mail box last night and this was addressed to you. There are stamps all over it; I don't know who it's from.\" Victor's uneasiness was apparent to Isla, who immediately tried to remain as calm as possible to show him she was not guilty of anything. \"Oh, thank you.\" Her heart nearly fell to her toes. Could it be from Rick? She had sent the letter exactly two weeks ago today. That was awfully fast… She did not care though, none the least in fact. When she realized Victor was still standing there waiting for some explanation, she shrugged. \"I'll read it later. Bye, dear.\" She gave a small smile, and he returned it with a tip of his hat and left. She gave him two minutes to leave the apartment complex, and then she tore the seal off the envelope like her life depended on it. Frantically, she started reading. Kid, You know you cannot return here. Don't play with me like this…you know I love you. You KNOW I want to hold you in my arms this second. But we can't. We can't because you are in America, married to Victor, and are going to do wonderful things. Please, do not tempt me any...I could not even leave here right now if I tried. Things have gotten stricter here as the war rages on…I am alright, but I cannot reveal where I am for safety purposes. Do not worry about me though. Everyone here is fine, I am fine. Love, Rick Isla could not help bitter tears from welling up in her eyes. That was it? It barely took up half a page and it looked like it was written in haste. He hardly gave me any time… She found herself making excuses for him. Maybe he was in danger, and that's all he had time for. Maybe he just wanted her to write him another letter. That's exactly what I'll do . Then it hit her. How did her letter even get to him when he said she couldn't know his location? She originally sent it to his American Club, and it didn't return so he must be around there… He's still in Casablanca! Hope filled her once again as she realized he was still there, and the opportunity still hung in the air that maybe they could be together again. She folded his letter carefully up and stashed it away in a shoebox from her closet. Victor couldn't see these letters…and he couldn't know about the new one she was about to write.[Chapter 3] \"Boss, we need more help if we can continue like this,\" Sam called from his piano. It had turned out to be the busiest night in a long time. At first he thought he would be out of a job when the German guard closed them down until further notice, but oddly enough a week later and they were open again. As it turned out, customers were in a frenzy to get back to their favorite club after a week of its absence. \"What's that, Sam? I can't hear you.\" Rick shouted back from his table by the bar. He was smiling, which meant he could hear his friend, but was occupied that grasped his interest until further notice. Rick was holding Isla's letter with a fierce grip. His fingers traced each word she wrote, as if he could feel her through her writing. He was angry at her for writing to him, but at the same time grateful he had something tangible of hers to hold. \"Boss.\" Sam had left his post at the piano to confront Rick and finally get his attention. Rick was unsurprised Sam came to him, and slowly looked up. \"I agree it's gotten busier, but I don't know what you want me to do.\" Rick responded honestly. In fact, he cared more about the letter than his own club at the moment. \"Hire someone.\" Sam replied flatly. \"I'm just one man on the piano; I need help now that my voice can barely be heard over all the people in here.\" He finished. Rick sighed and nodded, registering that he had understood him. \"Yeah, sorry about that.\" He scanned his club and noticed that business had almost doubled in the past week than it had over the past year. \"I guess I'm more popular than I thought.\" He joked and Sam gave a deep chuckle in response. \"All I ask is for someone else to help me perform. I'm dying down there.\" Sam nearly shuddered as he glanced down at his piano, and there were people around it everywhere. It was like a feeding frenzy had exploded all around them. \"Another musician huh?\" Rick asked, more to himself than to Sam. He couldn't help his thoughts trail to his song As Time Goes By . Abruptly though, he shook his head to get rid of the slow and tearful song out of his head. \"Yeah…that's right. Boss, you alright? You're acting a little strange.\" Sam put a hand on his shoulder to comfort Rick in some way, but he just gave a small smile. \"Very.\" Rick clapped his hands together and stood from his table. \"Ok Sam, how about this, we hold auditions to hire someone for our club?\" He suggested proudly. This may distract him from Isla, and the fact that he even wrote her back. She cannot know where I am…or that I'm still here or she may come back, his conscious reminded him sternly. \"Excellent!\" Sam cheered. \"Someone with an amazing voice and talent!\" \"I'll post an announcement tonight, and we can start tomorrow. Tomorrow's Saturday isn't it? Then by Monday we'll have someone to help you out. How's that my old friend?\" Rick put a strong arm around Sam and he could see a glimmer in his eye. \"Perfect! Thanks, boss.\" Sam thanked him appreciatively, and looked at his piano. \"Well, I had better get down there.\" Sam gave a small wave and walked over to his post to continue the night's entertainment. A new entertainer… Rick thought. That ought to be interesting . He slowly climbed the stairs to return to his office to make a new flyer for auditions. He thought what the requirements should be. Hm…they should be able to sing well with Sam…be able to work late. Hell, if they're good then it doesn't matter. He wrote on a large piece of paper with black marker and went to the stop of the stairs to make the announcement. \"Ladies and gentleman,\" he boomed loudly from above. Immediately, all of his guests stopped what they were doing at once to look at the man behind the club. He cleared his throat, and then continued. \"Since this beautiful club is getting busier by the night, we are looking for one more entertainer to help us out.\" As soon as he finished, loud shouting, cheering, and talking erupted all over the room. People yelled up to him to pick them, and that they would simply die for an opportunity like this one. Some tried to fight their way to the front to get Rick's attention. He silenced them as best as they could so he could finish his big announcement. \"Ok, ok, calm down for two minutes.\" He waited for them to settle down again. \"Thank you. So tomorrow at eight am if you think you have what it takes to work here, come on down to show us your best. You can sing, bring an instrument, whatever. If we happen to choose you, details of the job will come later. See you tomorrow.\" He winked and tossed the flier down to the crowd below. They all grabbed for it and chatted excitedly about auditions tomorrow. Rick retreated back to his office to drown out some of the hollering, and stared down at the letter once more. If only you would arrive tomorrow at 8, Isla. If only… ","Summary":" Isla breathed in deep, feeling an inward battle of morality and desire taking place inside of her. "},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"In the Year of the Cat","Author":"Debrah Clachair","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8829502","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In a Country Where They Turn Back Time Casablanca - July 1938 – Morning and Early Evening Guillermo Ugarte watched the Chinese woman thread her way through the bazaar. She looks even more out of place than I do . Amid throngs of Moroccan housewives in modest headscarves and European sightseers with Parisian hats and short coiffures, this woman wore her black hair loose and shimmering down her back. She glanced furtively about, as if wary of attracting attention, but her navy blue trenchcoat betrayed her. How could such a sweltering outfit fail to raise questions among the pale summer suits and flowing cotton robes everyone else at the marketplace had been sensible enough to wear? When she twisted to look behind her, Guillermo caught a blaze of orange silk at her throat. Abruptly, somebody grabbed his elbow. \"Gerzson.\" Guillermo grimaced. Even in Casablanca, his friend Jakob insisted on calling him by the Hungarian name he used when he was back in Budapest, engraving illustrations for Arany Publishing House. Maybe if he didn't answer to it, Jakob would take the hint. \"Gerzson!\" his friend insisted, \"look at me.\" Reluctantly, Guillermo turned his back on his mystery woman to smile faintly at his fellow tourist's attempt at humor: a red fez perched above his fleshy, good-natured face and a stuffed spiny-tailed lizard clutched in his beefy hand. A foot taller than Guillermo and twice as fat, Jakob had a talent for making everything familiar and everyone part of the family—a talent that a few years earlier had helped ease Guillermo's transition from being an alien Spanish Jew in Austria to being an alien Spanish Jew in Hungary. Guillermo could never stay annoyed at Jakob. Playing along, Guillermo stuck his finger in the dead lizard's mouth and pretended he'd been bitten. Jakob laughed, then prattled on about how amazed their co-workers would be by the copper hookah, embroidered lambskin caftan, and carved elephants he would be bringing back home. As he kept his head nodding, Guillermo felt his smile slip a little. This trip to Morocco was supposed to have been his homecoming—hadn't his father been born right here in Casablanca? Instead it was Jakob who jollied the old men at the coffeehouse into pointing the way to the best shops, who bargained the merchants down to their only-for-locals prices, who made the belly dancers at their hotel giggle. Guillermo—he stood to the side and watched, as much a foreigner here as he was everyplace else he had ever been. He stole a glance over his shoulder. The Chinese woman was nowhere to be seen. Quickly, he scanned the crowd. He raised his chin when he glimpsed her ducking behind a stand hung with brass lamps. His eyes lingered on her as she passed into the shadows along a blue-tiled wall. When she reached a low, wooden door, he saw her knock in a strange pattern—tap, tap, pause, tap, tap, tap. The door inched open, and she slipped inside. Gone. Gone forever . Guillermo blinked. Then absentmindedly, he scanned the market stalls. Vibrant rugs, silver tea sets, and sparkling coin necklaces vied for his attention. He should buy some trinkets. People would expect it of him. Come Monday, even his ex-wife Frieda would be asking, \"So, what did you bring me?\" And when he handed her the leather handbag, the scarf or whatever nonsense he finally settled on, she would wrinkle her nose and say, \"Was it worth it, Willi—all the money you wasted on your great, grand adventure? Did you find what you were looking for?\" \"Bloody hell.\" The high-pitched English voice startled Guillermo. He turned his head. The speaker was a tall blond young man in a safari outfit—nearly half Guillermo's age. The blond's companion could have been his twin except that he had red hair. The two were making their way through the mob of shoppers almost as determinedly as had his mystery woman. Guillermo strained to hear what they were saying. Being a polyglot had its advantages. The blond growled. \"She came this way. I know she did.\" \"I told you we shouldn't try to handle this ourselves,\" the redhead soothed. \"Bloody hell,\" the blond said again, then turned on his heel to push through the bazaar in a different direction. She , Guillermo repeated to himself. Had those two been the menace that had made his mystery woman watch her back? He knew their type. Born bullies . Hadn't he had to defend himself against such arrogant fellows most of his childhood? How dare they—two strapping young men—stalk a lone, defenseless woman? Guillermo passed a hand across his forehead. It came away damp. The sun was high—almost at the point that would shut the marketplace down for its midday nap. His father may have been born in Casablanca, but he had been born in Vienna. He wasn't used to such heat. It did strange things to his mind. \"Jakob,\" he said. \"Help me get a good price on those ceramic beads over there. They'll make nice gifts.\" Twenty minutes later, nine strands of pretty little beads snugly wrapped in newspaper under one arm and four pairs of goatskin slippers dangling from the other, Guillermo dutifully followed their tour guide, Madame Bertuska, back through the maze of streets that led to their hotel. \"I advise you all to get a good rest,\" she called gaily over her shoulder to her dozen charges. \"No skipping your nap to play pinochle. Tomorrow we'll be flying home. So tonight, I have planned an extra special treat. We're all going to the Blue Parrot.\" In honor of his last night in Casablanca, Guillermo put on his new white suit. The boxy shoulders gave his slight build some elegance—at least that was what he had told himself when he'd plunked down more for it than his engraver's salary could justify. If only his face had more leading man qualities. The chipped mirror on the back of the hotel room door reflected the features that had earned him the nickname gnome the day he'd started Volksschule. His dark brown eyes were so large, they dominated his face, and his flat ears were nearly pointed. With a shrug, he raised his comb to his short black hair and slicked it to the right. Then the door swung toward him, and he jumped back. Jakob ambled in, vigorously toweling his curly brown hair. \"Knock, why don't you?\" Guillermo muttered. Jakob raised a bushy eyebrow at his roommate's fancy attire. \"I'll remember for later. I wouldn't want to disturb you with a lady.\" Guillermo's short glimpse of his mystery woman's profile flashed through his mind—high patrician forehead, exotic slanted eyes, and long, curved lips. \"No,\" he replied dryly. \"You might have broken my nose.\" Jakob grinned his apology and bumped the door shut with his rear end. He was wearing the same tan suit he'd worn to the marketplace, not minding that hanging it in the bathroom while he showered had wilted any claim to pressed creases it once had held. Guillermo bit his lip. Now the vanity of his own outfit seemed a trifle foolish, but he'd look even sillier if he changed it now. \"Don't forget to switch your papers from your other pants,\" Jakob reminded him. \"You could get into a lot of trouble in Casablanca if you're stopped and don't have your papers.\" Guillermo patted his hip pocket. \"Don't worry. I have my passport and visa right here.\"[Chapter 2] Everybody Comes to the Blue Parrot Casablanca - July 1938 – Later That Evening So this is the Blue Parrot , Guillermo thought as he surveyed the large but unexceptional tavern. The live namesake that had squawked at them from a hanging perch by the entrance had raised a murmur of expectation from his tour group. Now that they were inside, the only exotic touches he could see were a couple of flyspecked, tile-framed mirrors and a few bedraggled potted palms. Even the spinning of the overhead ceiling fans was half-hearted. The bottles of whiskey and gin lined up behind the counter were encouraging. Their own hotel, adhering to strict Moslem principles, served only coffee and tea. But the good-time girls posed along the adjacent wall—half of them in flowered sundresses and the other half in bangle-studded choli tops and wispy, see-through skirts reminiscent of dirty French postcards—they were merely depressing. Guillermo heard the faint lilt of a reed flute competing with drums, tambourines and an oud, but the whisper of static told him the Arabic music was coming from a radio. The belly dancers at their hotel were considered folk artists. One could clap along, but one could not touch. If any of these ladies had enough talent to keep a beat, he suspected that a few francs would allow one's appreciation to be carried to some sleazy upstairs room. So much for Madame Bertuska's extra special treat. Then he caught sight of her, and his whole evening changed. The booths off to one side were veiled behind curtains of wooden beads. At the center table, across from a young American-looking couple and half-hidden by a fat gentleman in a fez, sat his mystery lady shuffling cards. Oh, her hair was different—pulled back from her face with two silver combs and coiled at the nape of her neck. When she leaned forward, her high-collared, white silk dress revealed her slim figure. Instead of wary, she now appeared in charge as she dealt hands to her three companions. But despite the changes, he knew it was she. What is she doing in this seedy place? Is she a rich tourist slumming it? How can I meet her? What will I say? Guillermo looked away and fumbled in his breast pocket for his cigarettes. As he lit one, he noticed Madame Bertuska. Her cheeks were growing pink as she eyed the line of prostitutes, the rough-looking men conspiring over beers at the back of the room, the Spanish sailors lounging against the bar, and the drunk snoring by the rear door. Two of the married men were staring longingly at the bottles of hard liquor, but neither made a move. Madame Olga, the professor's wife, had pursed her upper lip. The spinster twins, Erna and Malina, merely gawked. Out of nowhere, Guillermo felt a clap on his back so hard, he almost bit off his cigarette filter. Jakob . His friend gave him a grin, then ambled across the room, fiddled with the knob on the oversized radio, chose some French dance music, and asked the floozy in the pink-and-yellow dress to take a spin. The old bear was never out of his element. Why can't I be more like him? Guillermo stole a glance at his mystery woman, then sauntered to a greasy side table. With elaborate nonchalance, he settled himself on an awkward, little, wrought iron chair at an angle that allowed him to study her out the corner of his eye. Had the four cardplayers come to the Blue Parrot together, perhaps setting out from their fancy hotel to find the real Casablanca? Or had they met here by chance? To decide how to approach her, he needed those answers. But for the moment, being near her was enough. He pretended to savor his smoke as his sideways gaze caressed her sable hair, her ivory cheeks, her delicate hands. Then Madame Bertuska bustled up to him. \"Mr. Ugarte, I'm so sorry. This place has changed considerably since I was here last. I doubt they even serve proper meals. But never fear. The evening need not be wasted. If we return to the Riad D'Or, I'm certain the kitchen can fix us up a nice cold supper. I have a couple of decks. We can play duroc.\" Guillermo took a long drag on his cigarette. Then he favored his tour guide with his most genial smile. \"I'm quite comfortable here, thank you. And I mustn't leave Jakob. No telling what mischief he'll get himself into. Don't trouble yourself. We'll find our way back.\" \"So.\" Unexpectedly, Madame Bertuska winked. \"Just make sure you come in time to pack before checkout at eleven.\" As Madame Bertuska rounded up the rest of her flock, the fat man in the fez took notice. He folded his hand hastily and wiggled his way down his bench and out of the booth. As the wooden beads rattled back together, the Chinese goddess calmly fanned out her cards face up in sets of five and two. Guillermo heard the man across from her groan as she deftly swept his little pile of francs into her purse. Guillermo stubbed out his cigarette in his table's already overflowing ashtray. He closed his eyes as his resolve wavered between lighting another and seizing his chance. Abruptly, he pushed back from his table and stood, then quickly turned to grab his chair to keep it from toppling. An image of Frieda rolling her eyes loomed in his mind. Decisively, he turned away from it and forced himself to stroll to the center booth. I see you're playing cards. Need a fourth? I see you don't belong here. Mind if I steal you away? Reaching the point of no return, Guillermo grabbed a handful of beads to pull them aside. One strand broke, and the little wooden beads clattered on the tile floor. At the sound, his mystery woman looked up. She stared at him a moment. Guillermo thought he saw some odd flicker of expression, almost of recognition. But that was ridiculous. He was imagining things. \"Excuse me,\" he mumbled in German. He repeated the phrase in French, tried Spanish, then stopped—at a loss for which language to use. \"You are three times excused,\" his Chinese goddess answered in proper Oxfordian English. \"Never mind the beads. Signor Ferrari is at fault for his lack of upkeep. The somewhat large gentleman trying to convince your comrades to stay—he owns this establishment.\" Her coral lips curved slightly. Then she looked down again at the cards she was shuffling. Guillermo realized she was giving him time to respond, but his mind had gone blank. She slid the deck across the table so the cards could be cut. Hastily, the young man put his hand over the young woman's with the familiarity of a husband with a wife. \"No, dear. We really must be getting back.\" They're leaving. Say something! Guillermo pleaded with himself. What if his mystery lady left with them? The young woman dipped her chin to throw her man a pretty little moue of appeal. \"Just one more. She's won eight times in a row. The odds are—\" \"That I'll win again,\" the mystery lady finished the young woman's sentence. \"I was born in the year of the cat.\" Guillermo saw the young man shoot her a look that said he thought something more than an auspicious birthday was involved. How dare he! \"But, darling . . .\" the young woman pleaded. The young man lifted her hand off the deck and entwined her fingers with his. \"Sweetheart.\" Then he edged down their bench, pulling her after him. The mystery woman reached for her deck. \"Masalaam,\" she murmured as the husband hurried his wife away. We're alone . Guillermo swallowed hard. \"I—I'll play.\" \"Pai Gow for two?\" she answered without looking at him. \"I would advise against it.\" Quickly, Guillermo slid himself onto the bench the couple had vacated. \"Because you're uncommonly lucky and you always win? Because you were . . . born in the year of the cat?\" The exotic phrase came slowly off his tongue. She glanced up and flashed him a brilliant smile. \"No. Because I cheat.\" Guillermo leaned back with a nervous laugh while his eyebrows knitted together. Surely, she was joking. How should he respond? She turned her head, and Guillermo followed her gaze to the front door through which Madame Bertuska was just disappearing. Signor Ferrari scowled at his fleeing customers and lumbered over to the bar. Irritably, he snapped his fingers at the three prostitutes who had not yet coupled off with one of his patrons. One of them bent down to the radio and found some Arabic music again. The other two padded to the center of the room and started to shimmy. Jakob and a couple of the sailors began clapping to the beat of the drums. \"Signor Ferrari won't accept that he can't have it both ways,\" the mystery lady said. \"The Blue Parrot cannot be the hub of all illicit activity in Casablanca and still be a must-see for the respectable, middle-class tourist.\" Middle-class tourist . That meant him. \"But you're here,\" Guillermo said without thinking. She clicked open her white silk purse and tucked her deck inside. \"Who said I was respectable?\" Guillermo's chin dropped a little, and without meaning to, he let his gaze slide again to the center of the tavern where Jakob was giving his Hungarian interpretation of the belly dance between the two harem costumed hookers. \"No, not that!\" The Chinese woman giggled—and for a moment, she sounded like a child. \"No. There are many things I do for money. But that is not one of them.\" Guillermo passed a hand across his jaw. He exhaled slowly, amazed at how relieved he felt. She had meant the Pai Gow. That wasn't so bad. \"You gamble—for a living. That's . . . interesting. I've never met—\" But she was looking at Signor Ferrari again. \"Excuse me.\" She slipped off her bench and out of the booth, taking her purse with her. Guillermo sat motionless a moment. Then he slapped a hand to his forehead. What was wrong with him? He'd accused her of being a card sharp. That hadn't been what she'd meant. Why hadn't he offered her a drink? Why hadn't he asked her to dance? Frieda's voice wafted up from his subconscious: Guillermo Ugarte, man of inaction. Gloomily, he scanned the room for his mystery woman. She had opened her purse and was handing something to Signor Ferrari. It looked suspiciously like she was giving him his cut of her winnings. Troubled, Guillermo watched the fat man pocket her offering, then fold his hands on top of his enormous stomach. Whatever he said next, the Chinese woman didn't like it. Guillermo saw her throw her head back to give Ferrari a piece of her mind. In answer, he smiled, draped an arm around her shoulders and whispered in her ear. She shook her head. He whispered again. Hesitantly, she nodded. As she turned her head toward him, Guillermo looked down to inspect his fingernails. Then he reached in his breast pocket for his cigarettes. In a moment, the music switched back to jazz—a slow, swing number. Just as he'd succeeded in lighting his match on the third try, he heard the rustle of the wooden beads. He looked up to see his mystery woman gazing at him with solemn, fathomless eyes. \"Would you like to dance?\" she asked. Guillermo stared at her so long, his match burned his fingertips. Distractedly, he shook out the flame and relegated both the match and his cigarette to the table's ashtray. \"If you don't mind.\" Guillermo was barely aware of gliding out of the booth, rising to his feet, and stepping toward her. All he could see were her eyes. Their color was as deep and dark as his own, but their shape was an exquisite almond he'd only seen in photographs. She was a couple of inches taller than he, but he was used to being shorter than his dance partners. He could see in her eyes that it didn't matter. When he reached out to cup her shoulder and clasp her hand in the prescribed manner, she moved closer. He inhaled sharply—an intoxicating scent he couldn't identify. Then he wrapped his arms around her. As they began swaying to the melancholy saxophone, she laid her cheek on his shoulder. Beneath the bittersweet melody, he could hear her heartbeat. \"I like you,\" she whispered. \"If only we could have met in the year of the cat.\"[Chapter 3] She Doesn't Give You Time for Questions Casablanca - July 1938 – Still Later that Evening Much too soon for Guillermo's liking, the song ended. Slowly, he and his Chinese goddess drifted to a stop. The French announcer began touting a shop that carried both American cigarettes and Cuban cigars. She stirred in his arms, and reluctantly, he let her go. Their dance had dislodged one of her combs, and a wing of her long black hair hung across one side of her face. \"Thank you,\" she said. \"That did me more good than you know.\" Guillermo took hold of her hand. \"Tell me your name.\" I can't keep thinking of you as my mystery lady . She slipped her fingers from his and reached up to tidy her hair. \"Lulu. That's what everyone calls me.\" \"No,\" Guillermo persisted. \"Tell me your real name—the one your mother and father chose for you. Before whatever it was happened that brought you to Casablanca.\" She looked aside. Then she forced a smile. \"Ting Xia.\" He let the exotic syllables sweep over him like an ocean wave. \"Ting Xia.\" He hoped he hadn't mangled the pronunciation. \"My name is Guillermo. Guillermo Ugarte. Please. Sit down with me. Let me buy you a drink.\" I have so much to ask you, so much I want to say. \"No,\" she said quickly. \"You needn't spend any money on me. I enjoyed meeting you, but it is time for me to go.\" She'd slung her purse behind her back while they danced. Now she tucked it up under her arm again. Guillermo reached out to brush back a stray strand of her hair. \"Let me walk you home. It's late, it's not safe—\" \"I know Casablanca. I don't need a protector. I have some business to complete with Signor Ferrari. Then I'll catch a taxi at the corner.\" Impulsively, Guillermo grabbed Ting Xia's hand and kissed the back of it. \"Please. I feel like I've known you a long—like I've been looking—but we've barely met. Please stay. Give me a chance.\" You said, I like you . She ran her eyes over his face, as if memorizing the details. \"No. This is how things are.\" Reluctantly, Guillermo let go of her hand. \"Adieu,\" Ting Xia murmured and turned away. As he stared after her, something inside him said, Not yet . Since they'd started dancing, more customers had arrived. Guillermo watched Ting Xia weave her way through the couples gathering at the center of the room to take advantage of the hot little jazz number now blaring scratchily from the radio. As she passed, a number of people called out, \"Lulu!\" Two elderly Arabs playing chess nodded their greetings. She does know Casablanca , Guillermo thought. With her in it, the Blue Parrot no longer seemed disreputable. It seemed warm and friendly. Signor Ferrari, now bellied up to the bar, was another matter. As his Chinese Goddess approached him again, Guillermo narrowed his eyes. He didn't like the smarmy smile that came over the fat man's face when he heard what Ting Xia had to say. Ferrari set down the whisky bottle he had been about to pour and made an ostentatious salaam, beckoning her to accompany him into a backroom. When they had disappeared into whatever private den Ferrari had chosen to complete their business, Guillermo hunkered down on the nearest chair, prepared to stare at the door until Ting Xia came out and he could make his case to her again. Talk, laughter and music surrounded him. He might as well have been alone. He rested his chin in his hands and his elbows on his knees, both vigilant and distracted. Traveling with a tour group to escape the rut of his everyday life had been futile. He had just taken the rut with him. In two weeks of holiday, he hadn't connected with anything in this strange, glamorous land—until tonight. And tonight would be his last. Ting Xia! By this time tomorrow, he would be staring out an airplane window, reflecting on the stars, wondering if she were gazing at them too, resigned to never seeing her again. That was how things were. That was how they had to be. But not yet. He recalled an engraving he had done for an edition of the Arabian Nights. In it, a beggar boy had caught a djinni by the toe, refusing to let go until he was granted three wishes. Guillermo had no idea what his three wishes would be, but he was sure that whatever they were, Ting Xia could fulfill them. When the door to Ferrari's backroom swung open, Guillermo sat up straight. He craned his neck to see around the barmaid who'd walked up to offer him a drink. He watched the fat man swagger out, cast an assessing eye over his tavern, then join a black-bearded man seated in an alcove. Guillermo stood, tense and alert, not sure what he would say to make Ting Xia stay with him, but knowing he had to try. She didn't come through the door. Guillermo strode across the Blue Parrot. His resolve parted a path through the sea of talkers and dancers. Jakob called out to him, \"Gerzson, hang on a minute.\" Guillermo ignored him. He rounded the bar, disregarding the bartender's affronted challenge, and ducked into the backroom. He found himself in a shadowy storage area—cartons of booze on one side, Signor Ferrari's desk and safe on the other. Ting Xia was nowhere in sight. Guillermo brought his fists down like hammers on his own thighs. \"Scheisse! Gottfluch es zur hoelle! Dumkopf! Idiot!\" He hurried across the dirty floor, yanked open the rear door, and rushed outside. The alley was narrow and dark. It smelled of spilt liquor, rotting vegetables, and cat piss. No Ting Xia . He strode a few yards to the left, peering into the darkness. He turned and strode past the Blue Parrot in the other direction, trying to draw a map in his mind of where this alley might lead and what streets might lie beyond it that could take him to the marketplace and that hidden door in the blue-tiled wall. Then he heard a scream. Guillermo took off running. He ran blind, bumping into piled crates, splashing in puddles, scaring rats into skittering out of his path. Soon, the alley angled off into a courtyard. On the far side, he saw a shorter alley with lights and possibly a street beyond it. Had she escaped that way? Or was she in the shadows nearby, alone and defenseless, cowering before whatever had made her cry out? His heart pounded in his throat as he swung left, then right, desperate to know which direction to go. She shrieked again. Someone retorted in a mocking voice. Guillermo froze. It was the same arrogant English voice he'd heard that morning. Slowly, Guillermo turned. At first, he saw nothing. Then someone in an upper story apartment lit a lamp. In the faint light, he caught a glimpse of Ting Xia's white silk dress. The two bullies had backed her against a wall. Two . And each was at least a foot taller and a decade younger than he was. Guillermo's stomach constricted like a knot. Two . ","Summary":" In a Country Where They Turn Back Time Casablanca - July 1938 – Morning and Early Evening Guillermo"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"Triangle","Author":"XFoxMuldersGirlX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6620235","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing :0( (only what happens to be in my imagination) All characters belong to MGM Triangle At first there was Rick. Then there was Sacha. Then there was me. Rick owned the bar and Sacha worked at the bar. And me? Where did I fit in? Well, I was with Sacha…and Rick. It wasn't what you think. Or maybe it is exactly what you think. I'll start at the beginning shall I? Years ago, Rick opened his bar, Rick's Café Americain, and obviously he needed to staff it. That is where Sacha fitted in. Rick hired Sacha to work behind the bar and serve drinks. He hired me too. As a waitress. That's how I met Sacha. We fell in love over bottles of Bourbon and glasses of Champagne cocktails. I was good at my job. I served food, drinks and cigarettes. Like all good waitresses I also flirted and smiled. It was a good job that Sacha wasn't the jealous type, as all my flirting and smiling had gotten me noticed…a lot. He would just smile and in his thick Russian accent just say Yvonne, I love you. Nothing ever happened. I wouldn't do that to Sacha. That is until Rick noticed me… Rick. How does one describe Rick? Well, Rick was bad tempered and cynical and a good ten years older than me but Rick was the type of man that no one, no girl at least, could ever refuse him anything. Soon after Rick *happened* I stopped working at the bar. I didn't like the idea of taking money under false pretences. Rick was paying me to waitress and I wasn't waitressing. Instead I started drinking there, Sacha didn't like me drinking but he served my drinks anyway. I always drank more when I wasn't there waiting for Rick. Its not that Rick himself caused me to drink, but the situation that I found myself in did. You see, my relationship with Richard Blaine was well known. It was one of those secrets that everyone knew about. All the staff in the saloon did and somehow the patrons too. Well, the regular ones did at least. It wasn't that we weren't discreet. We were. Very. But somehow discretion wasn't required. What we were doing, it was just, well...it was just accepted. So you can see my position: I was having a relationship with my boyfriends' boss and my boyfriend knew all about it. And his work colleagues. Not only that, Rick knew that Sacha knew about us. It must have been simply humiliating for him. Sacha was wonderful about it though… he always kept up his cheerful, laid back attitude despite feeling anything but cheerful. My other problem was again, not a simple one. Simple. What is simple?… Anyway. My problem. My problem was that the more time I spent with that rough-around-the-edges landlord the more I found I was falling in love with him. . I felt terrible for what I was putting Sacha through. I used to drown my sorrows about him in bourbon too. I did love him which made things so much more painful. I don't think I could ever imagine what he used to think of me…or Rick. Who could blame him? I didn't . I understood completely if he were to hate me. I used to beg Sacha to leave the bar, to find another job but I knew it was an impossible ask. His response was always the same Yvonne, I love you but he pays me. I suppose if Sacha were to question Rick then he would have just been dismissed and Sacha really needed the job. He just couldn't go back to Russia. Saying that, Rick was a wonderful employer. He was generous and kind to all his staff, even to Sacha but especially to his piano player, Sam. Rick loved Sam. So Sacha suffered in silence. Never saying a word about what I was doing or where I was going, because he always knew… I was going to Rick's. Although it wasn't always to be his lover…sometimes he just wanted a drinking partner. Thinking about it now, I should have hated the very sight of Richard Blaine. Hated what I was doing with him but as I mentioned earlier, I was in love with him… so I couldn't even though I wanted to.. Every girl Rick ever met fell in love with him. He was un-believably handsome, with dark hair and eyes of a deep warm chocolate brown. He had a look about him too. One that made you think of danger and excitement and romance all at the same time. Although he was never arrogant or conceited about any of it. It was one of those things, a fact of life. Women loved him and men wanted to be him… that was just how it went. I know through my own experience that part of Rick's allure has a lot to do with the fact he was troubled and distant. I mean that apart from Sam, no one was ever close to Rick. He never let anyone get close. Maybe its true, maybe it isn't, but all I know is that most of Rick's girls all wanted to be the one who fixed him. They all had wanted, myself included, to be the one who mended the hole in his heart and broke through that cold, frosty shell of his. No one ever managed it though…not to my knowledge at least. As I said, it was well known that Rick had liked his girls. He had had a few in his time but you never felt used and discarded when your time with him, for that night, was over. You might be forgiven for thinking that there was a constant stream of girls coming out of Ricks bedroom, just one after aother, like a conveyor belt, but it wasn't like that. For all his faults Rick was a gentleman. He respected women. At any rate, he respected them well enough to love only one woman at a time. No. When Rick was with you, he was with you. You were his only thought. He loved you as though you were the only girl in the world. He was gentle and careful and just perfectly wonderful. Until the dawn came. As sunlight returned to the world so did that bitter, harsh, chain-smoking, smart-talking business man.[Chapter 2] Everything changed though, when that girl, arrived in Casablanca. Rick stopped seeing me. Instead he started drinking, heavily. He continued to drink too, after she left. Again, he didn't want me, not even as his drinking buddy. His new companion in those days was the Prefect of Police, Louis Renault. He had no need of me anymore. Of course I was heartbroken when I realised I wasn't going to get another late night phone call or another of his rather impersonal handwritten notes, slipped to me in secret, that simply said Tonight. Midnight. It meant of course, that I would never hurt Sacha again. That I could love him again and be only his. No longer did he have to share me.[Chapter 3] For all that, I will be eternally grateful to that girl, whoever she was, and whatever her relationship, past or present, with Rick that meant that I became my own again. Not forgetting… never forgetting that I had the opportunity to be loved by the great Richard Blaine. An experience I don't think I can ever bring myself to completely regret. After all I had loved him… and he too had loved me. However briefly. The End ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing :0( (only what happens to be in my imagination) All characters belong to "},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"Asi","Author":"Pearl Emerald","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4040108","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The movie Casablanca and any characters that appeared in that movienobviously don't belong to me. However, Maya, her family, and hernmisadventures do belong to me. Capítulo 1: El bebido Un díanregresaremos. One daynwe'll return. MayanBat-Zvi was drunk. It had never happenednto her before. Not on the holidays, not after her grandfather'sndeath. Granted, she was only twenty, but where the laws in Spain werenlenient with regards to alcohol consumption, her padre wasnnot. So the first time she consumed a medium-sized glass of tequilanin Casablanca, her eyes had become heavy and her sight blurred. Allnshe could feel was the piano, playing a melody she couldn't quitenplace. She rested her head onnher folded arms, and felt the fabric tighten across her broadnshoulders. The drink had forced to the forefront of her mind memoriesnof Spain, and the war there. Franco had defeated the Republicans, butnafter the war had to reunite a fragmented Spain, which he had notnbeen able to yet do. Her father Zvi hadnmoved to Madrid from Zuromin, a small Polish town near Warsaw, sonthat he could follow his cousins to America, but hadn't counted onnfalling in love with Rachel Zimmermann, from Warsaw proper. They hadnstayed in Spain and had so far been safe from Nazi interferencenthere, but when Zvi had heard of the burning of Zuromin and thenmassacres of the Jews in Warsaw he grew wary of the Spanishngovernment and realized that if the Nazis could break into France,ndirectly to the north, nothing would stop them from entering Spain.nAnd so he, with his wife and daughter Maya, had left Spain fornMorocco, for he had heard of sympathetic Arabs and Christians there. And so there the familynlived, with Zvi, Rachel, and Maya working as booksellers in the souk ,nthe Arab marketplace. For although Zvi had not been rich, he hadnrevered the written word and thus possessed many different works innHebrew, Spanish, and French. Upon their departure,nthe family had somehow transported the library to Casablanca and setnup a bookstand, where they traded and sold books. Surprisingly, thenbusiness was doing well, and over the months had been converted intona sort of library. The family had not counted on the number of peoplenleaving Casablanca who could not find room or afford to keep theirnbooks as they left. So those people would sell their books to thenBenzvis, as the family was known. As they stayed in Casablanca, thenmore attached to the city and more reluctant to leave the familynbecame. The business was doing well, and so long as no-one discoverednthe family's religion the three were safe. Because there was enoughnmoney for the family to get by, Zvi didn't allow Maya to work onnSaturday nights or Sundays, and encouraged her to explore the city onnher own while her father maintained the shop. After only a few monthsnin the city, Maya had discovered Rick's club, a fancy establishmentnabout a mile from her family's lodgings. While she by no means fitnin with the décor or the clientele, Maya had snuck in tonobserve and had on more than one occasion been offered a drink, oftennby an older man with pity in his eyes. She had never accepted annoffer for fear that her reputation would be placed in jeopardy. Butnon this night she had brought her own money and bought her own drink,nin the dress that she and her mother had made. She had told hernparents that she was going to visit a club, just to see if the gossipnin the souk was true. While her father was a little reluctant,nRachel encouraged Maya to enjoy her youth, noting that, at twenty,nthere was not much time left before she would need to start lookingnfor a husband. And now here she was,nmore drunk than the boys at the universidad on a Friday night.nCompletely without shame and regard for her father's lectures. Mayantried again to pick up her head, and this time succeeded, her headnclearing a little. She shook her head, but this only made her headnhurt and her stomach lurch. She swiveled around in the chair,nbeckoning to the bartender. \"¿ Donde está el baño?\" she asked. The bartender cocked his head, confused. \" ¿Dondenestá el baño?\" she asked again. The bartendernshook his said and said slowly \"I do not a-speak Spainish. Do younneed help?\" She nodded. He motioned to a person behind her, a womannwearing a black skirt and white shirt who came to stand next to Maya.n\"Emilia will help you, she a-speaks your language.\" And with thatnhe moved towards the other end of the bar. \"Can I help you,nmadame?\" asked Emilia in Spanish. Not the rapidfire Castilian Mayanwas used to, but Spanish just the same. Maya said, \"I just wantednto know where the bathroom is.\" Emilia pointed to a room just tonthe left of the bar. \"There it is, madame, and should you need helpnyou may find me here.\" The words came together in Maya's mind andnso all she understood was \"there\" and \"madame\". She pulled herself tonher feet, stumbling, and managed to walk slowly the twenty feet tonthe washrooms. As soon as she entered a stall she fell to her kneesnand voided the tequila and her dinner. Padre, I should havenlistened to you , she thought as the toilet flushed and her headnpounded. She got up and looked in the mirror. My hair…and mynface…I look like I have not bathed in days… She shook her headnagain, loosening the rest of her auburn hair so that it fell over hernshoulders. That's a bit better. She opened the door, andnstepped outside. When the pounding innher head subsided, Maya started to make her way towards the doors innthe back. She stopped a few times to get her bearings, but made it.nAs she approached the foyer someone opened the door and a rush of hotnair hit Maya. Between her headache and stomachache, and thenlightheadedness that had started after she had vomited, Maya couldn'tnbreathe. She saw black and white spots, and remembered no more. After a time, Maya camento. She was sitting outside, under an umbrella. She looked around,nand suddenly remembered where she was. She tried to stand up, but hernlegs were shaky. \"Hey there, don't you be trying to stand upnyet.\" Maya started, but became calmer when she saw a man walkingntoward her with a glass of water. His skin was dark, like thenAfricans about whom she had read in her father's collection. Henlooked about thirty or so, not much older. He was taller than she,nand had broad chest, shoulders, and an average waist. His face, whilennot exactly attractive, was creased with a frown. He pulled a chairnout from the table and sat, placing the glass on the table. \"Drinknup,\" he said. \"It's good for ya.\" Maya stared at him. \"It'snjust water,\" he said. With her barely passable English, shenunderstood him, through his strange accent, and drank the water. Shenknew she shouldn't accept from a stranger, but he seemed kind, andnsomething about him reassured her and prompted her to trust him. \"Never had that muchnto drink, huh?\" he asked suddenly. \"What?\" she asked,nsurprised. \"Have you ever beenndrunk?\" \"Oh. No.\" He sighed. \"I wouldnbe more careful next time, if I was you. There's all sorts ofnpeople here could take advantage of a pretty girl like you if you'rennot careful.\" She blushed, but didn't reply. He looked at hisnwatch, and stood up. He walked to the road, and waved his hand. Outnof nowhere came an automobile, driven by a sleepy-looking man. Thenblack man bent over and said something to the driver, and then camenback to her and guided her to the car. She got in, and he started tonwalk away. Maya started again. \"Wait!\" she said. He turnednaround. \"What is your name?\" she asked. He looked at her for ansecond, but then replied, \"It's Sam, ma'am.\" \"Thank you, Sam.\" He shrugged. \"It'snnothing. You take care of yourself.\" \"I will.\" He turned back aroundnand walked back inside the club. She pulled the door closed andnsagged against the leather seat. The driver turned around. \"Wherento, miss?\" She closed her eyes.n\"422 Street of Flowers. Please.\" The driver started the engine,nand took her home. Sam.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: If you see anything you recognize, chances are it isn't mine Disclaimer: If you seenanything you recognize, chances are it isn't mine. The Ben-Zvi/nBenzvi family IS mine. Sorry for any historical inaccuracies…let menknow and I'll fix them. Capítulon2: La tienda \"Maya?\" Maya opened one eye,nsaw her mother's worried face next to her, and promptly pulled thencotton blanket over her head. \" M'ija , wakenup.\" \"No.\" \"Maya. It's noonnalready, and the books won't sell themselves. Levantate, ahora .\"nRachel pulled the blanket gently back from her daughter's face. Maya, forced awake bynthe sunlight streaming in through the window next to her bed, sat upnslowly and rubbed her eyes. She reached for the brush on thenwindowsill and automatically brushed her knotted curly hair andnplaited it while her mother puttered around the room looking for anplace to sit. This was not an easy feat, considering that the onlynfurniture in the room was the small bed, a footrest that servedndually as a chair, a small chest of drawers, and the piles of books,nwhich could have functioned as chairs but for that Maya refused tonlet anyone's backside touch the books, out of respect. Eventually,nRachel chose the footstool, even though she was far too tall for thenseat to be comfortable. Maya, hair braided, gotnout of bed and pulled the small curtain away from the window. Alreadynpeople were waiting in front of the shop for the Benzvis to returnnfrom their lunch break. \"Ima, why didn'tnyou wake me sooner? How did you and Abba manage this morning?\" Mayanasked. She walked to the chest of drawers and opened the top drawer,nselecting a light pink blouse and grey skirt. Rachel shrugged. \"Eh,nthere were fewer people this morning. Besides, your Abba was worriednabout you.\" \"Why?\" asked Maya,nfastening the buttons on the blouse. \"Well, after lastnweek when you came back late and smelling like tequila, we let younsleep in and left you alone. But you've been very quiet and not atnall like your normal self. Yusuf says he misses joking with you aboutnfairy tales.\" Rachel smiled, remembering how her daughter'snfriend looked when she told him that Maya wasn't speaking or seeingnanyone. The son of the weaver's face had held an expression akin tonthat of a dog falling out of a window, and hadn't come by thenbookseller's for a few days. Maya sighed. \"I'mnfine, Ima. I just haven't felt like talking for a few days. I'mnsorry for worrying you and Abba, but I'm fine, I promise.\" Shenstraightened her skirt and walked out of the room. Behind her, Rachel'snvoice called out, \"Oh, and there was a man asking for you thisnmorning.\" Maya turned and walked right into her mother, and theynboth fell down. \"Sorry.\" Rachelnwaved her off. \"It's nothing.\" Maya walked down thenhall to the kitchen, where she found a cup of tea and some bread andncheese on a plate waiting on the table. She sat, realizing how hungrynshe was. She waited for Rachel to come and join her, and then startednto eat. While eating, she remembered that the past week had gone bynvery quickly, and that she couldn't remember the last time she hadneaten a good meal by her own choice. Maya had returned home fromnRick's disheveled in hair and clothing, lightheaded, and stinkingnof alcohol. She had fallen asleep and awoken the next morning tonirritated parents, who had thoroughly interrogated Maya about hernactivities the previous night. When they realized she had only gottenndrunk and had not transgressed besides, they forgave her and shenreturned to her usual schedule of work and sleep, with occasionalnfood and time with her parents. But though she worked hard and triednto behave as normal, Maya had though frequently of Sam, even thoughnshe doubted he would think of her ever, and even though she believednthat his kind behavior that night at Rick's had been only customernservice. Maya hadn't wasted her time fawning over him, but insteadnhad spent much time in her room reading, which worried her parents,nas the free reign over the city that had been so important to her wasnsuddenly lower on her priorities. Maya didn't want to chancenmeeting him if she went out, afraid that she would say somethingnstupid and childish. She had grown quieter, not because she missednSam, but because she was tired after staying up late to read. When she was finished,nMaya pushed the plate away. \"Ima, you said someone asked for me?\"nshe asked. Rachel frowned. Shendidn't want Maya to start mooning over someone like the women whoncame to the shop to buy romance novels, but she had to admit, he hadnbeen handsome, and a gentleman. \"He came by the store at aroundnten, and asked if a girl named Maya with curly hair lived here. Inasked why, and he said he had something of yours, but he needed tonhand it to you himself, to make sure you got it. So I told him younwere out, and that you might be back later in the day.\" \"So, who was he? Whatndid he look like?\" Maya's voice didn't betray her nerves. Sam,nplease may it have been Sam… \"About as tall asnyour Abba, but about thirty or so. Dark skin, Moorish, probably. Darkneyes, and a kind smile.\" Rachel said. Sam. It has to be, Maya thought, breathing a sigh of relief. Out loud she said, \"Oh.nHe doesn't sound familiar, but I guess I'll have to talk to himnlater and see what he wants.\" Which was true. Maya didn't recallnanything of hers that he could have to return to her. Pushing thenchair out, she stood up and carried her plate over to the sink andnrinsed it with the bucket of water next to it. Rachel came up next tonher and put her arms around Maya's waist. \"Ah, now I knownsomething is wrong. You don't even make noise while rinsing yourndish.\" Rachel hugged her daughter. \"Don't worry, I won't ask.nBut go, it's already half-past, and your Abba has to open up thenshop again.\" She gently pushed Maya towards the door, realizingnthat even though her child was almost twenty, Maya still needed anmother. Maya walked to the roomnadjoined to the house, which served as the bookshop. Zvi was alreadynthere, waiting for her. \"So, Mayaleh, we willnopen the shop,\" he said with a smile. Unlocking the door to thenshop, he let Maya slip inside to open the windows as she always did.nHe stepped inside, and, noticing that a few books had fallen, stoopednto pick them up. He felt a pain in his lower back, so he stood upnagain slowly. Noticing, Maya came from around the counter andnsilently took the books from him and put them back. She then helpednhim up. Smiling a little, Zvi said, \"Eh, so I'm a little tired,nwhat can I say. I can still run this shop!\" Wiping his foreheadnwith a handkerchief, he walked towards the money box and unlocked it.nMaya walked over, and gave him a hug. \"Thank you for notnwaking me, Abba, but I'm sorry you and Ima had to do all of thenwork yourselves,\" she said. \"What, so once in anwhile I can't give my daughter some time to relax and sleep, afternshe works so hard? Don't worry about it. We weren't too busynanyway.\" Zvi hugged her back. The two heard ancreaking noise, and looked towards the door, where five customers hadnjust entered. Grinning at each other, father and daughter went tonwork. ThreenHours Later \"That is 5 dirham,nsir. Have a good afternoon.\" Maya wiped her forehead. It was stillnquite hot, even in the late afternoon. It was ridiculous, really,nthat the heat permeated the entire room, even the shade. It had beenna fairly slow day, comparatively, and in between serving customersnMaya had been reading Hugo's Notre-Dame de Paris . How boringnthe endless descriptions of architecture were, the numerous flyingnbuttresses, arches, gargoyles enumerated repeatedly nearly promptednMaya to put the book back on the shelf for sale. But the story of thenhalf-formed man, Quasimodo, and his association with both thenChristian and the heathen sides of the law, had intrigued her justnenough that she continued reading. But not enough that she couldnforget about Sam's impending visit for a time, until she lookednoutside and noticed the sun very slowly starting to set. The bells over the doorntinkled, but Maya didn't look up, as she would not until a customernapproached, and then she would see them out of the corner of her eyenfirst. Maya sighed, and felt for a bookmarker. The fictional plightnof a man from over four centuries prior was not of interest to hernwhen her mind was so clearly centered on the present day. She glancednat the clock on the wall. 3:30, she thought. Where innHashem's name could he be? If, she reminded herself, it wasneven him. It could be someone else; Moors were quite a common sightnin the souk , but not in her family's shop. But not with anstrange accent…no matter. It didn't matter. He was just some man.nIt wasn't important. The war would be over and everyone would leavenbefore they could become acquaintances. A shape shifted onnMaya's left, sparking her attention, and she looked up. And up. Antall, dark man with a familiar face peered down at her, unsmiling.nFlustered, Maya jumped up, upsetting the book, and made a valiantnattempt to straighten her hair and skirt. \"Can I help you?\" A/N: CLIFFHANGER!!nHAHAHAHA!! The dirham is the Moroccan currency. At the moment thenexchange rate is 8.4 dirhams per 1 US dollar. You do the math for thenrate for a book in the 1940s, when the entire world is in a state ofneconomic despair, and tell me if I'm right. You want translations,nyou let me know, ¿vale?[Chapter 3] Sam frowned Disclaimer: Asnpreviously stated, you recognize it, I probably don't own it. Don'tnsue me. Pretty please. I do, however, own the lovely Maya and hernfamily, as well as Yusuf, whom you'll see later. Capítulon3: El libro Maya smoothed hernquivering hands on her skirt, a bad habit learned from her mother.nShe asked again, \"Can I help you?\" Sam frowned. So muchnfor recognition , he thought. \"I'm sorry, miss, I just thoughtnyou was someone else.\" Maya grinned. \"Hello,nSam.\" Seeing his skeptical look, she giggled. \"You thought Inforgot you, didn't you?\" Giggling. Just HOW old are you again? Sam shrugged. She wasnobviously the same girl he had rescued from the twin threats ofnRick's displeasure at a severely drunken guest and a potentialn\"conversation\" with Captain Renault (because, after all, thencaptain was an equal opportunity employer when it came to women.nWhile Rick almost never had a girl stay over, Sam had once overheardnRenault mention that he might pick up one of Rick's \"flames\" onnthe rebound, drunkenness of the potential victim notwithstanding.) He cleared his throat.n\"Nah, I was just coming by to check up on you, you know, make surenyou hadn't gotten in trouble.\" Maya raised herneyebrows. \"You do this with anyone who faints in the foyer ofnRick's café?\" Sam shrugged again.n\"No, just the ones who come in alone and can't speak English toonwell.\" Maya blushed. \"I mustnhave been some trouble to you, keeping you away from working. Inremembered your piano playing, you know. Not what, exactly, but justnthat it was nice.\" Sam grinned. \"Well,nthanks, miss. That's nice of you.\" \"It's true. Inhaven't heard that music before.\" \"That's a change.nWhat do you listen to, miss?\" It was Maya's turn tonshrug. \"I really don't anymore. I used to listen to the music innmy town, but then we came here and between managing the shop andnexploring I haven't had much time to find music.\" The door to the shopnsuddenly opened, startling them. \"Oh no, I've keptnyou. Don't you have to get back? Was there a book you wanted tonsee?\" Maya realized that the shop was empty, except for her andnSam. Where was her father? Sam looked around. Fornsuch a small room, there was really quite a collection of books. \"Indon't get much time to read, Miss Maya, because Mr. Rick keeps menbusy.\" He thought for a second. \"But do you have any copies ofnthe Bible in English? I remember when I was smaller my daddy used tonread it to me.\" Maya moved out fromnbehind the counter, and walked towards the shelf with all of thenBibles on it. People were so anxious to sell these, but she couldn'tnunderstand why. Wouldn't it be better to keep the word of Hashemnwith you so that you could remember His laws and show respect to Him?nShe indicated the shelf to Sam. \"Which would you like? We've gotnplenty of them.\" Sam picked a dark bluenbook with gold stamped letters on the front: \"King James Bible\".n\"How much?\" \"Hmm. I think fornthis one 3 dirham. Is that all right?\" \"Absolutely, miss.\"nSam pulled some money out of his pocket and gave it to Maya. \"Thanksnvery much. I'll let you go back to your work,\" he said, eyeingnthe book on the counter. Maya blushed. \"Thanknyou for coming by, Sam. It was very kind of you.\" \"It was no problemnfor me, miss. You take care of yourself.\" Sam walked to the door. \"Sam?\" He turned and looked atnMaya. She blushed deeper.n\"You're welcome back here whenever you want.\" \"Thanks, miss. Inmight take you up on that someday.\" \"I'd be glad if youndid. But Sam?\" \"Yeah, miss?\" \"If I see you again,nplease don't call me miss?\" Sam raised hisneyebrows. \"Sure, if you want me to.\" \"I would.\" \"Then I'llnremember. See you around.\" He walked out. Maya grinned hugely.nShe felt like a bit of an unintelligible idiot, stuttering andnblushing like that. But all the same she felt like jumping around,nhowever unseemly that might be. Had she just made a friend? A grownnup friend, not like Yusuf, upon whom she could always count for funnand jokes. And such a considerate friend, too. The door creaked open.nMaya jumped. Had he come back for some odd reason? The man walked in,nand Maya relaxed, realizing it was her father. \"Abba, where did youngo? Is everything all right?\" Zvi took out anhandkerchief from his pocket and wiped his forehead. \"I went tonvisit with your mother for a few minutes. All is well here?\"nNoticing the silly grin on Maya's face, his eyes narrowed slightly.n\"Maya?\" Maya came back aroundnthe counter and hugged her father. \"I'm fine, Abba. I'm doingnmuch better than I have been lately.\" Zvi looked around thenshop. \"So, it has been busy, I see.\" \"Not so much asnusual, I think. It's too hot for people to be walking.\" Zvi nodded. \"So itnis. How does this sound to you, Mayaleh? If nobody comes for anothernhalf hour, you can take the rest of the afternoon to yourself.\" \"Really? Thank you,nAbba.\" Zvi gently tugged onenof Maya's braids. \"Hard workers need to have a little break oncenin a while, is it not so?\" \"I suppose.\" Mayanwent back behind the counter. \"Why don't you have a seat, andnrelax for a little? It's been a busy week.\" \"Such a goodndaughter, who thinks of her old and decrepit parents.\" \"You and Ima aren'tndecrepit or old.\" \"That's true, butnit feels like it in this heat.\" Zvi pulled the other stool fromnbehind the counter and sat, looking out the window and watching thenoccasional person walk by outside. Maya picked up the Hugonand went back to reading, a hint of the smile still on her face. A/N: Things will startnto get interesting soon, I promise! Exams provide much fodder forndrama. I think this rambles a bit, but it can't be helped. There'sna lot of shrugging. And guest appearances in the next chapter uf04anComments, as ever, are deeply appreciated. But please, no flames.nThey make me upset, and then I can't write anything for the peoplenwho actually like this. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The movie Casablanca and any characters that appeared in that movienobviously don't bel"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"The Ugly Truth: The unofficial sequal to Casablanca","Author":"TheBagginses24601","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9756319","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Casablanca: The ugly truth Rick's Café American is back in full business again and is packed with the usual lot; gamblers, Germans, Moroccan and French citizens and refugees. Yes, the refugees still flow through Casablanca as a final stop before they reach Lisbon, then their path to America. Captain Renault sits in the gambling room of the café, and would often take breaks to flirt with the woman at the bar or to have a drink. But often he would take his drinks to the table with him, or the woman, or even both depending on his mood. Sam was playing his piano and singing joyfully to the customers as they clapped and cheered him. An exhausted looking woman wandered into the café with her husband, the couple didn't stop to talk to anybody, or to even have a drink. The woman tensed up when she passed two German officers drinking at the bar, but despite the uncomfortable atmosphere, she walked up to the bartender who gave her a warm smile. \"Hello sir, I'm looking for monsieur Rick. Is he available?\" She kept her voice down so the Germans don't here her. \"No mademoiselle, I'm afraid he's busy right now but you can see Captain Renault, he's over there\" He pointed into the gambling room at the police prefect. \"Do you want a drink?\" \"No thank you\" She quickly walked over to the table where Renault sat. \"Excuse me Captain Renault?\" \"Yes Madame, what do you need?\" Not taking his eyes off his cards. \"We are looking for Monsieur Rick, it's urgent.\" \"I'm afraid he's rather busy right now, he asked not to be disturbed. What is your business with him?\" \"Our business is our own sir, I'm afraid.\" she stammered \"But it's very important we see him as soon as possible.\" Captain Renault sighed and looked at the young woman. \"I'll see to it at once, just let me cash in my chips\" and he led her out of the room. Rick sat at his desk in his office staring into a shot glass, it was damp with whiskey after his last 7 shots, and he filled it to take his 8th, staring at a photograph on his desk. It was a picture of Ilsa and him, while they were in Paris. She was in America with Victor Lazlo now and he wondered how they were doing, not that he cared much for Lazlo. He shook his head \"America\" He said to himself. \"So what, there's better places to live\" and he filled his glass again. There was a knock on the door and Rick quickly hid the photograph in his desk. \"Come in!\" Captain Renault opened the door \"There's a woman here to see you, she says it's urgent.\" He strides over to his desk. \"Be careful with this one Rick\" he winked and walked out of the room. \"He's ready for you mademoiselle\" and shut the door behind him. \"Well sit down\" Said Rick, trying to hide the annoyance in his voice. \"Monsieur Rick\" she said thoughtfully, \"I heard you are a very charitable man, that you help people. My husband and I come from Czech-Slovakia and… well you see we are Jews, and the Germans don't treat us very well there, they discriminate us and even try to kill us. Oh sir please if.. If you could just grant us asylum for a week at least, until we can get to Lisbon.. We'd be very grateful.\" Rick paused and shook his head. \"Do you know how hard it is to get out of here? Why I've been here for years and do you know how dangerous it is to shelter people that the Germans are looking for? I had to do that a week ago, and I nearly lost my saloon and even my life.\" The woman's mood changed from sincerity to mere desperation. \"Oh please sir, just a week. We have nowhere else to go, or else the Germans will take us away.\" \"What makes you think they won't snatch you here?\" \"We.. we don't. But we need to take our chances, please sir.. one week is all we ask.\" \"How old are you and your husband\" \"I'm twenty-four, and he's twenty –two, we aren't ready to die sir.. we just got married\" Rick looked down at his shot glass again, filled it and sighed. \"One week, I'll find you two a room upstairs, don't talk to anybody you don't know\" \"Oh thank you sir, bless you\" she grabbed his hand and kissed it. Rick quickly pulled his hand away and wiped it on his pants. \"Do you understand?\" \"Oh yes sir, completely. What about that policeman?\" \"Captain Renault? He's fine, I'd trust him with my life.\" \"Thank you so much Monsieur Rick, I knew you'd turn around. I will inform my husband.\" Rick watched her leave the room as he sat down at his desk again, he remembered all the trouble that he had to go through having to shelter Victor Lazlo from the Nazis and how much trouble Major Strasser had caused them both. He shook his head and pulled out the photograph of Ilsa. \"Here I go again, it never ends does it?\" He put the picture on the desk and raised his shot glass. \"Here's looking at you kid\" and drank the rest of the night away.[Chapter 2] In the morning the Café was virtually empty, as it was every morning. Rick woke up with his head throbbing sitting at his desk, he squinted as a man opened up the curtains and bright sunlight blasted his hung-over face. \"Mr. Rick there you are, you left the saloon unlocked all night\" It was Sam; he wiped up the spilled liquor off the desk and put the empty bottle in the trash can. \"What's the worst that could happen\" asked Rick holding his aching head. \"This is the third night you've done this, is Mrs. Lund troubling you again?\" Rick looked down at his desk noticing the photograph that he forgot to put away. \"She's better off where she is, Lazlo will take care of her.\" And he walked out of the room Rick was going down the stairs when he saw the Jewish woman from the night before cleaning the bar counter; she looked up at him and smiled warmly. \"Good morning monsieur Rick, we slept well last night. You have a beautiful café.\" \"Thanks\" he sat down at the bar \"How silly of me, I never told you my name. My name is Helga, Helga Hotchsfeld.\" And she offered him a hand. Rick shook it \"You came a long way to get here, when did you leave home?\" \"We left Czechoslovakia for France, we settled in until the Germans invaded them too. We wanted to go to Britain but my husband was certain they would be invaded too, so we decided to go to America and this was our only way. We have come a long way indeed, and so far we have been lucky.\" \"Good morning darling\" Helga looked up at the stairwell and saw a tall young man with glasses come down the stairs, he smiled at both of them, when he got to the bar he kissed her on the lips and smiled at Rick. \"So, you're the one who offered us a bed. We are very grateful sir.\" Rick looked at them trying not to look to distraught despite his hangover. \"Don't mention it\" \"This is August, my husband\" said Helga happily and she hugged him. Rick smiled at them as Sam came down the stairs, he grabbed his coat and hat and walked over to the trio at the counter. \"If that will be all Mr. Blaine, I'd like to go home now.\" Rick waved his hand \"It's alright Sam, take the day off and I'll see you tomorrow.\" \"Thank you Mr. Blaine\" and he quickly left the café. As he walked outside onto the crowded streets on his way home, he was stopped by two German men in uniform. \"You, Negro!\" one of them said stopping him in his tracks. \"Where do you think your going?\" \"It's Jesse Owens, look\" said the other one laughing. \"He looks suspicious don't you think?\" \"Indeed\" said his friend \"He's too fat\" he poked Sam's large seemingly plumb stomach with his pacer stick. \"Off to loot market stalls are we?\" Sam stepped back a little, not sure what to tell them, he put his shaking hand in his pocket. \"I don't know what you want from me sir\" The German who was mocking him laughed \"Of course not, you don't know anything do you Negro?\" He stepped closer too him. Sam was about to make a break for it when Rick walked down the street. \"What's going on here?\" The two looked at him and laughed \"It's Herr Rick from the Café! Is this your negro?\" The other soldier urged his friend to move on \"Come on Hans, let's go.\" Hans nodded his head \"I'll be watching you Negro.\" He poked his belly again and they walked away. \"Are you alright?\" Rick looked back at them and back at Sam \"I'm fine Mr. Blaine, I've been stopped by those men before and I don't know what they want.\" \"Don't worry about it, head along home Sam.\" \"But the Germans might know who you are, remember Major Strasser and that incident at the airport you told me about? If they find out it was you then-\" \"Keep your voice down\" Said Rick quickly. \"Captain Renault has that covered, I'll be fine. I'm heading over to the blue parrot for a bit. I'll see you tomorrow Sam\" \"Have a good day Mr. Blaine\" and Sam hurried along home. Rick watched him walk quickly down the street and he walked inside the blue parrot, little did he know that two suspicious men in trench coats and fedoras were following him. They muttered something too each other and walked away quickly.[Chapter 3] Later that day, Rick and Captain Renault sat at the bar counter of the Cafe Americain talking over old times. Helga and her husband sat at a table close by, also talking to eachother but of more subtle things. She giggled as August appeared to have said something witty and poked her nose. Two suspicious looking men dressed in trenchcoats and fedoras walked into the saloon at sat down at a nearby table. Carl the headwaiter quickly walked over to them to asked them if they wanted a drink, the taller one of the duo quickly waved him away and he rushed over to Rick and Renault. \"Oh Rick, there you are, those two men over there have been in an out for days. Never once have I seen them drink anything, they just sit there and watch people.\" Rick looked puzzled and gave a look of concern to Renault who returned the expression. \"Do you know them?\" \"No sir, but they look rather suspicious\" Rick looked to Renault and he shook his head. \"I don't know\" \"Oh and I forgot to mention, they were asking for you\" \"Me, what do they want? Did they say?\" \"No sir but do be careful\" He quickly gave the two strange men a glance and quickly walked away. \"Well, I better see what they want.\" He put his drink down on the counter Renault did the same. \"I'll go too, i'm just as curious to know who they are\" Rick and Renault strided over to their table and the taller man gave them a quick nod. \"Ah, you must be Herr Rick, my name is Hans Veidt of the police and this is my assistant Rudolph Kranz. Will you two please have a seat?\" \"Certainly\" Rick sat down uncomfortably and Renault mimiced him. \"But I don't drink with customers\" Kranz shook his head, that's alright. All we want to do is ask a few questions. \"Alright\" Rick shifted in his seat. Veidt strained himself and pulled out a piece of paper. \"First of all, you are familiar with the criminal by the name of Ugarte correct?\" \"Yes, he died a couple of weeks ago.\" \"Ja, and you are aware of the letters of transit he had? He brought them here not long ago\" \"Yes, he tried getting me to hold on to them\" \"And obviously you took them, because not long afterward another criminal by the name of Victor Lazlo came here looking for the letters am I correct\" \"Yes, he left with them a week ago and he's in America now\" \"An officer by the name of Major Strasser of the SS arrived here looking for him. Herr Rick I'm going to get right to the point. He is dead and Lazlo escaped and I want to know why.\" \"I thought the Germans knew everything, unless your all braindead, or was that always the case?\" Captain Renault gave him a soft kick under the table and gave the two men an iffy smile. \"He's joking, Monsiuer Rick has a rather broad sense of humor, isn't that right?\" He gave Rick another kick and Rick nodded back. Veidt eyed both of them under the rim of his hat, Kranz was impationtly fiddling with a pencil in his hands. \"I'll have you know, we know more about you then we think Herr Blaine. Are you not exiled from your counry for murder? but thats beside the point.\" Rick shifted in his seat again and failed to notice he was beginning to swet. Veidt noticed this and give a small sinister smirk, a smirk that didn't belong on a face like his. The outlines and wrinkles on his face indicated that he rarely smiled, he had thin eyebrows and dark brown eyes, the wrinkles on his face would make one assume that he is around 50 years old. But for his age he was rather built, he wore a golden ring on his hand indicating he was married. Rick noticed this and wondered why any woman would want to be with a man with such a sinister atmosphere. However from a glance, Veidt would seem like a charming man, but to Rick he offered no charm. \"I don't know what you want-\" said Rick before he was cut off by Kranz \"We're also investigating two Czech fugitives on the run, we have reason to believe that are hiding in Casablanca.\" Rick tried to hide the fact that was shaking. \"If I see them i'll let you know\" \"We know you will Herr Blaine\" said Veidt, his tone indicated that he was almost saying 'Yes Rick, you will tell us or else' \"Well, Herr Kranze and I must be off. We have much to do tonight.\" He slipped on his leather gloves and offered Rick his hand. He hesitated until he shook it. Veidt gave him another unwelcoming smirk that made him cringe, he felt like his dark brown eyes were staring into his soul, like he was trying to find the answers to his questions in Rick's head. \"It was nice talking to you Herr Blaine\" Rick tried to pull away but his grip tightened. \"And Herr Blaine, we are watching you, you know. So be careful, were always watching.\" He let go and looked at Captain Renault. \"If you see anything suspicious Captain, you let us know.\" Captain Renault nodded and the trio strided out of the Cafe. Rick lit a cigarette uneasily and inhaled deeply, looked at Renault and walked away. He was stopped by Helga who had a look of deep concern on her face. \"Monsieur Rick, who was that?\" \"I don't know, but they aren't here for the boos. Whenever those two come in here I want you and your husband to go upstairs understand? Now go and sit with him, he seems anxious She nodded and walked back to August who had a look of worry on his face. Helga put a hand on his and he pressed his forhead against hers as they started to hold hands and close their eyes, suddenly a small tear dripped from Helga's eye but August quickly wiped it away. The couple got up and slowly walk to their upstairs room, arms around eachother. Rick watched them leave and he felt a bit of pity, he understood why Lazlo was so determined to keep fighting the Germans while he was here, for people like Helga and August. Thousands, millions like them, he wanted to help them win. To turn those tears of sadness and fear into tears of joy and cries of freedom. Sam walked over to Rick and put a hand on his shoulder, \"Are you alright\" \"Ya, i'm fine\" \"Some times huh\" Rick paused and look down at his shoes \"Ya, some times\" The streets of Casablanca were empty while Kranz and Veidt walked down the street. Veidt lit a cigarette whilst resting his other hand in his pocket, fiddling with a lugar. \"So, any word from our informants?\" Kranz shook his head \"No sir, they confronted the negro again this morning but he didnt behave suspiciously at all\" \"Did they question him\" \"Nein, but they do tend to get in his face often\" Veidt shook his head. \"Tell them to stop being so upfront and to sit more on the sidelines. meet them at Herr Blaine's cafe tomorrow and have a drink, be casual. Don't raise too much suspicion.\" \"It will be done sir, are you sure it's Herr Blaine who killed Major Strasser?\" \"I don't know, he's a suspect and he must be treated like one, but we'll know\" \"Ja, sir\" Later that night Rick sat in his office again drinking the rest of the night away, Sam playedthe piano and sang as usual, Renault sat at the gambling table trying his luck with both the game and the woman sitting there. But Rick wasn't drinking over an aching heart this time, this time he was worried about his own skin. He took another shot of whiskey and puffed at a cigarette.[Chapter 4] Rick sat at and a table in the cafe with Helga, August and Carl having a drink. It was one of the very few times he decided to drink with a costumer, considering that he was infamous for not doing so. \"So where you you two born?\" Rick asked pouring everyone a drink with a cigarette in his mouth. \"We were born in Prague, August and I grew up togethor.\" She said smiling broadly. \"Yes we did\" Nodded August. \"She was always the smarter one, always studying and helping the family.\" \"and you were a trouble-maker, I remember you threw a boy in the canal once in a fight\" \"Do you remember Anika Dosler? You slapped her for picking fights with you\" \"I guess we're both trouble-makers in our own way\" \"And to the Germans we are terrorists\" \"Enough about the Germans darling, let's drink. It's a happy night isn't it Carl?\" August picked up his glass and looked Helga in the eyes and smiled. He raised his glass to her and she did the same slightly blushing. Rick noticed this and he immidiatly noticed that this interaction that they were having was strikingly familiar to what Him and Ilsa did in Paris. Memories stirred in his complicated mind. \"Here's looking at you kid\" as he raised his glass and drank. He remember Ilsa's distinct smile as he did this. \"If you shouldn't get away, I mean, if, if something should keep us apart, wherever they put you and wherever I'll be, I want you to know...\" then they kissed. That memory, so vididly planted in Rick's head stung him. He was lost in deep thought when August shook him and Rick was back in Casablanca again, Paris only being a memory. \"Are you alright Rick\" \"Ya, i'm fine\" Helga smiled reassuringly \"So yes, since then we've been married and I don't think i'd chose anybody else\" as she held August's arm. Carl smiled and raised his glass. \"Indeed it is, bless you both\" Sam, as usual was playing his piano and started singing. Comin' in on a wing and a prayer Comin' in on a wing and a prayer Though there's one motor gone We can still carry on Comin' in on a wing and a prayer Helga smiled happily at the music and jumped out of her seat. \"Come on August, let's dance!\" She tugged on his arm. \"Oh, i'm not much of a dancer darli-\" \"Nonsense! Come on\" She managed to get him out of the chair and they walked to the middle of the Cafe beside Sam's piano and started dancing happily. Helga laughing and blushing at the same time, along with August, the people clapping and cheering them eventually got up and danced aswell. \"What a beautiful couple, cheers to them\" Said Carl as he raised his class and drank. Rick watched them and suddenly the image of him and Ilsa came into mind again. He had to shake himself to get snapped into reality. He cursed himself under his breath for being so soft. Captain Renault walked over with a seemingly jolly fat looking man with a large grin. \"Ferari is here to see you\" and Renault quickly walked back to his game. Rick nodded \"Ferari, how is life at the blue parrot?\" \"It's going well, I noticed you opened your place up again. How's life at the Americain?\" \"It's alright, we've been getting company\" He jerked his head toward Kranz who was sitting with two other German soldiers, the ones from the other day at a table at the back of the room. Ferari looked over at him at them and looked back at Rick \"I see\" \"And no, Sam isn't for sale.\" \"I wasn't going to bother you about that, i'm here for something different. Funny you mentioned that man over there\" He inched closer. \"A couple of days ago he came inside my cafe with another German, and older one. They questioned me about you. They asked me how long i've known you for, is buisness alright at your cafe, things like that.\" \"I see, do they come often?\" \"Every now and them, I think they are up to something suspicous\" Carl, who was listening in the whole time spoke his piece. \"Yes, they come in here too, they really seem like suspicious people\" Suddenly one of the Gemans at the table stumbled over to Rick's table with a bottle in his hand, he leaned on the table and accidently knocked over Carl's drink. Distraught and no idea what he's doing get's cross. \"Dumkobf ( idiot )\" It took everything in Carl's power not to hit the drunken soldier but he refrained himself and got up \"Watch where your going! I'm sorry Rick, I'll clean up the mess\" and he quickly walked away giving the German a weird look. \"What are you looking at fat man?\" He said slurring his words. He then looked at Rick. \"You, You own the negro man over there.\" He pointed slightly past Sam at an elderly Morrocon couple that walked passed. They seemed to have heard him and gave him an awkward look and walked faster. \"Y-your hiding jews, and we're gonna find them do hear me?\" He said slurring his words. He burped loudly and startled another couple that walked by. Rick was going to open his mouth when August walked over to the table and gave the German a look. \"Excuse me, do we know you?\" The Geman looked up at him and widened his eyes. \"You, your the jew. I've seen you before\" \"I'd suggest you leave at once\" \"Or else what?\" Helga walked over to Carl and gently tugged on his arm. \"Come on darling\" The German smirked at the woman and stumbled closer too her. \"Your his wife? Your pretty good looking\" He grabbed her arm and pulled her closer. \"For a Jew\" He went to kiss her when Helga slapped him. The German went to hit her when August hit him first. He went to strike back when Rick threw his fist full force into the soldier's face, knocking him down onto the floor causing people to nearly trip over him. People started to gather around in anticipation of a fight as Sam stopped playing and tried to peak over the growing croud. Kranz quickly pushed the people aside and helped the German up, grabbing him by the arm and started shouting at him in German. He handed him over to his friend who brought him out of the crowd. Kranz walked over to Rick. \"What are you doing?\" \"I want you and your friends out of my Saloon\" \"Is that so? Who do you think you are? Do you have any idea who your dealing with?\" \"I know exactly who i'm dealing with, and I want you out of my Saloon, I'll get Captain Renault to escort you out\" \"Captain Renault may be your friend, but he is still a Police prefect who answers to the Vichy authorites, who answers to us!\" His voice, after growing louder then went down to a low hiss. \"Your getting involved with the wrong people Herr Rick, we know who you are and you are crossing a very dangerous line. If you want to keep your cafe...\" He paused and lowed his voice more \"Or your life for that matter, I'd highly reccommend you do as I say. Your pride Herr Blaine, will be your downfall.\" He quickly stormed off as Rick and Furari watched him leave. Furari gave him a look of envy, then of worry. \"I'll see you tomorrow Rick\" and he quickly walked out. Rick looked around at the confused crowd. \"There's nothing to see here, go back to what you were doing\" After a brief pause and silence, the crowd dispersed muttering amoungst themselves. Sam started playing again, slightly unsure whether or not it was an appropriate time. \"Are you alright?\" Rick asked the couple. August nodded reassuringly \"We're fine Rick, thank you\" he escorted his stunned wife upstairs. Rick watched them as Carl walked over to Rick and tapped him on the shoulder. \"Is everything alright?\" \"Ya, i'm fine.\" \"I'll stay tonight and watch the cafe if you like\" \"No Carl, it's fine. I'm going home, i'm closing up early tonight. You head home and see your wife. Goodnight\" Later that night he sat alone in his apartment puffing on a cigarette. Thinking about what he had to do to get Lazlo and Ilsa out of Casablanca and what he's doing now. He shook his head and thought \"Look what you got yourself into now\" He took a big drink from a whiskey glass and puffed away on a cigarrete, closed his eyes and went into an uneasy sleep. ","Summary":" Casablanca: The ugly truth Rick's Café American is back in full business again and is packed with t"},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Resume","Author":"toturnagain","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7374593","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: Robbie's limp gets noticed. This changes everything. \"Your left, guv'nor. It's your left side that's limping.\" Private Robbie Turner's side was aching with each uneven step as he was mock-dragged between Mace and Nettle to avoid being pulled over by a higher up. The wound in his side was acting strange – or perhaps he was acting strange. He felt queer suddenly, a feeling apart from the hunger and thirst and exhaustion that was settling in. The two corporals stopped abruptly. \"Fuck me,\" Mace said quietly once they were out of sight of the lieutenant among the chaos of the beach. \"He's actually hurt.\" \"It's just…\" Robbie gasped, catching his breath. \"Just a nick in my side, that's all.\" \"Just a nick if my side,\" Nettle taunted. \"Come on, Turner. You're not getting home to crumpet if a piece of metal gets you first.\" \"You should have spoke up,\" Mace chided. \"All that wine back at the barn a few nights ago. Could have used it as an antiseptic.\" The private groaned in pain and futility. Of course it seemed so obvious now, but he hadn't wanted to appear weak in front of his company. Robbie collected himself and looked up, weighing the reality of what Nettle said. \"No wounded. That's what the captain said, the Navy chap. I can't be wounded.\" Nettle rolled his eyes while Mace gave a hoot. \"You've got two legs and two arms but you're only using half your brain. You look whole, and we'll get you on those boats. Look, there's a medic down there. Let's see what he has to say.\" \"No.\" Robbie said it as firmly as his vocal chords could allow. They were constricting as a lump grew, precluding tears. \"No, they'll mark me wounded and leave me…\" \"No, no,\" Nettle said soothingly. \"The medic chaps, they're all right. No fucking Navy captain'll know. Mace and me,\" -he caught Mace's eye over Robbie's head—\"We'll get you back.\" The doctor on hand – a firm but compassionate man – had seen a lot over the past few days and was reticent to stop seeing patients despite a severe lack of a supplies. He couldn't suppress a gentle tut tut at the pussing wound the private showed. \"That's getting to be badly infected,\" he commented as he washed the area with whiskey. (\"The only alcohol I could find.\") \"Sepsis or tetanus, and hopefully not both.\" He motioned to Mace and Nettle. \"You, grab his feet. You his arms.\" To Robbie he braced simply, \"This will hurt. Here, bite down on this.\" He put a damp rag between Robbie's teeth. \"And I'll pull on three. One, two…\" The sock muffled the private's screams as the doctor expertly pulled out a small sliver of shrapnel from the wounded man's torso. He inspected it briefly. \"I've seen bigger. But the real problem is in the oil and what else comes with it. Tiny, microscopic organisms get into your bloodstream or worse. Here, we'll get you set up with a drip and a transfusion - you're damn lucky, I've got just the two left.\" He cocked his head to the tent entrance. \"You can wait for him out there if you'd like. I won't be needing your assistance now.\" \"I'm off,\" Mace announced the second they were out again. Nettle grabbed him by the lapel and twisted him by the ear. \"Fuck!\" he yelled. \"What the hell do we owe him?\" Nettle lit a cigarette and offered it to Mace, who turned back around and leaned up against a truck that hadn't yet been set aflame. \"Guv'nor walks us across the countryside, keepin' off the main roads, making sure we don't get our heads blown off by the Luftwaffe. You an' me – would've been blown to bits out there in the open. Somehow we get put with a toff-who's-not-a-toff who can walk us through every nook and cranny, avoidin' Jerries and Frogs better'n the rest.\" Mace grunted in reply. \"Besides,\" Nettle said softly. \"I don't want to be the one to break the news to the crumpet.\" \"Oh, come off it. Not really your duty, that.\" Nettle looked over at Mace in disgust. \"You'd watch him die and not let someone back home know? He carries those damn letters with him everywhere. If it were me own girl – \" \"If you had a girl,\" Mace corrected, passing the cigarette back to him. \"Nevertheless, if it were me, I'd want to know someone did the right thing.\" He nodded to himself. \"So we fix him up now and no one's the wiser.\" Mace scoffed. \"If I get left behind because of some private, you're a dead man.\" Nettle inhaled the last of the cigarette. \"Then let's hope he pulls through.\" Robbie felt better and worse after the medical attention. Fear of being left behind, marked as a sick man, filled him with dread. They found a place to sit and Mace went to find someone to pass for food. \"Here's what we do,\" Nettle conspired. \"If you feelin' lightheaded tomorrow, try to hide it til we get on the boats. The boys were saying we might have to stand in the water a bit. Try to lay low til then, save your strength.\" Robbie nodded. He was lying down, his right hand holding his now-bandaged wound and the other his packet of letters. The doctor had warned he'd need further treatment as soon as they hit dry land (\"You're on the verge of a bad septic attack, I'm afraid.\") but that the extra blood and saline, plus a large dose of sulfanilamide, ought to keep him relatively stable until then. \"Once we're on the boat, it don't matter. Sway if you need to, you can even turn grey again. All we do then is call it seasickness, and we wait until Dover.\" Nettle stood over Robbie and looked him in the eye. \"And in two days, probably less, you can stop looking at that damn postcard and look at a real girl again.\" The wait on the beach was agonizing. The weather was fair but the sun offered Robbie no comfort. He was lost in his hazy thoughts, half aware at his raw side and increasing disconnection at the chaos around him. Slowly the day sank into night and he heard Nettle next to him announce, \"Just a few more hours, guv. Then we'll be on our way.\" He hadn't heard Mace in awhile. Had he gone off and left him there? He didn't want to burden either of them, though he'd been trying to justify their actions by recalling how much they'd depending on him back in the field, despite his lower rank. He was only half aware when Nettle pulled his great coat over him and that it was now very dark. It must be almost be June, he thought. They had walked all the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth. Now it must be the twenty-seventh. He had been so determined before, so determined to get back, but now his heavy head made him realize that it'd just prolong the date on his tombstone. Would he even have a tombstone, marking the end of his days? May 27, 1940. It seemed so early, too soon. He had plans. \"May 27th, 1940.\" He hadn't meant to say it outloud. \"That's right.\" Nettles voice was far above him now, though something wet and cool was poured down his throat. \"The boats come today and we're off, private. Off to England.\" Robbie though of the boats he used to row when he taught in Lille. Would they hold everyone? The next few hours passed in a blur. The sun came early, and to his utter disbelief there they were! Boats! Of all sizes, mostly destroyers, hundreds of yards out in the water. \"Stick by me,\" Nettle said in a low voice as they marched into the queue. \"We're not leavin' you behind.\" They waded into the water until it was hip deep. It seemed that thousands of men had appeared from nowhere – from the dunes and the houses all around Dunkirk. \"They won't fit,\" he heard himself saying. \"There's not a chance.\" \"Just you wait now.\" He was almost glad for his wound, for it made passing the time less of a worry and more of a state of mind. He thought about music and how he loved that one piece by Lizst. Would they be banning it? He remembered Grace saying that during the Great War they had banned German composers out of patriotism. Oh Grace. He had completely forgotten about her. He wondered, if he didn't make it, who would know first, Cee or his mother? \"Run, private. You've got to run right now.\" Nettle was digging in his side and dragging him through the sea. Robbie's legs felt like lead and he couldn't fathom swimming that far or ever making it to the destroyer in front of him. \"The crumpet, guv'nor, think of the crumpet. She'll never forgive you if you give out this close to home. Me either, that said.\" Suddenly his heart felt light and he broke into a run, nearly tripping over the debris in the water. Her face appeared before him, dark curls popping out of her nurses' cap, pale face beckoning him. Come back. Come back to me. He passed a man's body in the water, back to the sky and his pale arms spread out around him. That wasn't him, and it wasn't going to be him. Come back, Robbie. I'll wait for you. He couldn't keep her waiting. That thought alone got him to throw his legs over the edge of the gangplank at the ramp. He was vaguely aware of Nettle spotting him – such a good chap, how could he ever thank him? \"Christ, he looks a bit rough.\" Someone was walking Robbie through the ship until they arrived at a room with bright lights. A kindly, round face peered into his and spoke reassuringly, but he couldn't hear the words. Cool, clear water went down this throat, and the Robbie Turner felt nothing more.[Chapter 2] Summary: Nurses tiptoe around some red tape. Cecilia Tallis has a habit of things working out for her. Friday, May 31st, 1940 The Emergency Medical Services hospital in Morden had been hastily constructed out of a former hotel, its walls and windows fortified in the event of a sudden attack. The current battle, however, went on inside. The nurses had worked their 12 hour shifts without reprieve and with very little break. There were no probationers at EMS as it was not a teaching hospital, and only the most skilled and intuitive nurses were offered senior staff positions there. Junior staff competed fiercely to get a spot at EMS, knowing the valuable information they would learn would put them leaps and bounds above the others taking qualifying exams. Nurse MacAllister was nearing the end of her shift. She dreamed of a hot bath and stiff drink, but knew a quick sponge and a cup of cocoa would have to suffice. They were all temporarily living in probationer-style barracks upstairs, to maximize sleep and in case of further emergency. She caught the eye of a friend of hers, Nurse Daniels, and they shared a knowing, grim smile. The day had not been easy; they had already lost many men. Others were likely to go in the night for lack of constant nursing hands. Even the higher-ups were feeling the strain. Their ward sister had nearly extended each shift three hours to make up for the lack of hands, but the hospital matron, Sister Worthington, had reprimanded Sister Carruthers publically, saying that faulty hands created more problems than fewer hands did. The twelve hour shift stayed, and although the high mortality rate lowered morale among the nursing staff, they couldn't help but feel grateful that the formidable matron had not increased their hours. Nurse MacAllister had become senior staff three years ago and had worked at EMS since its creation a few months past. There was nothing she hadn't seen, though it bothered her that the military forces couldn't be bothered to ensure certain injuries were sent to hospitals prepared to deal with them. St Thomas's, for instance, specialized in direct patient care, considering their glut of probationers with few medical skills and eager hands. Her rounds almost over, she stopped at the bed of a private whose color had left him. He had been hooked up to intravenous fluid, but no blood, and she paused to read his chart while taking his vitals. In the bed next to him, she noticed the glassy stare from the bed's occupant and returned her own sorrowful version of another loss. The men in this row had infected wounds – tetanus, septicemia, severe blood loss – and for most of them the fight was as arbitrary as the wound. The private's blood pressure was not low enough to be considered shock, but low enough to account for his tepid temperature and clammy skin. Severe sepsis, she read on the diagnosis, noting that he had received treatment on the beach at Dunkirk, upon the ship, and at arrival in Dover. Lucky chap – it was likely the reason he lived still. He had been given sulfa, the only recourse they had against septic wounds, but this did not guarantee their prognosis would be reversed. If they had the hands to nurse him through the night for a few days, then maybe his and a few more lives might be spared, but Nurse MacAllister knew than to hold out such hope. She glanced at the name quickly before closing the chart to deal with the corpse next to him. She pulled the sheet over the dead man and called a junior staff nurse to transfer the body to a gurney so they could take it to the morgue. But she mulled on the familiarity of the name. Turner. Where had she heard that? She glanced at the clock and noted she had two hours till her shift ended. Robert Turner. Nurse MacAllister had a long list of things to do next, but her curiosity was getting the better of her. She picked up the identity papers that had arrived just that morning and peaked through the man's history. Several words popped out at her as she read. The man was a felon released from Wandsworth into the Army. He had a mother who lived in Surrey. The gears in Nurse MacAllister's head began to turn swiftly and she marched over to where her friend was bandaging a wound with a junior nurse. \"A word with you when you have a minute, Nurse Daniels.\" \"Certainly.\" Nurse Daniels gave the junior nurse she was working with a warm smile that encouraged her to continue on her own and rose to follow Nurse MacAllister. \"In the hallway, just for a moment.\" Once out of site of the rest of the staff, Nurse MacAllister did not waste a minute. \"Who was that friend of yours you met at training in Liverpool, the one in love with the convicted man?\" \"Cecilia Tallis. She works at the maternity home on Weir Road,\" Nurse Daniels replied brightly, though her brow furrowed. \"Why do you ask?\" \"What was the man's name? Roger, wasn't it? Rodney?\" \"No,\" she shook her head, the blond tendrils of her hair escaping their cape. \"His name is Robbie. Robbie Turner. Really, Catherine, why do you…\" Nurse Daniels caught Nurse MacAllister's intense gaze and immediately connected why such information might be pertinent. \"You're joking.\" \"No, I think he's here. He's got a bad infection.\" \"Oh God. You're sure it's him?\" \"Come and see.\" The two women briskly strode back into the room and stopped before the bed where Private Turner sweated and slept. Nurse Daniels glanced through the papers and nodded. \"It's him all right.\" She cocked an introspective eyebrow towards the bed. \"He's not bad looking. I can see why she'd think him innocent.\" She looked to her friend. \"What do we do?\" Nurse MacAllister sighed wearily and crossed her arms, lifting her hand to her mouth to nervously chew on her fingernails. \"Nurse MacAllister, I hardly need to remind you of hygiene,\" barked Sister Carruthers on her way past, her voice strained and peeved at having been reprimanded earlier in front of the staff. The pair at Private Turner's bed caught a few more eyes of the senior staff. \"What's this?\" another asked, coming up behind them. Nurse Daniels looked around her and quickly told the tale, her voice low. \"This man – he's the lover of a friend of mine, another nurse. She works down at the maternity home over in Balham.\" \"Not the friend who left her family over him?\" \"The same.\" \"Oh dear, that's horrible. But why are we standing here?\" \"Because I can't figure out what to do,\" Nurse MacAllister said. \"If it were me, I'd want to know immediately.\" \"Me too, \" chimed another voice who had overhead. \"Enough!\" Nurse Daniels said, shushing them. \"We'll get the battle axe's attention,\" she said, nodding to the sister. \"He's not going to make it out of here,\" Nurse MacAllister admitted. \"What he needs is more blood – and there are others who need it more than him…\" \"And constant hydration, if he's receiving sulfa.\" \"Wouldn't hurt to do leg exercises too, to prevent clots and sores.\" A momentary pause, and then Nurse MacAllister spoke up. \"Nurse Daniels, you should go get her.\" \"Cecilia?!\" \"Yes, why not?\" \"She doesn't work here.\" \"She won't be a nurse, silly. She's trained, so if his state changes, she'll know and she'll get one of us. We don't have enough hands to get him through the night otherwise.\" They paused for a moment and thought it through. \"They didn't say a thing about not having visiting hours.\" \"Exactly! So she'll be a visitor. It's getting late and Sister will be off to bed soon anyway. Cecilia can sit all night with him and no one will be the wiser.\" \"Oh, it's like a romance serial in the papers!\" one junior nurse squealed. \"Shh! Listen,\" MacAllister continued, nodding to Nurse Daniels. \"We'll have to act fast before the shift change. You're on with me until nine o'clock, right?\" \"Yes.\" \"Go now and get her – Carruthers just went to check second floor, and that will take an hour. It's quiet around here now, and God-willing it will stay that way until you're back. I know Edith – I mean Nurse Adams – who's on next shift. I can fill her in on what we're scheming about.\" \"What if they find out?\" Nurse Mac Allister bit her lip and thought. \"I think we'll deal with that when they figure it out.\" \"I'll cover your beds!\" A junior nurse assured Nurse Daniels, who looked a little alarm to be breaking rank. \"Thank you! I'll be quick. It's only 15 minutes to Balham on the Tube. I'll be back within the hour.\" \"You think she'll come?\" \"Who, Cecilia? I think it's quite certain.\" If her life had been a fairy tale, it might go a little like this: in a squalid flat in Balham lived a twenty-eight year-old nurse. In a previous life, she'd been something of an heiress and lived in a large house with too many rooms. She fancied herself an intellectual and those around her saw her as proud, acerbic, and perhaps a little cold. If you looked closely, though, you could see chinks in her armor. Around her family, particularly her siblings, she was warm and maternal. She longed for a happy family life, but with an absent father and a distant mother, this was not possible. Luckily, she fell in love and understood what she was really meant to do. Her love was returned by a handsome friend she had known so long. But just as quickly as they had announced their fealty, they were betrayed by the jealous little sister she'd spent so many years nurturing. They took him away and she left the strange family she'd been born into and shed the well-off life she knew. It was not quite a fairy tale, but at least it was true. And truth was important to our twenty-eight year-old nurse. Her lodgings were presently modest, but that was because Cecilia Tallis had plans for the future, plans that were expensive, and she tucked away most of her paycheck when she could. Living in Balham was made bearable by friends who often invited her out and the letters that had came in so regularly from an overeducated private stuck in northern France. She kept the stack of them on a little shelf along with a few other mementos to remind her why she worked so hard. There was the graduation photo of Robbie that had come just a few weeks after his arrest, and Grace had been too upset to display the photo of Robbie at his very best – the collegiate robes had been recently exchanged for prisoner's garb, and the juxtaposition had been too much for poor Grace. So Cecilia had taken the photo and displayed in next to her bed that whole long summer of 1935, when there was still hope of winning his case. Its presence vexed Emily, who once charged into Cecilia's room in an motherly attempt to lecture her about her life choices. Cecilia was prepared of a summer of this sort of thing, but when Emily started in how her support of Robbie was an embarrassment to her family, something inside her snapped. The next day, the graduation photo was one of a few things that was packed when she left the house to move in with Grace at the bungalow. She had taken so few things that Briony had come down with a full suitcase. She had called for her sister at the gate, her young face worried that Cecilia had not thought of the necessities. Neither Cecilia or Grace could face the girl and Briony had left the suitcase there. Later Cecilia brought it inside and set it in the attic, never opening it. Grace sold the contents some years later, and they were able to send Robbie a heavily-sanctioned Christmas present the second year he was in prison. That was the last time Cecilia saw her sister. Briony was shipped off to Roedean soon after, and her statements at Robbie's trial were read without her present. Things would be different, Cecilia thought, if the little liar had been made to witness at court. Briony surely would have cracked under the pressure. It was the photo of the cast of Othello, with Robbie in front hamming it up, that truly haunted her. It panged her to think she hadn't seen even the play even though he'd invited her. That was back when she hadn't understood why he could infuriate her so easily. The fury was misdirected – it wasn't his place in life that prevented her from loving him, it had been her own. She had tried to explain to a friend why the cast photo was so motivating, but quickly realized it was an expression better left unsaid. Then there were the books. Just three had came with her this time. The others were boxed up at Grace's. A Shropshire Lad, a book of poetry that was Robbie's favorite, sat as it always did. She had copied out the entirety to him in her letters while he was imprisoned. A book of Yeats poetry sat next to it, because the melancholy suited her these days. And then there was his early edition of Pride and Prejudice, which she had read countless times as a sort of balm. Grace had even teased her about it. \"Suppose Darcy and Lizzy don't end up together this time you read it through?\" \"That's the wonderful thing,\" Cecilia had retorted, tucking the book safely away. \"They always do.\" If only the same could be said of Robbie and Cee. When Robbie was released from the Army, she was going to present her savings as a way to pay through medical school, or at least start. The thought of it normally gave her pleasure, but that overcast night on May 31st, she couldn't help but to worry about the man who held her heart. She currently worked at a maternity ward right in Balham. Earlier that day, a fellow nurse had come in with the news from a friend who worked elsewhere. It seemed everyone knew someone at and EMS or at a triage unit. Evacuees from France had begun arriving from the war front. That nurse had worked fifteen hours straight, slept for four hours, and worked another twelve, with no end in sight. Maternity could be grueling and occasionally tragic, but mostly Cecilia and her fellow nurses dealt chiefly with new life. A hush fell over them as they worked. \"So the retreat's begun?\" another nurse had asked as they folded sheets. Being a maternity ward, they would not receive any evacuees. \"Likely it's been done for some time,\" Cecilia replied tersely, snapping a pillowcase into folds. She sometimes regretted being separated from her family, especially her father, whose work it would have been useful to track Robbie during his time enlisted. She had not been fooled by the wireless reports that morale was high among the troops and that the \"strategic withdrawal\" was for, well, strategic reasons. Her heart quaked at the thought of his being dead and already gone from her. She didn't like to dwell there for too long, but the nature of her work forced her to acknowledge the possibility. She had completed her shift that night and trudged home to a lonely flat and a simple meal of bits of corned beef in béchamel sauce on toast. Grace had taught her to cook more advanced dishes to the point that Cecilia was rather a good cook, but she had just the one gas burner for a stove, and starting the fireplace was more work and more heat than she could bear to deal with. A cup of a tea was her sole comfort as she fingered the spine of the book of Housman poems that Robbie had so loved. She traced the teacup stain on the cover, imagining the lips that eventually met that cup and ruing the fact that she could hardly remember the feel of his lips upon her neck. She read to drown out the wireless of her landlady downstairs, to no avail. She was tempted to buy a phonograph for her records – if only she hadn't left hers at Surrey! – but knew that her money was better spent accruing interest for her future. There it was again, the uncertainty of him. At least in prison the days were numbered. War dragged on and showed no sign of slowing. Cecilia thought about being nearly thirty and still unmarried, still unattached to the man she loved, and she hated it. She tried to focus on the words and read again: Their shoulders held the sky suspended; They stood, and earth's foundations stay; What God abandoned, these defended… …but lost it there and couldn't. Suddenly, she heard the cracking voice of her landlady, and sighing, she knew it could mean one thing… \"Tallis! Door!\" Marching down the stairs, ready for a confrontation about how many visitors a woman her age should entertain, Cecilia descended the staircase and peered down to the landing. \"Susan! How good to see you!\" she cried, crossing the threshold and embracing her friend. \"I trust your parents are well?\" Cecilia had spent Christmas with the Daniels family for the past two years, and liked them immensely. \"Quite well. They ask about you constantly.\" Susan's eyes shifted from the glaring landlady to her oblivious friend. \"Cee, is there somewhere we can talk privately? It's a bit of an urgent matter.\" \"Yes, of course,\" she replied and they went up to Cecilia's flat. Cecilia shut the door, Susan didn't waste a moment. \"You need to come to my hospital. I was transferred to the EMS.\" \"Oh?\" Cecilia's voice was not unsurprised as she walked into her small kitchen. \"Are you short nurses? I thought you were contacted by the ward sister if they needed you. Would you like some tea, Susan? You look a little peaked.\" \"No, there's not time. We've got to get back before my shift ends.\" Susan wrung her hands trying to convey what was going on without unnecessarily upsetting her friend. Cecilia poked her head from around the kitchen door, fixing the kettle on the burner as she spoke. \"You left during your shift? Susan, whatever were you thinking?\" Susan Daniels made sure Cecilia held her gaze when she spoke next. \"Cee, we've received soldiers from the retreat in France.\" Cecilia's face became impassive, but she turned off the burner and came back into the room and clasped her hands together as if to pray and she held them up to her mouth. From behind them came a lone syllable: \"Oh.\" \"Cee, he's there,\" she whispered. Cecilia's eyes widened as her knees buckled, and Susan rushed over to lead her into a chair. Cecilia's hands shook and she didn't respond, but grasped the chair as if to anchor herself. \"He's not…\" Susan stopped abruptly, thinking of the words she ought to use. \"He's ill, of course, or else he wouldn't be there. And it's not that we're terribly short nurses, but…but he'd do loads better if someone could attend to him personally. The matron hasn't said a thing about not allowing visitors, so we figured you'd be our first.\" Cecilia stared at some point on the wall, unblinking. She seemed to be regulating her breathing. Susan gave a hoarse laugh. \"I won't lie – I've told your story so many times it's like legend. People can't seem to believe that we've got this chance to reunite two lovers.\" She gently took Cecilia by the shoulders. \"They're waiting for us to come back. We need to hurry. Shift changes in thirty minutes and my friend thinks she can talk the next crew into covering for us. We'll try to keep you there the night.\" \"Susan, I need you to tell me,\" Cecilia said evenly. \"How bad of shape is he in?\" Susan paused and pursed her lips. \"It's a severe case of septicemia, but he's not in shock.\" Cecilia nodded and took this in, which was not quite the effect Susan was expecting. She decided to go on. \"We were unsure if he'd make it through the night, you know, if we couldn't monitor his status and make sure everything was just so. So Catherine – I mean, my friend Nurse MaAllister – she thought that if we fetched you, you could keep an eye on him and get us if his state changes. Otherwise he might slip away.\" Cecilia rose and strode towards her bedroom. She didn't close the door, but Susan could hear the sound of fabric being discarded and swapped. Cecilia came out wearing a serviceable dress – perhaps the only clean one she had? – and nodded again. \"I'll come,\" she croaked. Susan nodded, in hopes of maintaining the calm Cecilia had worked herself to. \"Good. Let's be quick – we'll be cutting it close.\" They made their way to the door and Cecilia paused at a mirror to check her hair, and to Susan's great surprise, apply a quick layer of lipstick. \"Cee, really? We've got to move!\" Cecilia returned the look of indignation and said in reply, \"Oh, you'd do it too, Susan, if you hadn't seen him in almost two years.\" They caught each other's glares and Cecilia's mouth twitched, then Susan burst out laughing and Cecilia joined her just for a moment, but turned her face away as it crumpled into tears. \"Come now, dear,\" Susan said softly, shaking her by the shoulders again. \"Courage. You'll need your courage for the night. Tears won't heal him.\" Cecilia wiped her nose on a handkerchief and composed herself. \"I can't lose him, Susan. I can't lose him now that he's come back.\" \"Sue, is that you? Took you long enough! Hurry up, it's almost nine!\" \"Sorry!\" Nurse Daniels said, dressing back into uniform. \"The Tube was delayed. We came as fast as we could. Nurse MacAllister, this is Cecilia Tallis.\" They nodded at each other, while Nurse MacAllister brought them up to speed. \" You're lucky you're a nurse – I don't know if I'd pull this off for anyone else. We won't have you get in uniform, of course. They'd have our heads. But we've pulled up a chair for you and you can keep him company. I've informed the next crew – matron's down for the night. Anyway, on to Private Turner! He's resting quite comfortably now. We've got him on a mild dose of morphine and the sulfa, of course.\" Nurse MacAllister said all of this as she swept Cecilia through the maze of beds and supplies. Cecilia hadn't been to an EMS yet, though she was trained to work at one if called. The smell of burnt flesh and oil were still strong in the air, along with the sharp smell of antiseptic. Suddenly they were at a row of beds and Cecilia knew they were close. Nurse MacAllister could feel her reluctance to take another step further and accept the new reality of her life, so introducing the most basic of instructions seemed the best way to start. \"Using sulfa means we need to be dedicated to hydration – we don't want the…\" \"Compound to crystallize in the kidney. Yes, I know,\" Cecilia offered. Her arms were crossed defensively and she looked at the floor, not daring to meet anyone's eyes. \"He's in the bed third from the end here, on the left,\" Nurse MacAllister said softly, as the floor was quiet but for a few low voices talking. She gently pushed Cecilia along towards the bed. \"His pulse and blood pressure are so-so; not great, but not to the point where we ought to worry about that yet quite yet. No bowel movements, hasn't emptied his bladder yet. These would be good things to see, but we have a couple of hours before it becomes an issue. He's also running a fever – about 102 last we checked. Seems to shiver, though, poor dear. His respiratory rate is also low, but also expected at this point in recovery.\" Recovery seemed a rather optimistic word, but it did the trick: Cecilia looked up and nodded to show she was still listening. \"He's right here, love,\" Nurse MacAllister. Cecilia turned toward him and gasped despite herself, her hand flying to her cheek in surprise. His skin was grey and clammy, and his hair was longer than she remembered and unkempt. A beard was forming on his face and made him look years older than he was. The bed covers were pulled up to his chin and someone had placed a washcloth across his forehead. His body, his wonderful body, remained hidden underneath the sheets. Cecilia muffled a sob and sank to the chair next to him, placing a shaking hand on his chest. \"Here, let me check the wound,\" Nurse MacAllister said, gently moving to her side. Cecilia obediently sat up and observed. Being careful not to lose the heat below the blanket, the nurse expertly checked the wound. Cecilia brushed away her tears as she saw the imperfection in his torso. It still seemed rather fresh, though she figured whatever object had made the tear must have been removed a few days ago. \"Is there any information, any at all, about how long he's had this?\" Cecilia asked. \"No, not really. He had some care when he got off the boat in Dover, who thought the shrapnel must have been removed at Dunkirk right on the beach. There was a fair amount of sand on him, they said. It was cleaned there but hasn't started to heal yet. His body has many things to do right now – it will come in time.\" Cecilia nodded, sitting upright for a moment before leaning over on the bed, touching his face lightly and staring intently at the eyes that wouldn't open. \"My shift is over,\" Nurse MacAllister said quietly. \"Nurse Adams –she's at the end of the row over there – can help you if anything changes. Just keep your head down and stay by him right here.\" \"Yes, of course,\" Cecilia replied, her voice thick. \"I can't thank you enough.\" Nurse MacAllister gave a tired smile. \"It's easy to forget all these men are loved by someone. Things like this help me keep my focus.\" She squeezed Cecilia's arm good-naturedly. \"He'll be better, you'll see. I'll see you later.\" The hours drifted on into the night, but for the first few, Cecilia stayed awake and watched him. For years she had nothing but his letters, nothing but the memory of growing up with him in Surrey, nothing but the hour they had together that night in the library. And here he was, clinging to life but closer to her than ever. A pleasant junior nurse came around regularly to check his vitals and move his legs. \"To prevent his blood from clotting,\" she explained to the weary woman observing. \"Oh, I know,\" Cecilia replied. \"If his blood doesn't circulate it could allow the infection to grow more rapidly, as well. I'm glad you have time for this.\" \"Just doing my duty,\" came the cheerful reply. \"I do think he's doing better. He's less grey than he was at the start of my shift. Must be you.\" \"I think it's the saline drip,\" Cecilia replied evenly, though her cheeks colored with pleasure. \"I'm glad to see he's got one.\" \"Oh yes, they're a tremendous help if we fear dehydration.\" Checking his temperature, the young nurse brightened again. \"More good news! He's down to 101. That fever might break tonight, if we're lucky.\" \"Thank heaven,\" Cecilia breathed. Feeling emboldened, she snuck her hand under the covers and found his hand without the IV, and clasped it lightly. The nurse smiled softly, but said nothing to reprimand the rogue visitor. \"I'll be two rows over if you need me. Otherwise I'll see you later on in my shift. You're staying the night?\" \"I hadn't thought it through,\" Cecilia admitted. \"But I might as well.\" \"You don't work tomorrow?\" \"I do, but I doubt I'll be able to sleep if I go home.\" \"Doze if you can,\" she suggested. \"You're no use to him if you're sick from lack of sleep.\" \"Keep up that attitude and you'll be Ward Matron in no time,\" Cecilia replied. The nurse went off with a laugh, leaving Cecilia alone with Robbie once again. His row was a quiet one, with fevered and comatose patients sleeping fitfully, their bodies perspiring as if to show the monumental fight that was going on within. The night went on slowly. Cecilia dozed on and off, woken by the occasional visit from Nurse Carey, to whom Cecilia had taken a great liking. \"Hmm,\" she said at one point. \"What's that?\" Cecilia asked, rousing from the chair where she had curled up in a nap. \"He still hasn't moved his bowels or passed urine,\" Nurse Carey said quietly. \"I would have liked to see that by now.\" Cecilia knew what that meant. Movement in his intestines meant his body was working properly. Urine would show his kidneys were still capable of cleaning out any impurities or bacteria. A lack of movement could mean his organs were shutting down. \"There's still time yet,\" Nurse Carey added quickly. \"But help me move his legs for a moment, and then we'll put him on his side so he doesn't get bedsores.\" They flexed his legs for a few minutes, then bolstered him on his right side, facing Cecilia. He grunted slightly as they settled him in, and coughed weakly. Cecilia froze in anticipation of hearing his voice, but this only excited the nurse. \"A most excellent noise, Private Turner! At least his lungs are doing their work. There! Now he's comfy. We'll keep him there til morning then switch him back.\" Her stomach churned into a pit after that, worry flooding her veins. She clasped his hands again. She hadn't prayed in years and hadn't believed in God for just as long, but tonight she felt the strong urging to appeal to a higher power for this man's life. To have it dashed away from her when all was so close to being well – it ate her up inside. Her eyes became so heavy she drifted off into sleep. She dreamt of sitting in the Wiltshire cottage alone, the sound of the moor around her filling every empty space inside her and house. In her dream, she wandered to every room and looked in every closet. Looking, though she knew she couldn't find what she sought. Her dream bounced around and suddenly she was at the seashore at Roedean. Girls laughed in the background, but Cecilia walked closer towards the water til the waves lapped at her ankles, and then…. \"Who in the world are you?\" Cecilia snapped her head up in surprise, and for a moment did not know where she was. Words formed in her mind but she could not speak. Suddenly the world focused in around her and she was aware of her surroundings: the barest beams of sunlight wafted through the windows and onto the beds of soldiers. Rows and rows of soldiers. The bed across the row from her was empty, and finally she remembered the previous night: Susan's surprise visit, their mad dash across southwest London, and the vigil at Robbie's bedside. Her hands were still wrapped around his free left hand, tucked warmly under the covers. The matron was an older lady who had served throughout the Great War and into this one. Her wards were ran without fuss and with very little deviation from the norm. An unidentified woman in a triage hospital was very, very far from normal. \"Ma'am, I will ask you once more. Who are you?\" Normally the tone and timbre of her voice was enough to diminish even the gruffest of men, but Cecilia's mouth opened and closed but no sound came out. Alarmed that she might have an additional patient on her hands, the matron's voice changed and she tried again. \"Ma'am, are you well?\" \"Only tired,\" Cecilia finally breathed. \"Did he pass urine?\" \"Pardon me?\" It was not the response Sister expected. Cecilia gestured to Robbie. \"Nurse was worried his infection was shutting down his kidneys. That was around midnight. What time is it now?\" \"It's six o'clock. Ma'am…\" \"Oh God. I have to be at Balham by eight.\" The ward matron was nearly overcome with shock. \"Ma'am?!\" \"Two ounces around four in the morning, Cecilia!\" rang out the tired but still-cheerful voice of Nurse Carey from behind the matron. A few heads stirred from her outburst. \"Fever was steady at 101. He might be on the mend.\" \"Nurse Carey, what in the…\" \"Good morning, Sister! I am to report that Nurse MacAllister can explain our visitor, and she will be in at six thirty.\" \"Nurse Carey. A question.\" The nurse stood in front of the matron, calm and collected. \"When are visitors permited?\" \"During visiting hours.\" \"And visiting hours are?\" \"Neither posted anywhere within this EMS nor directly forbidden per the rulebook provided by your senior staff.\" Sister's mouth dropped in surprise and Nurse Carey continued. \"This is Miss Tallis, a close friend of Private Turner. An off –duty nurse alerted her to his presence her and she came last night. Since Miss Tallis herself is a nurse and works today, we thought it best if she fit in her visit throughout the night.\" \"Nurse Carey…\" \"Only following the orders given to me by my superiors, Sister. Nurse MacAllister will be in at six thirty. If you'll excuse me, I have bedpans to clean.\" The sister stood for a minute, mouth agape, until she turned to the woman and the patient. Cecilia had gone back to stroking Robbie's hand and seemed unaware of the commotion about her. The older woman shifted over to his bed. She suspected Cecilia was in shock and knew she had to deal with this situation in a delicate matter. \"Miss Tallis, let's check his vitals before we go to my office for a cup of tea.\" Cecilia nodded, her eyes heavy-lidded but unblinking. The matron check his lungs and heart rate, then his blood pressure. \"Low, but that's to be expected. Nurse Carey seems to be on top of his medicines and saline. He's comfortable for the moment. Here, my dear. Take my arm and let's go have a chat.\" Cecilia slept on a small cot in Sister Carruthers' office until eleven that morning. Convinced of her innocence in a larger plot to upset the peace of the hospital, Sister had phoned Cecilia's own ward matron at the maternity ward to explain her impending absence. Of course Sister Thomas had understood the situation and of course Cecilia ought to take the day to recover from the shock, and did Nurse Tallis want Sister Thomas to phone Robbie's mother to let her know the news? Sister Carruthers got the impression that she was in the presence of a woman well-loved, and while not expected, events of this nature were not at all unheard of. Nurse MacAllister took the blame. Since they were short hands, her punishment was bedpan duty for the day until Sister Carruthers grew impatient with the junior staff and was summoned back to her regular duties by noon. Nurse Daniels admitted her part as well, but since she was allegedly off duty at the time, there was really nothing to reprimand. The injured lists had been making their way throughout London and all morning, worried family members had been lining up outside the EMS's gates. By the time Cecilia got back to Robbie's bedside, a notice had been posted at the entrance of the hospital: Visitors permitted on an individual basis 10am to 4pm daily. At 4pm, Cecilia took her leave, albeit reluctantly. Robbie's fever remained low and he still hadn't woken up, but she was encouraged by the nurses that his condition looked promising. Sister Carruthers had doubled down on protocol since the incident the night previous, so after triple checking that they weren't to be seen, Nurses MacAllister and Daniels gave Cecilia a quick hug in the foyer before she departed. Other visitors milled about the front of the hospital, waving good-bye to loved ones who were well enough to wave back from a hospital window. \"Excuse me,\" she said, stepping around a man her age near the entrance gate. She was already outside when she heard her name. \"Cecilia? Cecilia Tallis?\" She whirled around to identify the voice, and recognized a friend of Robbie's from Cambridge, from the same group of fellows who had abandoned him the minute he stood accused. The man stepped forward to continue the conversation, but stopped when he was met with her furious stare. For a few seconds she held his gaze with a look of contempt, then turned and left without a word. \"What a sourpuss!\" one of his companions exclaimed. \"Who in the world was that?\" \"It's a long story,\" the man replied. \"But it starts with the fellow who was the top of my class at Cambridge…\"[Chapter 3] Summary: Leon is on the receiving end of gossip. Cecilia see things clearly for the first time. Saturday, June 1st, 1940 \"Leon, is that you?\" It was almost eight o'clock that evening, and Leon Tallis had been working late that Saturday. He had barely gotten through the doorway when he heard his beloved wife's voice ring out. There was an edge to it that he'd learned to identify in his four years of marriage, and it worried him. \"Yes, dearest, it's me. Are you well?\" The shape of his wife waddled out from their drawing room. At eight months pregnant, Mary Tallis was nearly bedridden and often tired. Leon's marriage to Mary had been a quick and quiet affair the spring of 1936. Briony had been a bridesmaid, and the first Tallis grandchild, a girl named Evelyn, was born just a year later. Mary's first pregnancy had been difficult, and the second one hadn't been any easier. Their little girl had been whisked away to Mary's parents weeks ago under threat of invasion, while her mother chose to stay in London, close to her doctor and husband. The chief worry of the Tallis household lately had been the health and safety of mother and baby. Leon had been working extra hours in anticipation of the baby's upcoming birth, and his escorting Mary up to Glasgow to remain with her parents throughout the war. \"You shouldn't be up!\" Leon scolded. \"You'll have false labor again.\" \"Then come sit with me. I've something to tell you.\" \"Something's the matter. Is it Emily?\" \"No, it's not your mother. Come to the table and I'll have Rose bring your dinner.\" His arm around her for support, he led her to the dining room where the young maid had placed a plate of roast beef with boiled potatoes. He sat her down in a chaise lounge, where she often sat these days while he ate his dinner, and took his own place at the table. \"You ordered an excellent one,\" he complimented as he dug in. Confident that the news she had for him was not dire, but aware she had ordered the cook to make something he loved, he ate a few minutes before he asked. \"Now. What's so urgent?\" Mary adjusted herself to sit up. Her feet were elevated and she closed her eyes from the effort. Previously she had been an actress, and she had welcomed the switch from the exciting life of the theater to one more maternal, not anticipating that her body might protest the change. Nevertheless, her circle of friends remained wide and she remained well-connected with the outside world. She waited for him to finish swallowing before she began. \"I'm wondering if you've heard from your sister today.\" Leon continued eating. \"Briony?\" \"No. Cecilia.\" At this, Leon put down his fork and knife and stared at his wife. She continued. \"I've had two visitors and three phones calls in the past four hours, all with the same news. Apparently Harold Blume saw her at an EMS in Morden today.\" Leon's face darkened. \"Harold Blume is…\" \"He's at the Ministry of Pensions. Hangs around the with rowing crowd still. He was in the same college as that Turner fellow, at Cambridge.\" \"Yes, I think I remember now.\" Leon twisted his napkin around his fist and nervously dabbed his mouth. His appetite was gone. \"Well, it should make sense. Cecilia is a nurse, you know – perhaps she works there.\" \"She was in civilian clothes, he said, and when he called her name, she stared him down.\" When Leon didn't respond to this she continued. \"He was there visiting his brother, who just arrived from the evacuation from France and was injured. He told Harry also heard about a woman who had come to the EMS earlier that night, because a nurse had recognized her fiancé who'd been wounded at Dunkirk. Said the nurses wouldn't stop talking about how romantic it all was, and that he didn't put two and two together til he saw her.\" At the sound of Dunkirk, Leon's face paled and he looked towards his wife. \"Robbie's been injured.\" \"From what I hear.\" \"And Cee's been to see him.\" \"That's what everyone's saying.\" Leon got up and paced around the room. Mary watched him, pitying her poor husband. His family was complicated enough as it was, but the mention of Cecilia could keep Leon up for nights. Cecilia turning up was another matter entirely. He looked the window, staring at nothing in particular but ran his hands through his hair, debating with himself. \"At what hospital was it?\" \"An Emergency Medical Service in Morden,\" she repeated. \"I need to go there.\" \"Leon…\" \"This needs to stop. She needs to know and…\" \"Leon…\" \"And we can't just let her suffer alone. She needs to know we care.\" \"Leon…\" \"What good is a family if they won't support you?\" Mary grabbed a hold of his wrist as he paced around her and pulled him to her. \"What if it's like last time? She might not want to talk to you.\" \"I have to at least try.\" Mary stroked his hair as she squeezed him tight. \"I know. And you're a good man for trying.\" \"I don't suppose I can go tonight,\" he said, his words muffled into the fabric of her blouse. \"Louisa said visiting hours end at four in the afternoon. You might go tomorrow and see if you intercept her.\" \"Suppose she works?\" \"I wouldn't know, Leon.\" \"But I must try,\" he repeated. \"It might be your best chance,\" she admitted. \"And you wouldn't mind? I don't want something to upset you, so close to baby coming.\" \"It'd be a joy for you to reunite with her. I know you miss her so. Then our children would know their aunt.\" He cupped her cheek, smiling indulgently. \"That's sweet of you, dearest. I mean with everything else. It's not just Cecilia back in our lives, but the mess with Robbie and dealing with my parents. You know how nasty Emily still gets about it.\" \"I married you,\" she began, smoothing his hair, \"For better or for worse. And it seems in order for things to be better they might be worse for a little while. That's not so bad, is it? \"I suppose not.\" He sat up and kissed her soundly, his hand falling on her belly. \"I was lucky to marry you, my lovely wife.\" She smiled and cupped his chin. \"I only knew you'd get sweeter with age.\" Leon paced outside the hospital. It was nearing six o'clock and he was worried the gossipers had been wrong and it hadn't been Cecilia at all. The front doors had been locked and closed for some time, so there was no way to check if Robbie was still admitted. He'd already had to explain his predicament to a policeman who'd been sent to ensure Leon wasn't a threat to himself or the hospital. He had tried to sit and wait, but he found that sitting still was further agony. Dejected, he left the hospital courtyard and made his way towards his automobile. He had just unlocked the door when he saw a head of familiar hair among the throng of people walking along the sidewalk. He followed the head bobbing throughout the crowd when he saw her face – her distinctive face with its angles and fine nose. He slammed the door shut and edged his way along the busy sidewalk. He had a sense of déjà vu as he grabbed her elbow and called out her name. She whirled around and froze for a moment. Despite her neatly arranged hair and clean dress, Leon had the sense all was an afterthought today. Her eyes showed her exhaustion. She regained her composure and turned away from him, saying softly, \"No.\" \"Cecilia, please.\" She began to run and he was not about to lose her again. He yanked her arm again and jerked her to him, cornering her against a shop wall. He heard the gasps around him and met her furious stare. \"Leon, no.\" \"Please just listen to me.\" \"I said no. \" \"Some get the police!\" A bystander cried. Leon felt a hand on his shoulder, and he swatted it away though he could feel the mood of the crowd grow uneasy. \"No, thank you. It's just my brother,\" Cecilia said loudly. To Leon she lowered her voice. \"I'm not speaking to you.\" \"Please just listen to me, Cecilia. I was an idiot. Please, let me apologize properly.\" She turned her head away and stared at the wall rather than meet his eyes. \"At least tell me if he's doing all right. Please, Cee.\" This got her attention. She turned to face him. \"You know about Robbie.\" \"One of his university chums saw him.\" \"Fucking Blume,\" Cecilia swore, her free hand raised to massage her temple. A hiss rose up from a passerby who put his hands around his companion's ears. \"It's not like you're invisible. Only a dozen people have managed to bother my poor wife about it in the past twenty-four hours.\" \"Yes, it must be difficult to be the subject of so much gossip again. Tell me what it's like, to have everyone despise you?\" Leon sighed and knew she had a point. \"I'm sorry for behaving like a coward. I could have defended him and you and it would have cost me a lot of friends and more. If I knew it'd cost me seeing you, then I'd have done things different.\" She broke from where he'd cornered her and walked briskly towards the hospital. \"And what of Robbie? You grew up with him. On Briony's word, he wasn't to be trusted?\" He followed after her and kept pace. \"I didn't know who to believe at first. By the time I knew the truth it was too late, he was already convicted and parole wasn't even a possibility then.\" He thought this might stop her but it didn't. \"You meant to tell me you knew who did it, and you chose to let him roam about the house, working for our family? For God's sake, Leon, he could have hurt Briony, too!\" The second mention of the missing sister was surprising to Leon. Briony was a complicated person, but that Cecilia hadn't completely written off her well-being was news enough. \"Hurt her? Who are you talking about?\" \"You let Danny Hardman keep working for our family even though you knew was no better than a rapist and went after little girls. Do I have to spell it out for you? I've never heard something so daft in my life.\" \"Oh Cee,\" Leon breathed, finally understanding where her confusion came from. Her anger was misdirected, and he understood he would have to make her see the world as it was. She heard his change of tone and slowed down to look at him. \"I've been trying to tell you. If Robbie hadn't been at dinner that night, it most certainly would have been Danny who received the blame.\" They were at the front gates of the EMS now, but they had slowed to halt as Cecilia stood processing it all. \"I don't understand. Then who…\" \"Let's not talk about it here,\" he said firmly. He had a good reminder in how fast gossip travelled in London in the past day, and he did not need to be accused of slander in public. Paul Marshall would certainly win against a case of hearsay. He glanced at the hospital building then back at her. \"You're here to work?\" \"No, to visit.\" \"Visiting hours are over at four. I've been here since three thirty, waiting for you. I thought you'd be going, not coming.\" \"I have…permission, I guess it is. I'm working the day shift at a maternity hospital this month so I can't make regular hours, but I think I charmed the matron, so I'm allowed from six til nine at night.\" \"Oh,\" was all Leon could say. \"I hoped to talk more.\" She didn't answer, so he pressed on. \"I want to hear about him, Cee, and apologize for everything I didn't do. If he's up for it, that is. But that's your choice. Say the word and I'll leave you both alone if it's what you both want. \" A cloud came over Cecilia's face. \"He wanted me to make amends with you all. In his last letter.\" She took Leon's hand and they walked toward the entrance. \"Wait inside for a bit. I'm going to check on him quickly and if he's all right, maybe we'll find a bite to eat.\" \"If he's not?\" \"I'll come and tell you and then give you my address and we can…we can discuss things later. Unless Briony's passed that on, too.\" \"Passed what on?\" Cecilia sighed loudly as they stepped into the receiving room of the hospital. \"Briony's foiled me by becoming a probationer. She got my address from the nurse's directory and wrote me last month.\" This was obviously news to Leon, who thought about his strange little sister's motives as Cecilia greeted the nurses and went back to see Robbie. The list of messes he was making – with a baby on the way in a month, no less – was growing exponentially. It was too late for a retrial. Leon wasn't sure they had a chance at clearing Robbie's record. He hadn't studied criminal law in some time, but he had friends who did. He could make up to his sister and the man who was as good as brother to him by at least looking into how to undo the damage. He didn't have the energy to consider how he would break this news to his parents. Cecilia strode out to where he waited with a grateful smile on her face and tears in her eyes. Leon jumped to his feet. \"Good news?\" \"He looks good and he's sleeping soundly.\" \"Oh, thank God,\" Leon breathed, thankful she didn't push him away when he pulled her in for an embrace. She squeezed him before she broke it off, and they left the hospital . Cecilia was nearly skipping as they made their way to the street. \"I didn't have the heart to wake him, he was sleeping so peacefully. Which made my choice easier – I am quite hungry.\" She seemed momentarily embarrassed to have let her guard down with her brother so quickly. \"I've been so worried the past few days I haven't had an appetite.\" They entered a small restaurant and sat a table across from each other. He noticed her checking her purse to see how much money she was able to spend. \"Order what you like. I'll pay the bill. It's the least I can do from tearing you away from him tonight.\" She sank back into her chair, her euphoria evaporating when she remembered their earlier conversation. They were silent until they ordered, when Cecilia pulled herself back up to the table. \"You seem to think you know what actually happened that night.\" \"I'm certain I now know what happened.\" \"How long did it take you to realize?\" \"A year and a half.\" This displeased her. Her eyes narrowed and he pressed on before she could attack. \"Listen for a moment. You acted so strange that evening – so strange – that I thought after that there was something foul between the two of you. Remember? You didn't want him to come to dinner that night, not at all, and you were so hysterical afterwards that it made sense that maybe he had threatened you, along with everything else. I couldn't see what was right in front of me. I thought…that he had enchanted you in some way, that it really couldn't be love. That maybe that business in the library,\" he looked away from her for a moment, preserving her privacy, \"was just some business to blame the heat and hormones, so it made…sense, I guess, for Robbie to go and…\" \"Rape our cousin?\" \"You'll have to admit, the timing of these things really wasn't ideal.\" She scoffed, but he pressed on. \"At first I trusted Briony. She doesn't miss a thing, really she doesn't, but she has this tendency to...embellish where she ought not.\" \"I know the cost of that.\" \"I know,\" he said sorrowfully. \"And I'm sorry for my part in it. My version makes little sense without her embellishments, but doesn't hold up without it. And I'm sorry to say it corroborated her version of what happened that day. Emily won't hear a word of it, and I've tried reasoning. She's still convinced you were hypnotized by him, or something like it. \"I'm getting off subject. Months later, I started to hear gossip about him. Girls who had been close to him had disappeared, only to show up years later with a child in tow, or rumor of one. I heard of a few who were committed to asylums. All young, too. He denied it, of course. We all believed him. There were other things, in hindsight.\" Thinking he was talking about Robbie, Cecilia's temper flared. \"Who said that?!\" He seemed not to hear her as he continued his story. \"I never heard from him after that day in June. He wouldn't return my calls, positively avoided me on the street. And we were on the same side of the court room!\" Now Cecilia was looking lost, and her voice was small when she asked. \"But Danny wasn't at the trial. Who are you talking about?\" \"Paul Marshall.\" His smile was forced when she looked up at him in shock. She didn't reply, and he could tell she was processing it in her mind. \"How much do you remember about that night?\" \"Everything.\" \"So you'll remember that Lola came to dinner with marks on her forearms.\" \"From the twins,\" Cecilia said dully, clinging to the story she knew. Leon leaned in closer. \"The twins could not leave marks that noticeable on Lola if they tried. The doctor even wrote it on her medical record – it was about the only evidence against Lola's case. And where was Robbie when, allegedly, the twins beat on Lola?\" \"With me, \" she breathed, her eyes filling with tears. Leon smiled, seemingly as a way to mask the pain of the truth. \"And the twins, as Emily has grudgingly admitted years later, were chatting on the telephone with their father while everyone else readied for dinner. Danny Hardman was with his father.\" The smile stayed on Leon's face, but it was strained. \"Marshall had every excuse in the book not to talk to me afterward, and I accepted them all. I was a fool, Cecilia. I'm so sorry I never realized it until it was too late.\" They were silent for a moment, even as a waitress brought plates of food. Cecilia didn't even seem to see it arrive. \"I am an idiot,\" she whispered. She looked up at him and blinked, tears falling from her eyes again. She was starting to piece it all together. \"I'm an utter idiot. You came to the hospital three years ago to tell me.\" He nodded. \"I would have come sooner, but Grace was unrelenting. She wouldn't give up your address for anything, and she certainly wouldn't hear me about this.\" \"No, she wouldn't,\" Cecilia agreed. Leon offered her a handkerchief and she dabbed her eyes. \"She still refuses to discuss it. Oh God. If I had consented to see you then…it could have changed everything.\" \"Maybe not,\" he said soothingly. \"But it would have been a start.\" She was silent for a moment as she played with the food on her plate. \"If we're to be reconciled, I have my conditions. This business trying to clear his name is a good start, but you'll need to apologize directly to him when he comes around. I can't have everyone pretending they were innocent in all of this.\" \"I need to apologize to him, Cee. I can't tell you how many nights of sleep I've lost over the two of you.\" \"Then I'll let him decide when he's on the mend,\" she answered. \"Good. Thank you. Now,\" he said, looking at his plate. \"I think I can finish this off in no time.\" She nibbled at her food. \"It tastes like sawdust,\" she said, making a face. \"I don't think I'm hungry anymore.\" He reached over and covered her hand with his and squeezed it gently. \"Eat, if only for him. It might be a long recovery, and we can't have you getting ill.\" She nodded and dutifully chewed, tasting nothing but noting that it quelled the churning in her stomach. She mulled over what he had told her and she still couldn't get over it – all these years, Paul Marshall was the one responsible for her and Robbie's mutual agony. \"I think I owe Able Seaman Hardman an apology,\" she finally admitted, scrapping the last bit of shepherd's pie from her plate. \"I heard you'd gone down hard on him. They were awfully nervous when Robbie was released to the Army.\" \"So many years of seeing it all in a particular way,\" Cecilia began, then shaking her head. \"I wanted someone to blame.\" Leon then told her of his plan to try and clear Robbie's record. \"I don't know much about that part of the law, only that we'll need new hard evidence that could clear his name or implicate Marshall. I doubt we could have the charges dropped, five years later.\" \"That reminds me,\" Cecilia said. \"I told you Briony's written me.\" \"Yes, what about?\" Leon wiped his mouth with a napkin and leaned closer to focus in on their conversation. \"She says she wants to change her evidence. That she's beginning to understand the full extent of her actions. I don't know what she means by that, but it seemed she was intent on making amends.\" Leon perked up. \"Well, that certainly is a surprise, and maybe even a help. What did you tell her?\" Cecilia shrugged. \"It was a month ago. I was waiting to hear what Robbie had to say about it. He had just written about feeling guilty that I hadn't spoken to Emily or the Old Man in so long.\" \"That was a generous thought.\" Her eyes were filling with tears again but warm with emotion. \"That's Robbie for you,\" she said again, sniffling through her tears. \"I am so tired of crying. The news could have been so much worse this week. I should be thankful he made it back across the channel, but I can't understand why I keep weeping.\" \"It's a strange kind of happiness, isn't it? After Evelyn was born, everything about her was too beautiful. I couldn't believe I'd help make something so delicate,\" Leon offered, taking her hand again. Cecilia blew her nose delicately into the handkerchief he'd lent her. \"So much about me, so little about you. Grace heard you married.\" \"Yes, that's right. May of 1936. Mary was quite…comforting to me during all the turmoil. It felt good to settle into something stable. Evelyn was born the same time next year.\" \"She's just turned three, then,\" Cecilia surmised. She gave a little laugh. \"A niece! I had no idea.\" \"And another on the way.\" \"You're joking.\" Cecilia looked at her brother with amazement and tenderness. \"My brother Leon, a family man. I can hardly believe it.\" \"I so want you to meet them,\" he said, taking her hand and squeezing. \"Both you and Robbie. Evie always asks why our family is so small and so sad. She knows something's not right.\" \"Smart girl. And Mary?\" Cecilia asked, dabbing her eyes before folding the handkerchief into her purse. \"Mary. The actress, right?\" Leon nodded. \"She seemed to be quite the socialite. Won't she be embarrassed to be around the prodigal sister and felon lover?\" \"She married me during the height of it,\" Leon pointed out. \"I don't think she would mind, though I think she's more worried about this next baby.\" \"When is she due?\" \"Four weeks, likely sooner.\" \"My God!\" Cecilia exclaimed. \"And you're out dining while she's home alone!\" \"She gave her blessing to have me track you down, plus we have a hired girl to stay throughout the night. Normally I'm right there at her side, lest you think I'm some brute of a husband.\" She smiled and checked a small watch that hung from a pocket on her dress. \"7:45.\" \"That's enough time for you to visit him,\" Leon commented. \"Let's get you back. \" That June evening was still bright, thanks to the long days of summer. The green leaves glimmered in a gentle wind, making the neighborhood alight with a special glow that calmed the weary minds of both brother and sister. He left her at the gate. \"Write your address and I'll be in touch with you.\" \"I'm working days right now, but I'll be back to nights next month,\" Cecilia said, writing on a slip of paper she procured from her purse. \"You'll find me here in the evenings til they grow tired of me or Robbie is released.\" \"What happens then?\" \"It won't be for a while,\" she assured him. \"If he's been out cold for almost a full week, they'll surely have him on bedrest for at least one week before they even begin to discuss sending him somewhere to convalesce. Then it's reporting to Aldershot and being at the mercy of an officer.\" \"But no prison?\" \"No prison,\" she repeated. \"That was the deal. Serve in the army and he'd be free once they release him.\" \"What are the odds of that?\" Cecilia shrugged. \"Depends on how well he recovers. They can't promote him because of his felony, but they can't do much with a twenty-eight year old private who's recovering from blood poisoning. \" \"But he should recover?\" She stared past him and exhaled loudly. \"Things are looking good for now. \" Leon pulled out a card and wrote on the back of this. \"This is my business card for the bank. I'm there in the day if you need to get to get in touch with me. Our home address is on the back. You can telephone if you'd like.\" She surveyed the address. \"Regents Park! My my, Leon.\" \"It's no Balham,\" he joked. \"Listen, I've kept you too long. Tell him we're all praying for him, Mary and Evie and me, and I'll stop by soon.\" \"Grace is coming tomorrow,\" she said. \"I'll let you know if she's all right seeing you. She was a little upset by everything when I spoke to her yesterday, but she might be all right if you visit.\" \"Yes, just let me know. Send a telegram to the house.\" He pulled her into an embrace and she returned it, hugging her brother with all the love and pain that five years of separation had kept inside her. \"Love you, sis.\" \"You too,\" she whispered.[Chapter 4] Summary : Robbie has a chat with his night nurse. Early evening, Sunday, June 2nd, 1940 \"Cee?\" His voice was so scratchy and low that at first Cecilia thought she had imagined it when she arrived at his bedside that evening. She had met one of Robbie's nurses and they spoke quietly for a minute about his progress. She sat as close to the edge of the bed as she dared, grateful she was able to take advantage of the darkened room to break a hallowed rule of hospital protocol. The room was a little livelier than the first night she had been here; soldiers caught up on their sleep were beginning to feel restless. It provided a little more privacy for their conversation. She cupped a hand to his whiskery cheek. \"It's me, Robbie,\" she whispered, stroking her thumb against his skin. \"I hear you've had a busy day.\" He let his face sink into her palm for a moment, then opened his eyes to look at her, heavy-lidded from morphine and exhaustion. He had thought he had heard her from time to time, but by the time he found the energy to open his eyes, her voice had disappeared. He would croak out for some water and some pleasant-enough nurse would oblige the first cup, but never the second. He understood why when his stomach bubbled unhappily, the mixture of medicine and an empty stomach causing him to close his eyes and will himself back to sleep to avoid the nausea. He lost track of how many times he heard her and missed her. What a cruel joke this dream was. The room was dark, and he remembered it brighter from before. It must be night. He blinked and in the darkness as her silhouette, pale and pretty, reached over to hold his head as she guided a glass of water to his lips. He drank and thought it only natural that he needn't have asked, that she knew his very needs. \"More.\" \"In a bit, love. I don't want you sick.\" A washcloth appeared from outside his field of vision and wiped his face. He knew he was hot but he couldn't help but shiver. The cloth was a refreshing mix of warm, with the cooling condensation being a soothing after effect. How luxurious this all was. How smooth her skin felt against his rough cheek. She wasn't speaking. He could barely keep his eyes open and he couldn't read her expression. \" Say something,\" he whispered. Her voice was choked with tears. \"You came back.\" She had been holding his hand over the covers, brought it to her mouth and kissed it. \"Oh Robbie, you're back.\" He thought about how wonderful this all was, and how improbable. \"I'm dead.\" She sniffled and stared at him quizzically, shaking her head. \"No, I don't think so. Would you hurt so if you were dead?\" She had a point, so he tried again. \"I'm dreaming.\" \"You've horrid dreams.\" \"I must be dreaming,\" he said, his speech slurred and slow. \"You're here. But you work in a maternity ward. I'm not in a maternity ward, am I?\" She laughed loudly, having forgot the argumentative aspect of Robbie's personality. In her nurse's mind, she made note that he was lucid and logical. Perhaps the worst of the fever was over. Or, worse, perhaps this was just a reprieve that would lull them into a sense of safety. She did not plan to take chances. She decided to indulge his confusion. \"You're at an EMS in Morden, just fifteen minutes from my flat in Balham. I've charmed the ward sister to let me visit outside visiting hours.\" \"What day is it?\" \"It's the second of June, almost nine o'clock in the evening. Sunday.\" She shifted from crouching above him to sitting on the bed with him, though she knew it was prohibited. She still held his hand and stroked it as she spoke. \"A friend of a friend recognized your name when she was taking care of you – can you imagine that?\" She chuckled at the realization of how far their story had spread. \"Apparently, my friends like to tell the story of a girl born to a rich family who becomes a nurse after they exile her lover for a crime he didn't commit.\" It was a comical version of their situation she had conjured long ago, easily told to new audiences and less inclined to lead to further, detailed questions. \"I've had a busy day, too,\" she continued. \"I was here two nights ago when you first arrived and didn't get a wink of sleep all night. Then I had the day off to recover and came back that night, too. You had a rough time then – I think the infection got a little worse before it started to respond to the medicine. Then I worked today over at my hospital, even though I was a useless wreck, and came here to see you. But you'll never guess who I ran into on my way here last night.\" \"Who?\" he breathed, smiling at her proximity and happy conversation. Minutes in her company could cure a thousand shrapnel wounds, he thought. She paused and met his eyes. \"My brother Leon.\" This was news. He took a big breath and thought of a proper response. It was exhausting to talk, but it seemed important to make sure things were all right. \"Did you speak. To him?\" She laughed lightly. \"I almost didn't. But he was so concerned about you I thought I might want to hear what he had to say. He had lots of news, as well.\" She thought of telling him about Paul Marshall but knew it would upset him, and she didn't want to ruin their reunion. \"The biggest of which was that he married four years ago and has a little girl, and another on the way.\" Leon a married man. That sounded right to Robbie. \"That's wonderful.\" \"Isn't it? He married Mary, the actress. I don't remember much about her, but she seems sweet. He said to tell you they're all praying for you and thinking of you.\" \"How nice.\" And it was, to know that she was repairing her relationships with her family. She seemed animated by this news, positively bubbling over with excitement over reuniting with her beloved brother. \"He might stop by tomorrow, but your mother's taking the early train from Surrey to spend a few days with you while I work. If it's all right with you and her, I'll tell him to pop in.\" \"Yes,\" he breathed, closing his eyes and weaving his fingers in with hers, clasping them to his chest. He could still feel his wound, but it was a dull feeling of presence and not pain. He imagined her touch to be a balm that spread throughout his whole body, restoring the tired cells and replenishing his energy. Hospital or no hospital, this was a luxurious feeling. \"I'm wearing you out with all this talking,\" she said, amused by his contentment. \"They'll kick me out for sure.\" He licked his lips and she returned the water cup, wiping up after a trail of liquid missed his mouth. He drank deeply and sighed. \"I could listen to you for years.\" She laughed again- what a sound! \"That sounds like a plan, but only if you talk back.\" He opened his eyes to look at her again, which was a struggle to do. He understood he was going to sleep whether he wanted to or not. \"Yes.\" \"Yes to what, dearest?\" \"To that plan.\" He was dizzy and his eyes watered, but the washcloth came back and she took care of that, too. \"You're still very weak. You came here in rough shape. A couple hours more with that wound and …\" Her voice trailed off, but she needn't finish. He understood. He thought of his mental state at Dunkirk and figured she was right. How stupid he'd been, to fight the corporals about getting treatment. He wasn't about to tell her that. Not right away, at least. The whole ordeal made him feel more exhausted than he thought he could be, and they sat quietly a few minutes more. \"You're going to fall asleep,\" she whispered into his ear. \"And they will make me leave soon.\" \"But you'll be back,\" he stated. \"I will always come back,\" she affirmed, kissing him lightly on the lips. A dangerous gesture. She leaned in closer and rested her forehead against his, continuing to touch his cheek and quivering hands, then kissed him again, deeply. \"I love you, Robbie.\" \"Cecilia,\" he sighed, sleep winning over his other desires. She sat up and watched for a moment the rhythmic rise and fall of his chest, hands still entwined with his. She couldn't help but be clinical, and was thankful he neither rasped nor labored in his breath. Septic wounds could kill fast, as she knew from her work, but she was beginning to gain confidence that Robbie would recovery soon. \"It's nine fifteen, Miss Tallis,\" a voice said gently behind her. Cecilia didn't know how long Sister Carruthers had been standing there observing them, but she swiftly rose from the bed, straightening the sheets around her lover, ready for a reprimand. Sister Carruthers led her to the door, keeping a warm arm around her. Cecilia sniffled as they made their way through the ward. \"He's had a good day,\" the matron said soothingly. \"There's no need for tears.\" Cecilia nodded again, more as a reflex than in agreement. The tears flowed harder. There was more to explain that could be expressed, and she hoped the woman would understand her inability to make herself communicate. \"It's been a long day,\" she croaked helplessly. \"I'm sure,\" said the nurse, patting her arm as she opened the door. \"Until tomorrow, Miss Tallis.\" \"Good-night, sister.\"[Chapter 5] Summary : Leon holds Jack accountable. Briony amends her statement. Monday, June 3rd, 1940 The Ministry of Defense at Whitehall was a somber place full of workers dedicated to the security of the country. Leon could count the number of times he had been to his father's workplace on his hand. Jack Tallis was a man consumed by his work not because he was good at it or that he liked it, though both of those things were true, but that it offered him a way to ignore his personal problems. Leon, who was typically not given to strong emotions, despised the place for that very reason. He sat in his father's office at quarter to seven on Monday morning, knowing that his father came in exactly at seven on the dot. Leon had slept only three hours the previous night, finally dozing off around two and waking at five. He'd had the weekend to round up a solicitor friend and make plans with Mary should she go into premature labor, and had called his superior at the bank to discuss an emergency leave of absence for the remainder of the week. His plan was simple: strongarm his father into helping him clear Robbie's name. The door opened and his father rushed in, followed closely by his secretary, who was already filling him in on the day's activity. They chatted, oblivious to Leon's presence, until he greeted them with, \"Good morning, Jack.\" The secretary yelped and Jack Tallis whirled around, a stern look of warning on his face that quickly turned to concern. \"Why don't you sit down? We've a situation to discuss.\" \"Leon. You ought have called. Is it your mother?\" \"No, it's not about Emily. It's Cecilia.\" Jack froze in place for a moment then turned to his secretary. \"Would you leave us for a moment, dear?\" The mousy woman quickly made her way to the door, which she closed with a thud. \"What about Cecilia?\" Jack asked tersely. \"Robbie Turner's at a hospital in Morden. He's got a septic wound and is in rough shape. Someone saw Cecilia there after a visit, and now word's spreading around town.\" Jack had picked up a folder and was rifling through its contents while Leon spoke, but the weight of his son's words sank in and the folder slipped gently from his hands and onto his desk. \"I spoke to her Friday night.\" Jack paused again. Not looking up, he asked, \"Was she civil?\" \"Surprisingly so, though I think she was in shock. She feels our whole family owes Robbie an apology for not sticking up for him. I think she means you and me, particularly.\" Jack's face was impassive, so Leon continued. \"I'm going to the hospital this afternoon to do just that – plead him for forgiveness, which I have no right to ask for, much less receive. Briony's been in touch with her, too.\" \"Briony? What did that foolish child have in mind contacting Cecilia?\" \"She wants to recant her testimony,\" Leon said. \"I'm going over to St. Thomas's this morning and taking her to a solicitor friend of mine so she can make an official statement.\" Jack sighed deeply. \"It's long overdue.\" Leon paused and looked at his father, eyes narrowing. \"So you knew this whole time?\" \"I…\" Jack began, drumming his fingers and avoiding Leon's gaze. He knew it would be difficult to explain his reasons why he had preferred to disappear into the shadows of Whitehall rather than defend a man who had been as good as a son to him. \"I believed Briony at first, against my better judgment and against what I knew to be true about Robbie. She was persuasive and your mother was… relentless. And with the war drumming up…\" \"Unbelievable.\" Jack looked up sharply at his son. \"Briony gave the evidence, the case was closed, and then his appeal was denied. What was I to do?\" \"You could have called off Emily, for one. You know she didn't let Briony talk about it afterwards.\" \"You've got plenty of ideas for someone who kept quiet,\" his father retorted. \"I didn't realize I'd been wrong until after Evie was born,\" Leon said tersely. \"The evidence, if you could call it that, was slow to come but it mounted over time.\" \"So you know who it was?\" \"Of course. Don't you?\" \"I have a hunch, and it's not Danny Hardman,\" his father replied. The two men were silent for a moment, but for the ringing of telephones and bustling of the Ministry outside Jack's door. \"We can't go after him,\" Jack said after a bit. \"He'll be as a good as family come Saturday.\" Leon had taken advantage of the silence to let his heavy eyes rest. He jerked up sleepily. \"What do you mean?\" \"Paul Marshall marries your cousin Lola this Saturday. We weren't invited, of course. It's a low-key affair.\" Leon gaped, then shook his head. \"Unbelievable.\" \"You hadn't heard?\" \"I'd heard about other girls he'd violated. I assumed Lola was just another notch in the post. I didn't think they'd… marry, honestly? How long has that been going on?\" \"Long enough. Apparently Marshall befriended your aunt Hermione not long after the trial finished, sometime in '36. Offered to do what he could for the family, he felt so bad they'd taken such a turn. Of course, her marriage imploded for good later that year. I think many assumed he was courting the mother, not the daughter.\" Leon stared at his father in disbelief. \"I don't know what to say about any of that.\" Jack shrugged his indifference. \"What could you say? The man's tenacious in court. You're a fool to think it would work.\" He took his chance. \"Getting the case opened up is a start. I suppose we'll have to be tricky to not ruffle Marshall's feathers. I don't think we'd get anywhere if he caught wind of it.\" \"Leon, I don't have time to go around sticking my nose where it doesn't belong. What's done is done.\" \"Briony's all but admitted that she lied. That's most of the evidence from the trial. If what she said is a lie, everything else is circumstantial. It won't hold up. Robbie could be cleared on false grounds, insufficient evidence. No one has to even breathe Paul Marshall's name – he was never a suspect. Jack, I don't care how it happens so long as it does.\" \"So Briony gives a new statement,\" Jack reasoned. \"What happens after that?\" \"You'll need to find a judge who will reopen the case.\" \"Me, eh? What makes you think I'll do that?\" \"Who do you miss more – Cee or Robbie?\" Jack frowned at his only son, annoyed by the convergence of family and deep emotion. It was so much easier to forget he had a daughter and that at one point he cared about another man's son so much he'd given up on his own children. The knowledge that things might be remedied between all parties felt heady but improbable. \"I can't leave my work.\" \"I think England can spare you a few days so your family doesn't completely evaporate. You're not Churchill, for God's sake.\" Jack rose from his seat and strode to a window, gazing out into the dull morning light. \"To open the case we'll need new evidence.\" \"Yes, I know. Any thoughts?\" \"Two, in fact,\" Jack offered. \"But leave that to me. The best Briony can do is clear Robbie's name. That doesn't leave much justice for your cousin, but…\" \"Is she really marrying him?\" Leon asked in disbelief. \"Saturday at 10 a.m.\" Jack nodded. \"So, you're collecting Briony today?\" \"Tomorrow. I've telephoned my friend Bruce to take her new testimony, and that's when he's available. I can make sure the statement's copied and sent to you.\" \"Do. I'll see what I can do on my end to slip this in to court without someone from the paper catching wind of it.\" \"Excellent,\" Leon said, scarcely believing that his father was conspiring willingly. He rose to leave. \"I'll be in touch, then.\" \"Yes, of course.\" Jack turned back to his son. \"You said he's in rough shape - Robbie? \" Leon caught the look in his father's eye and remembered all too well how poorly his father hid his favoritism. He was guilty for dismissing Robbie on the false hope that it would restore Jack's faith in himself – why else reject his offers to find him a ministry position? Leon wanted to strike out on his own. And now, five years after so much bitterness had separated them all, here was Jack, voice quivering as he inquired about the charlady's son. \"A shrapnel wound in his torso got infected. Cee told me it could be worse but blood poisoning can be tricky to cure. He was still drugged and running a fever on Friday, but she seemed optimistic enough then.\" \"And you saw him?\" \"No,\" Leon admitted. \"I had to get home to Mary. I ambushed her in Morden early in the evening – she's got special permission to visit him after hours because she's working days at a maternity home.\" \"And she'll be there this evening?\" \"Yes. Grace was to arrive this morning to be there during normal visiting hours.\" He cocked his head toward his father, trying to decipher what Jack was trying to say. \"Would you like to go over there to see him?\" Jack nodded slowly. \"I think so. Can Mary spare you another night?\" \"Better now than later in the month.\" Jack stared at him quizzically. Leon sighed and explained. \"She's expecting again, you know,\" \"Oh yes,\" Jack nodded, feigning the memory. \"Now I remember.\" \"Good,\" Leon said tentatively. \"Though you'll have to go through Cee first. She's quite protective of him.\" \"Good. That's my good girl,\" Jack echoed back. Leon wondered if it was tears he saw in the corner of his father's eyes. He cleared his throat and blinked towards his son. \"Shall we meet again on Wednesday, around two?\" \"Yes,\" Leon affirmed. \"I should be able to complete what I need to do.\" \"Until then.\" The next day Hospitals were downright peculiar places to have reunions, and Leon felt he was beginning to link the smell of carbolic soap with his various family members. St. Thomas's Hospital was bustling with activity – soldiers were quartered in all corners of the grand flagship of England's medical world, and nurses flew expertly around them. His request to retrieve his sister had been transferred back and forth up the hierarchy of nurses that Leon began to feel quite sheepish he was intruding on so many people's day. \"Yes? What is it you want?\" A stern woman glided up to Leon, her apron dotted with various red and brown stains. Leon tried not to stare at the flecks as he stammered out his request. \"Terribly sorry. I need to collect my sister, who's one of your probationers. Miss Briony Tallis. I hope you won't mind; it's a family emergency.\" The matron's mouth opened in protest, but Leon sealed Briony's fate that morning by continuing. \"And a legal matter, I'm afraid. She's expected at a solicitor's office in half an hour.\" Another flurry of voices went up around him as the young woman was summoned. She appeared and looked no better than Cecilia had the night before – eyes heavy with exhaustion, her dark hair brushed but hastily pulled back into her nurse's cap. She brightened when she saw her brother. \"Leon!\" He was genuinely glad to see her and didn't even mind when she pressed her soiled uniformed self to him in a hug. \"What are you doing here? Is everyone well? What about Mary and the baby? The bank?\" \"It's been a strange week, lil' sis,\" he said wearily. \"I need to borrow you for the morning.\" Briony looked over her shoulder to the ward sister, who nodded her consent. \"I'll be right back. I'll need to change out of my uniform.\" Leon did his best to be out of the way amidst the daily round and tough work of mending bodies. Briony reappeared, out of her uniform but in a simpler dress, accompanied by her nurse's cape. \"Excellent,\" he said when he saw her. \"That will help your credibility.\" Briony's brow furrowed as she tried to surmise his plan. \"My credibility for what?\" He held up his hand to shush her. \"There isn't much time. Robbie Turner is at a hospital here in London. He was injured in the retreat and his wound was badly infected.\" Her mind raced. \"Tetanus? Septicemia? Poison gas?\" She was still the most curious of people he had ever known, and he realized she was turning this into a story even as they spoke. \"A septic wound, I'm afraid. Cecilia's with him.\" This confused Briony further. \"But she works at a maternity ward. The lady at administration said so.\" They were getting off topic and it irked him. \"Briony, I've spoken to her. You said you wanted to change your evidence. I need you to be truthful, as we haven't got much time.\" \"Time for what?\" \"To clear Robbie's name.\" She stopped in her tracks. \"You knew I was lying. That it wasn't Robbie who assaulted Lola.\" He turned back and faced her. She looked mortified. \"Yes.\" \"For how long?!\" she cried. He didn't answer immediately, which did the speaking for him. \"And you could not persuade Emily to let me change my statement? I must have asked five or six times before returning to boarding school that fall. Daddy wouldn't stop her either.\" He held up his hand. \"I didn't realize it til years after. But one name will set this in motion. Tell me right now, Briony, who assaulted our cousin, and we'll work on how to prove it to the judges.\" \"Paul Marshall,\" she blurted, as if it had been on the tip of her tongue for five years. Internally his mind immediately was put at ease. She wasn't lying. \"I wondered if you knew about him. He's marrying Lola this Saturday. Jack wrote me about it.\" He laughed at her naïveté. \"You were going to go? And do what, speak up during the ceremony?\" Her cheeks reddened and she glared at him and he momentarily regretted his mockery. \"Then it's settled. We should be able to get the paperwork in order in the next few days. We need to be quiet about it, though. Marshall's got ears everywhere.\" \"And Cecilia? Does she know what we're up to?\" \"Mostly.\" Her statement had gone over well. At least, she hadn't broken her composure and Leon's friend Bruce, the solicitor, had been a kind man who had followed up with only a few pressing, embarrassing details. A secretary alongside him hadn't stopped taking notes and only occasionally lifted her head to look at her. Leon stood outside the door to ensure that Briony spoke her mind. \"Just a few more questions, Miss Tallis, and we'll send you on your way. You sent this letter to your sister, Miss Cecilia Tallis, a month ago?\" \"That's correct.\" \"You did not think to tell her – or anyone else – any sooner?\" \"My mother dissuaded me from talking about the subject entirely, and Cecilia hasn't been in touch with the family directly since the year of the trial.\" \"No contact whatsoever?\" \"She writes through Robbie's mother. We didn't have her direct address for some time.\" \"And how did you come by it?\" \"Currently we are both nurses in the same hospital system. I was able to inquire with our directory.\" \"How long have you been studying nursing?\" \"A little over nine months.\" \"And your sister?\" \"I imagine she's just finished her four years of training, but I wouldn't know for sure.\" \"Have you worked with or seen her in a professional setting?\" \"No, sir.\" \"And you were not afraid of confronting her, given that possibility?\" The truth of the matter was that Briony hoped daily that her sister would materialize before her, and that a tearful reunion would ensue right there on a floor of St. Thomas's. It hadn't occurred to her to fear the possibility of Cecilia being angry. \"No, it hadn't occurred to me,\" she lied. The secretary nodded gravely behind her fountain pen and notebook. A grandfather clocked chimed noon, breaking the silence of scribbling pens. \"I think that's all we have for you, Miss Tallis. Thank you for coming forward with this information. Best of luck in your studies.\" \"Thank you,\" she replied, swiftly leaving the room. Now the waiting began. Would it be enough to reopen the case? She couldn't know for sure. She stepped out to the waiting area, where Leon dozed. He started and said with a weary smile. \"Between this war, my wife, and that sister of ours, I can't sleep at night. I find myself napping at a moment's notice. Did you finish?\" \"Yes, I've been dismissed. Leon, I'm so sorry this is happening right now. Are you sure we should be doing this, without talking to anyone else yet?\" Leon considered this for a moment, then looked to his youngest sister. Her eyes were large and imploring. Briony had grown up significantly in the past five years, despite Emily's best efforts to keep her youngest to herself. What was more significant was that she had done so largely on her own – Leon shifted his devotion to his new family and Jack spent his days planning the war in Whitehall. \"If we're being frank, it's horrible timing. But you did the right thing in speaking up, Briony. Let's just hope a judge agrees.\" \"Is that what comes next?\" \"I have a friend who does criminal lawyering and owes me a favor – he's going to present the new evidence on behalf of the plaintiff, whose side you were part of. It ought to be a stronger argument than coming from the defendant's side.\" Briony didn't miss a beat. \"But that would mean they need a revised statement from Lola! Lola was the plaintiff; I was just a witness.\" \"Leave that to him. I think we've got it figured out. Shall we stop for a bite to eat before I take you back to the hospital.\" \"Let's make it a long bite,\" she sighed. He caught her wistful tone and was surprised at it. \"Not in a hurry to get back? I thought you liked it there.\" She shook her head. \"I'm just tired, that's all. It was nice to have a day off in the thick of it.\" Leon felt a momentary surge of sympathy for his little sister, whose days were filled with such grueling tasks that fessing up to the biggest lie she had ever told was, in comparison, rather relaxing. He pulled her in for a squeeze. \"I suppose we can stay out just a bit longer…\" Briony offered him a tired smile and returned the hug, happy that at least one member of her family wasn't unspeakably angry with her. It was, in the very least, a start.[Chapter 6] Summary : Jack stirs the pot by bringing in the Quincey twins, who have plenty to say. Briony intercepts something that's not hers. Tuesday afternoon, June 4th, 1940 \"We will now take statements from two new witnesses, Pierrot Quincey and his brother, Jackson Quincey, brothers of the plaintiff.\" It had been a bold move to arrive at his sister-in-law's and collect his nephews. Jack knew he had to be quick and cunning to evade his true reasons for visiting. His wife's sister descended up on the parlor where he waited, wearing a strained smile. There had been tension between the Quinceys and Tallises ever since the ill-fated day in 1935, when the Quincey children under Tallis care had managed to go missing or be assaulted. There had never been much love either between the two sisters, and Hermione bore a particular disdain for Jack. \"Jack, how unexpected. I hate to be blunt, but we're running a tight schedule these days. You know Lola's to marry Mr. Marshall come Saturday. The household's all a mess. I simply don't have time to entertain.\" She gestured to the corner, where a seamstress was putting the finishing touches on Lola's wedding dress. \"No worries,\" Jack replied pleasantly. \"I'm here on Ministry business. I was wondering if you might lend me your boys for the afternoon. They're shooting propaganda materials for rationing and wanted a set of twins and I thought I knew just the pair.\" Hermione had a weakness for fame and Jack knew this hit her in just the right way. It wouldn't matter if the supposed advertisements never saw the light of day – the fact that Hermione could boast about her sons' involvement in Ministry war efforts was a credit enough. The look on Hermione's face was quizzical as she tried to think of a way out of it. \"I do apologize for the timing, but war doesn't stop to check its schedule.\" \"Really Jack, two days before their sister's wedding?\" \"You did just say yell at us to stay upstairs and not get in anyone's way,\" a voice boomed from the staircase. Jackson was as freckled and impish as ever, and his voice had deepened to match his tall frame. A voice trailed from upstairs – Pierrot was around, too. \"They'll be back in time for dinner, no one the wiser and there'll be four fewer feet for you to fret about as you prepare.\" Jack promised, smiling up at his godson. Jackson wiggled his eyebrows mischievously. \"Oh fine,\" Hermione conceded, not wanting a fight, and Jackson shot back upstairs to deliver the news to his twin. They bounded back down minutes later and they followed Jack out to where his ministry vehicle was waiting. Inside, he wasted no time. \"Boys, I'm not above bribery.\" He held up a 10 pound note from his wallet. \"There's one of these for each of you if you do me a rather large favor, and not breathe a word of it to your mother or sister…\" The two freckled faces stared bemusedly at the line of men taking notes in Jack's London study. Their uncle had ushered them in and left immediately, closing the ornate hardwood doors with a gavel-like slam. \"For the record, state your names and ages.\" \"Jackson Cecil Quincey, age thirteen.\" \"Pierrot Roger Quincey, age thirteen and two minutes.\" Several pairs of eyes shot to the red-headed boy to the right. \"I'm older,\" he explained. The questioner ignored his addendum and continued. \"We're here today to discuss the events that took place here the night of 21 June 1935, while the both of you and your sister were being care for by your aunt, Emily Tallis. Do you remember this time?\" Both young men confirmed their memory. \"Your ages at the time?\" \"Eight,\" they said in unison. \"And two minutes,\" Pierrot added. \"Quite right,\" said the chief investigator. \"Now, are we correct in assessing that the both of you witnessed the same events simultaneously? That you were always by one another's side?\" \"We-ell,\" Pierrot said. \"That's mostly true, I suppose.\" \"Mostly?\" \"Jackson finished his bath first that night, and went back to the nursery before me.\" \"And you followed shortly after.\" \"That's correct.\" \"What happened afterwards?\" \"We had dinner, and then we decided to run away,\" Jackson replied. \"Is that correct?\" \"Yes,\" they said together. \"We have the note you left for your family that night. Do you recall what you wrote?\" The twins looked at each other and paused. \"I think so. Pierrot did the writing.\" \"Pierrot, do you remember what you wrote?\" The boy tapped his feet as he searched his brain. \"We were mad about being left at this house. We didn't like the housekeeper, because she didn't like us. But mostly we were made at Lola.\" \"Ahh, excellent. Do you recall what Lola did to make you want to leave?\" \"She said if we told on her, she would make it so no one would ever believe us again.\" Several of the men at the table looked up, including Bruce Roberts, Leon's solicitor friend. \"Believe you about what?\" \"That I found her with Paul Marshall in the nursery.\" The room became very quiet for a moment, until the record keeper spoke up. \"I apologize – I'm having a frightful time keeping up. Which of you said that?\" \"Jackson,\" the two replied. \"Jackson, who finished with his bath and returned to the nursery first that night?\" \"That's right.\" \"And what…why was your sister angry with you?\" \"Because I threatened to tell about the way she was acting with him.\" \"With who?\" \"Paul Marshall,\" Jackson repeated. \"How was she acting?\" While his brother spoke, Pierrot noted that the line of men before him seemed dumbfounded at this new information. \"She was sitting –no, she was pinned to the bed by Mr. Marshall, who had her wrists in his.\" \"Was she speaking?\" \"No, she wasn't.\" \"Was he?\" \"I think so, but I couldn't hear him at the time. He left the moment he saw me.\" \"That's it? For the record, you state that Mr. Marshall had your sister pinned to the bed.\" \"Yes. And his free hand was up her skirt. She was dressed for dinner.\" The silence continued, when finally someone mustered another question. \"Please continue, Mr. Quincey. What happened after Mr. Marshall left the nursery.\" \"Pierrot came back from the bath and Lola started to yell and slap both of us, saying that we ruined everything and if we told a soul, she would dip our hands in warm water at night.\" \"I'm sorry, did I hear your correctly? 'Dip our hands in warm water…'\" Pierrot blushed to the roots of his hair. \"I used to wet the bed when I was younger.\" One of the men spoke up. \"Why target you if your brother was the one who saw her?\" \"She couldn't tell which one of us it was,\" Jackson explained. The chief examiner nodded. \"Please continue. And after that?\" \"We wrote a note and left, right before dinner.\" \"Do you remember at what time you left?\" \"No, sir,\" they both replied. \"The sun had gone down, but it was still a little light, because it was close to Midsummer,\" Pierrot pointed out. \"And where did you go?\" \"Down the path and along the cow pasture for some ways.\" \"Is that where Mr. Turner found the two of you that night?\" \"Right-o,\" said Jackson. \"And do you remember what he said to you?\" \"Well, first he had to wake us up. We'd fallen asleep.\" \"And then?\" \"He took turns carrying us back to the house.\" \"The whole way?\" \"Yessir. Almost a whole kilometer,\" Pierrot said. \"It took a while, sir,\" Jackson added. \"If it wasn't me being carried, I'd stop and cry until we had enough rest to move on. That man had the patience of a saint.\" \"Which man?\" \"Why, Turner, of course! He didn't even yell at us, just egged us on back.\" \"And that's all the both of you remember.\" \"We came back to the house and saw the police vehicles. Got put to bed right after that.\" \"That's it?\" the investigator asked. \"'Fraid so, sir.\" \"Thank you, boys,\" the investigator said. \"That'll be all.\" The record keeper caught the investigator's eye and shrugged, putting his notebook back in his jacket pocket. \"Sounds like your day just got much longer.\" True to his word, Jack arrived back at Clapham Common with his nephews at half past four. He handed them each the promised reward. \"You did a good job today, boys. Now don't breathe a word of these to anyone, at least not until the case opens up again.\" \"Won't they know it was us when that happens?\" \"Maybe, maybe not. Let me deal with the blowback. Now you have a good time this weekend at the wedding…\" Jackson's eyes rolled severely while Pierrot stifled a laugh. \"And remember, don't say a word!\" \"Leon, no.\" Briony wondered where they were headed after they have finished a long lunch at Leon's, entertaining Mary for the better part of two hours. They had driven right past the hospital and continued into south London, until suddenly she realized they were in Balham. Leon had pulled up to the curb of 43 Dudley Vilas – a remarkable feat, as the street in front of the flat where Cecilia lived hadn't widened since the streets had been laid out in the late nineteenth century. \"Briony, it has to happen sometime. Think of how relieved she'll be to hear that you've amended your statement. I wasn't even sure that was possible, and now it's done.\" \"She'll be angry.\" \"Maybe.\" \"Leon, think reasonably, because she certainly won't. We need at least one of us to be in our right mind.\" \"Can you blame her? We've done a terrible slight to both her and Robbie. I tried doing this years ago…\" \"Apologizing?\" \"Yes, and she wouldn't hear of it.\" \"Well, she's apologized to you now. But that was you and this is about me. What in the world makes you think she'd change her mind now?\" \"Vulnerability?\" he offered, as his sister groaned into her seat. \"Come, let's be quick. Just try today. If it doesn't work you can try later. Besides, she might not even be here yet. Her shift ended at four. That way I'll just pay her rent…\" \"What for?\" \"Well, from the looks of things, she could use the help. This is definitely dodgy. Don't nurses usually live together, to save money?\" \"I wouldn't know just yet. Probationers don't have a lot of time to talk to other nurses off duty.\" \"Let's go,\" he said decisively. Within seconds he was halfway up the walkway, leaving Briony to scramble behind him. The sounds and smells of the neighborhood overwhelmed her – the rich smell of wet earth from dozens of gardens being turned over mixed with compost. Someone's wireless barked loudly from an open window, but tellingly there was no chorus of laughter from young children. They'd all been sent away from the city. From inside the ground floor of 43 Dudley Vilas, a woman caught sight of them and came to the door. Leon, dressed for a day at the bank, and Briony, her nurse's cape billowing behind her, made for a less-than usual sight at her front door. Bobbing, she gave a curtsy and asked, \"Can I help you, sir?\" Leon nodded and composed himself. \"Yes, thank you. We're looking for Miss Cecilia Tallis, who we believe lives upstairs. Is she in?\" The woman sighed as she looked them over again. \"You from the bank? She owe you money? I expected no good from that girl.\" Her nerves getting the better of her, Briony stifled a giggle that was silenced by a stern look from Leon. \"She's our sister. We would like to speak with her. Will you please let her know we are here?\" \"She's not in, but I can let you upstairs. I don't keep her schedule. \"She led them in and they followed her up a creaking staircase that Briony felt might give out from under them at any second. The woman pounded on the door of the room upstairs, barking out, \"Tallis! You in? Guests!\" There was no answer. \"She's been a queer one this week. Been in and out all the time, and not even working nights this month. I've half a mind to throw 'er out. She keeps bringing this woman around. Older. Not 'er mother or nothin', but comes and goes as she pleases. They're a pair, I tell you. Well, make yourself at home.\" She unlocked the door and motioned for Leon to go in, Briony following after. She waited until after the door closed to pepper Leon with questions. \"What was that about? An old woman, coming home with her?\" \"That's Grace she's talking about. She's up from Surrey to sit with Robbie. Apparently she stays with Cecilia when she comes to town.\" \"Oh.\" They crept about the small flat, Leon stooping to avoid hitting his head against the sloped ceiling. Briony wandered automatically to where a small, built-in bookcase kept Cecilia's anatomy books and novels. A tin with a one quid note sticking out acted as a bookend on one shelf, and another was filled with photographs of Cecilia with groups of people Briony didn't recognize. This startled her and she turned to her brother. \"I don't know if I should be here.\" \"We shouldn't.\" \"What are you hoping happens? That she comes home and we all talk it out over a cuppa?\" Leon stared at his sister, momentarily aghast that she would be so terse, when a voice bellowed from below. \"Tallises! Door!\" \"I'll get it,\" Briony volunteered, and she went down the stairs, intentionally taking them by twos in order not to tax her weight against its stability. She looked up to find the landlady looking vaguely enraged, and a uniformed man standing meekly at the door, package in hand. The landlady sized the two of them up. \"I'll leave you be,\" she said, moving to the next room, door closing behind her. \"Miss Tallis?\" the man said, removing his cap and bobbing. \"Yes?\" Briony replied, confused. \"I'm afraid I don't have much other news than this, but I wanted to make sure these got back to you.\" He thrust the clumsily wrapped packaged into her hands. \"He kep' 'em safe over there. Got 'im through the toughest parts, I'd say. It does a man good to know he's got someone waitin' for 'im back home.\" Briony unwrapped a side of the package to expose the top of a letter, dirt-stained and well-worn, addressed to Pvt. Robert Turner in her sister's handwriting. \"Oh my,\" Briony breathed. \"These are…these are…\" \"Your love letters, yes!\" The man supplied eagerly. \"I helped get the poor chap on the little boats, which got us to the rescue ships over across the channel. Kep' with 'im til Dover, and then 'e got sent on the train into town. I got nine days leave myself, but figured I owed it to him to get these back to you. He's a proper chap, Turner. Bushwhacked through the Jerries to get us to the coast. You 'eard from him?\" Briony had barely taken her eyes off the parcel in her hand, her mind reeling at what was inside those precious pages. \"What? Oh yes, he's at the hospital recovering. My sister's with him.\" This confused the soldier, but he said nothing. \"Well, when he comes round, let 'im know that Corporal Nettle didn't forget 'im. Can you do that?\" Briony barely managed to make her tongue work in time. \"Of course. I mean…thank you.\" She tried to muster the emotion Cecilia would have at seeing her letters to Robbie again. \"Thank you so much, Corporal Nettle. It's most kind.\" Corporal Nettle bobbed his head again and left down the path, disappearing off into the day. Briony stood at the threshold for what seemed like countless minutes, her mind reeling at her find. \"Close the door! I work hard enough to clean the dust out as it is!\" Awakened from her daydream by her sister's pernicious landlady, Briony stuffed the letters absent-mindedly inside the pocket of her coat and turned toward the staircase, where Leon came bounding down . \"My apologies, ma'am. Looks like we're heading off,\" she said in a daze. \"Thank you ever so kindly for your hospitality.\" She closed the door behind her and followed Leon down the path, feeling like she was floating. \"Who was it?\" Leon asked. \"Who?\" \"At the door just a few minutes ago. You look like you've seen a ghost.\" \"Oh! That.\" Briony's mind reeled for a quick answer. \"Just a friend of hers, asking after Robbie. I lied a little bit – I said he was doing fine. \" She paused and looked toward the sky. \"Oh God, I hope he's doing all right.\" \"That's not up to us right now, sis,\" Leon said hurriedly, opening the car door for her. \"Isn't it?\" she replied thickly. \"Oh Leon, I'm so tired of all this.\" \"It'll be over soon,\" he promised. \"Except that it won't.\" \"Precisely,\" he said, ushering her in and closing the door. \"Now we've got to fly if we're to catch her.\" \"Who?\" \"Cecilia. Her shift schedule was upstairs. She works a few blocks away. If we hurry, we'll get her right at the end and give her a lift down to Morden.\" They sat parked in front of the maternity home. \"Now keep your eyes open for her. I don't want to miss her.\" \"I still don't understand what you plan to do.\" \"That's fine. You don't have to.\" \"But you want me here for it.\" \"I want my sisters to be reconciled,\" Leon said forcefully. \"I am tired of my family being scattered to all four winds.\" The authoritarian air he hoped to instill over his sister silenced her for a moment. \"I suppose I'm the east wind, then,\" Briony mused. \"What?\" \"The east wind brought the plagues to Egypt. Emily's the north wind, obviously. Between Cecilia and Daddy I couldn't guess who makes a better zephyr. And in Sir Conan Doyle's, The Last Bow, Sherlock says to Watson…\" \"Cambridge,\" Leon said wearily. \"What?\" \"You really ought to have gone up at Cambridge. Cee wilted there. You would flourish.\" This comment made Briony feel warm in a way that she hadn't for many months, given fuel to a fire she'd felt since she'd barely passed her entrance examinations for her probationer year. \"Do you really think so?\" \"I can't see how you can concentrate on mending people when you're mind is so full of stories.\" \"It's hard,\" she admitted. A calmer quiet came over the car for a few moments as they sat and waited. \"What time was she going to be done?\" \"Four.\" \"What time is it now?\" \"Quarter after. Do you think we missed her?\" \"No. She's probably changing and scrubbing down for the day. You do that on your own time.\" Several more minutes passed as Leon drummed his thumbs nervously against the steering wheel. Briony was lulled into a near doze when Leon started. \"There she is!\" He got out of the car and ran toward a young woman in a green pea coat, who indeed, stopped in her tracks at the sight of her brother. Tentatively, Briony got out of the car and willed her legs to move towards her brother and sister. Cecilia had turned to leave, but Leon had caught her hand in his and was speaking imploringly. Cecilia looked like she might cry and did not see Briony quietly approach the two of them. \"Cee, please. I know it's been a long day for you…\" \"Leon. All I want is to go home and cry in my bed for the rest of the night.\" Her voice was thick and full of emotion. Her eyes wandered past him and glimpsed Briony. \"Oh God. Leon, no.\" \"You can't ignore each other forever.\" \"I'm not asking forever. I'm asking that we not do this today. \" Cecilia put her head in her hands and gently massaged her temples. \"I'm at my limit, I really am.\" \"Leon, I was just coming to say that I'm going.\" Briony's voice was stilted, and louder than she intended. She saw the bus stop and took her chance. \"I'll take the bus back to the hospital.\" \"Wait, no. Briony!\" He grabbed towards his youngest sister, but she was already marching towards the bench. \"I can't, Leon. I told you,\" she called out over her shoulder. \"It'll take forever to get to London!\" he yelled after her. \"It's all right!\" she yelled back. \"Briony!\" Frazzled and overwhelmed, Briony turned to face her siblings. \"It's as she says, Leon. Not today!\" Twenty minutes later, Leon found himself staring at Cecilia over a cup of tea at a shop not far from the maternity home. She had consented to talk, but since arriving, she had done nothing but stir her tea absent-mindedly. \"Should I be worried about Briony? I told the matron I'd see her back myself.\" Leon was full of a nervous energy, eager to set things straight with his sister but understanding that he might be asking for too much at once. Evenly, she replied, \"It will take her almost two hours, I think, but she'll arrived in one piece, particularly when she realizes she took the bus in the wrong direction.\" Finally, Cecilia took a sip of her tea. \"Cee…\" he began to reprimand. Her cool gaze met his and he dropped the subject. He motioned to her tea. \"That can't be warm.\" \"It's fine,\" she replied, putting it down and looking across at him. \"So. Out with it. What have you been up to.\" \"Tell me how Robbie is,\" he said. \"Oh! Now you're worried!\" \"Cee, please,\" he begged. \"He's had a rough few days. We thought his fever was coming round, but it wasn't. They spent all of yesterday day trying to bring it down. Two nights ago he was lucid. Today…\" It sounded like a hiccup but he knew better. He reached across the table to stroke her arm as she cried into her other hand. \"But he's here,\" she sniffed. \"He's still got a chance.\" \"That's good,\" Leon agreed. \"I'm glad you could take care of him. And Grace, too?\" \"She came by earlier but got a bit overwhelmed. Spent the day in the chapel. I think she went back to my flat.\" \"She wasn't there around three,\" Leon confirmed. \"What?\" \"Oh, we…\" He caught himself in a sheepish situation. \"Briony and I stopped by, hoping to catch you.\" She blinked evenly across the table. \"The old hag let you in?\" He nodded. \"She's atrocious. However did you find that hovel?\" \"Desperation,\" she replied, taking another sip. \"I'm glad you vexed her, really. I've been meaning to look for something new.\" She sighed again and leaned back in her chair. \"I was surprised to see you, I won't lie. And I'm curious as to what went on today. But I have conditions. I'll need you to make a full apology to Robbie when he comes around.\" \"I'm ready to do that. And to you. I should have never doubted you, even though you were wrong about Hardman.\" \"So I've heard. Is that what happened today? Did she really amend her statement?\" \"She did. And the old man brought in the twins.\" This caught her off guard. \"What on earth for?\" \"To make a statement.\" Cee's eyes flashed with an unknown emotion – rage or excitement being the top candidates. \"Oh my.\" \"Yes, it's true. I don't know how Jack talked Hermione into it, but something tells me he didn't tell the whole truth.\" \"My God.\" She fumbled around her purse for something, coming up short. \"Please tell me you have a fag. I'm dying here.\" He obliged and lit her a cigarette, which she inhaled gratefully. \"I can't imagine how Aunt Hermione would feel if she knew. Emily, too.\" \"Don't worry about our mother. Whatever wounds she's dealing with are beyond you and Robbie. I'm afraid she's just chosen to take them out on you.\" Cecilia had no response for him, so he continued on. I sent out a message to some of my friends who practiced criminal law, seeing if they had any time on their hands to do some last-minute defending. One did, as it turns out, and he owes me a favor. So we're petitioning a judge later tomorrow, and hopefully we'll get everything straightened out before the weekend.\" Cecilia's eyes widened as this sunk in. \"You're doing this for Robbie?\" \"Of course. It's the least we could do for… for getting him there in the first place. I don't know how I've lived with myself knowing the horrors he must have seen..\" \"Let's not talk about that right now. Tell me more about today. Why rush to get it done before the weekend?\" Leon was careful to keep his voice calm. \"Lola marries Paul Marshall on Saturday.\" Cecilia sank back in her seat in shock. \"What?\" \"Yes, it's true. It's been in the making for some time.\" \"She'll be immune.\" \"From testifying against him, yes.\" \"We're doomed.\" \"Not yet. We're so close, Cecilia! Don't give up just yet.\" He took her hands into his, but it was no use. She was near tears. \"I've waited, and saved, and waited some more, for five miserable years…\" \"Cee…\" \"Only for everyone to come to their senses too late. \" He had nothing to reply to that. \"Why didn't you do anything?\" she whispered. \"One word of doubt from you could have changed it all.\" \"I know,\" he replied miserably. \"Trust me, now I know. And I'm sorry, Cee, I'm so sorry.\" She wept for a few minutes and he let her, stroking her hand as he held it across the table. \"Things happen when they do for a reason,\" he stated soothingly. \"I just hope it's enough, and not too late. But you know, you're a lot alike, you and Briony. I can't tell you how much this has eaten at her.\" She dabbed her eyes with a handkerchief. \"Don't say that. Don't push me anymore today.\" \"It's true, sis.\" He cupped her chin in his hand and wiped away a stray tear. \"But we'll work on all that later. Now let's get you home. Tomorrow's another long day. And say! I need to have you over sometime soon. I've got important people for you to meet. I can't wait to introduce my newest child to its Aunt Cecilia.\" \"Oh Leon!\" She threw her arms around him and wept. \"Oh, Leon, how happy . That's the only thing I've missed these years.\" \"The only thing?\" he teased, but squeezed her hard in return. \"I missed you, too, Sis-celia. I missed you, too.\"[Chapter 7] A/N: Hi! Was three years too long of a wait? I know, it was. But you should go reread the rest of the story, because I rewrote the entire thing. Does that make up for it? I hope so! Summary: Robbie muses about recovering and the new chapter he's been given in life. Grace and Cecilia catch their breath after a long week. Leon's life gets vastly more complicated. Friday, June 7th, 1940 Recovery was hard work. Everyday there was something new to learn again. Supporting his own weight while sitting up, eating, and relieving himself all took significant amounts of energy that Robbie scarcely felt he had in him. The simple act of drinking a bowl of broth one afternoon had cost him Cecilia's visit that evening – he couldn't stay awake while she sat by his side. This was unfortunate, because soon she would be revoked her special privileges to stay with him in the evening. Now that Robbie was up and on the road to recovery, there was less need of an extra set of eyes to watch him should his condition worsen. On the contrary, Robbie felt (and his doctors agreed) that the worst was behind him. His wound was healing but as the doctors warned, the worst of his injuries had been internal. It might be a long time before the infection in his blood truly died out. Mentally, however, Robbie knew that a chapter had just closed in his life. The worst five years of his life were behind him, and war be damned, nothing but good things could come in the time ahead. He had been in the hospital just one week now. His mother dozed at his side, her own nerves and worries overtaxed for that week. He had never felt so grateful to wake up and see her next to him, her eyes bloodshot and swollen but her face relieved. He had dodged metaphoric and literal bullets to make it back to England, and both mother and son were a little stunned to be together again. There were other reunions that week that were not as peaceful and pleasant as Grace's return to his life. Leon and Jack Tallis had appeared at his bedside Wednesday afternoon. His mother had taken refuge in the chapel, unable to face the men that had done nothing to defend him when he needed them most. Leon had been bashful and sincere in his apologies, his eyes flickering back and forth as he spoke and never quite catching Robbie's gaze. It was guilt preventing Leon from feeling worthy enough to look him in the eyes, and a selfish part of Robbie enjoyed the terrible feeling he knew churned in the pit of Leon's stomach. \"I don't expect you to forgive me,\" Leon said softly. His voice was thick with emotion and Robbie understood that if he raised it he would crack and cry before him. \"But please understand that Father and I are working to clear your name. A solicitor friend of mine is petitioning the courts for a date as we speak, and hopefully we can submit the new evidence as early as Friday.\" Robbie nodded slowly, his heart fluttering in excitement at these new developments. He clasped Leon's hand in his own and shook it. Leon gingerly returned the shake, careful not to disturb the saline drip sewn into Robbie's arm. Jack's response had been something entirely altogether unexpected. \"My boy…\" The older man's voice shook as he spoke, and he and Leon both stared on in wonder as Jack's shoulders slump and shook as he cried at Robbie's bedside. This went on for some time, until Jack straightened up and addressed him again. \"We were wrong. We were so very wrong.\" He took Robbie's hand and kissed it. \"God bless you, my son.\" He then turned and left the ward, leaving a speechless Leon and an emotionally drained Robbie. Finally Leon spoke up. \"Will Cee be by tonight?\" \"I imagine so.\" \"Please give her this,\" he said, placing a thick envelope on the nightstand next to Robbie's bed. \"It's Briony's testimony from yesterday, typed out. I thought it would be best if she kept a copy. Feel free to read it, if you'd like.\" \"Thank you,\" Robbie said. He certainly would not like to read that traitorous child's statement, but it was good to know she had made good on her promise to recant. \"And continue to get better,\" Leon said with a smile, leaning over the squeeze Robbie's shoulder. \"I'm afraid we've tired you out this afternoon, and my sister will have my head if she hears of it. I'll be in touch, Robbie.\" That was two days ago. That afternoon he knew they were in court on his behalf, introducing new evidence to his case. Robbie had had five years to become unaccustomed to people caring about him, save for two women. What to do with such an outpouring of emotion from two men he had completely written off? It made him tired. \"You should sleep, son,\" his mother's voice soothed. \"Cee will be here soon.\" So he slept. His body was not the only part of him in recovery. Cecilia arrived home after her shift on Friday afternoon and looked around her flat in with a sort of bewilderment. Grace shuffled out from the bedroom, carrying her Book of Common Prayer and a small copy of the New Testament, which Cecilia knew had been lent to her by the kindly vicar who lived in the village where Grace had lived the past four years. Cecilia and Robbie had discussed his mother's conversion via letters and she wondered at his opinion on her reliance on her newfound faith. Robbie was a vowed atheist, even moreso after his incarceration. Cecilia had simply given up on God but she liked the idea of somewhere quiet she could go each week to collect her thoughts and consider her actions. Between her and Grace, however, a lovely friendship and understanding had blossomed. Cecilia's awakening had been aided by the steady vision and support of Grace, who had as good as raised the Tallis children after Briony was born. Grace was the maternal, caring soul that Cecilia had sought, and Cecilia provided Grace the enthusiasm and optimism about Robbie's eventual release. They were there for each other when the rest of the world had given up, united by their love of Robbie. \"You're home early,\" Cecilia commented, hanging her coat on its peg and turning to the table, which was overflowing with small gifts and letters. \"They were doing rounds and closed visiting hours early,\" Grace explained. \"Plus this lot was starting to add up, and I thought I'd arrange it for you.\" \"Has all this been here all week?\" she asked, picking up a bottle of stout that bore a small note of encouragement from her friend Melinda. \"I don't recall seeing these yesterday.\" \"You've been too tired to notice,\" Grace laughed. \"Last night you forgot to take off your shoes before you collapsed into bed.\" \"And a sorry mistake that was. My poor heels were blistered halfway during my shift today.\" \"Poor dear. Shall I draw you a bath?\" \"I should go to Morden. Suppose they've lifted the visiting ban for the day?\" \"Head Sister shared that it would be better if you stayed home this evening,\" Grace shared. \"They were going to do some heavy cleaning tonight, too. Don't worry, love. He looked very good today – even ate some toast!\" \"That's good,\" Cecilia murmured, sinking into a kitchen chair, going through some more of the trinkets dropped off by her friends. \"I don't believe it – Helen's gone and given us a full pound of sugar!\" \"A pound? Bless her – that's two rations worth!\" \"We ought to make Robbie a cake,\" Cecilia mused. \"I think I could ask Vera down the street for a few eggs.\" \"She stopped by this afternoon to check in on you and offered as much. 'Just say the word!' Lovely woman.\" \"I seem to be blessed with friends, at any rate.\" Grace let the words hang in the air before she pressed on. \"Any news from your brother?\" Cecilia tried to look disinterested as her fingers danced over a wedge of cheese left by another friend. \"He was going to telegram the results of the hearing today, and I'm to meet him at his house tomorrow for tea. You're invited, if you'd like.\" \"I'll pass.\" \"His wife's expecting another baby soon, did you hear that?\" \"I hadn't. Look at you, a regular old auntie.\" Cecilia smiled. \"That's some good in this mess, I suppose.\" Grace stared out the window, her face steely as she spoke. \"I don't suppose your father has any more to say about what's going on?\" \"Leon says Jack's the one who found a judge willing to hear an old case on Friday afternoon, which may be the first time he's ever mixed work and family matters.\" \"Pity it took him this long,\" Grace spat. \"Did he really cry the other day?\" \"Sobbed like a little boy. What an excuse of a man. Your poor brother – it was if he knew he'd never see his own father be that upset over him.\" \"And what did Robbie say?\" \"Nothing. He accepted their apologies, but he didn't forgive either of them, at least not using those words.\" \"He shouldn't have to.\" \"I agree,\" Grace affirmed. \"Now miss, neither of us are doing any good waiting here for that telegram to arrive. Let me run that bath some with epsom salts. They'll do you good, and I'll make a supper out of this feast your friends have brought.\" Briony had insisted on being present for the initial hearing. At first Leon was convinced it was shirk more duties at St. Thomas's, but her badgering turned out to be a good instinct. \"Miss Tallis, do you attest that you have made this amendment to your original statement in good faith and in full liberty? That is, you were not coerced to do so?\" \"That is correct. And may I state for the record that my absence at the original trial likely caused this falsehood to be carried on for so long? I doubt I would have been able to continue on the lie in the presence of the full court, especially at age thirteen.\" \"You may.\" \"Statement has been noted, your honor.\" \"And do you understand that, in light of this and other evidence the court has been made aware of, the assailant of your cousin, Lola Quincey, remains at large should Mr. Turner be found innocent?\" \"I do.\" \"So be it. This case is hereby reopened. We will send notice to the defendants and reconvene in two weeks' time.\" Briony noticed Leon blanche as the judge spoke. \"What's wrong? What does that mean?\" Leon's friend Bruce turned to Briony with his answer. \"Your cousin Lola will have to testify again.\" Briony's blank stare cause Leon to grimace. \"If Lola knows it's Marshall – and I'm sure she does – she doesn't have to say a word against him. A wife doesn't have to testify against her husband.\" Briony's heart sunk as she processed what it meant. \"Oh no.\" Saturday, June 8th, 1940 Cecilia rang the doorbell at Leon's house in Regents Park, shifting uncomfortably. Her shoes were old and worn but it had rained earlier that day, and she didn't dare wear her new pumps in the sludge that accumulated on London's streets. She was painfully aware of how dull she looked compared to even the outside of her brother's posh townhouse. Leon answered the door with a grin and her nervousness was forgotten as he crushed her into a hug. \"Thank you for coming, darling. May I take your coat? You didn't get wet on your way here, did you?\" She followed him into the neat and tastefully decorated sitting room where a delicate woman sat with her legs elevated, her peaked face serene but tired. Cecilia knew she looked drab in comparison to even this very pregnant woman, but she could feel that Mary would not judge her for her lack of fashionable attire. \"Dearest, I'm so pleased for you to meet my sister, Cecilia,\" Leon beamed. Mary shifted to get up, but Cecilia stopped her. \"Oh, please don't, you poor thing! It's so lovely to meet you, Mary.\" \"Likewise,\" replied her sister-in-law. They kissed and Cecilia sat across from her, chatting about her pregnancy and their little girl, Evelyn, who had been whisked off to Glasgow a month previous. \"It's hard without her around, but it's a relief to know she's in good hands with my parents.\" \"The maternity ward I work at is talking of relocating. They're trying to find a place big enough for all our patients and us to be within walking distance.\" \"Must you go?\" Mary inquired. \"If I want to work,\" Cecilia replied. \"I've only recently passed my qualifying exams. It would be good to gain some credibility before I establish myself elsewhere. Although I must say the war will probably keep my employment prospects high for the time being.\" \"How exciting! It must feel so useful to know how much good you can do.\" Leon could hardly stop beaming at how famously his wife and sister were getting along, that he nearly skipped to answer the telephone when it rang. \"Tallises.\" \"Leon, darling. It's me.\" Leon's heart froze when he heard the voice on the other line. \"Mother. What a surprise. Well, I'll share what you're bound to be calling about. The baby's not come yet and Mary's been feeling just fine. The doctor's not worried.\" \"Good, good.\" Leon could hear the familiar crunch of bedclothes and knew his mother was reclining in her bed, warding off a migraine headache. \"Darling, I'm actually calling about another matter. My brother telephoned me just a few minutes ago, and had some shocking news from Hermione.\" \"Is that so.\" Leon feigned surprise and winced, knowing what was coming. \"He heard that Lola's court case against that Turner scoundrel is opened again, and that Briony's recanted her testimony.\" He took a big breath and decided to face this head-on. \"Yes, it's true. Briony spoke to a solicitor and stood before a judge yesterday. I'm sorry I haven't gotten around to telling you. It's been a very long week.\" There was a silence over the line. \"Am I to believe you were encouraging her to do so?\" \"I found a solicitor and Jack arranged for the judge.\" \"Leon, how could you? Your own cousin, right before her wedding day!\" \"Actually, Mother, I was thinking more about your daughters than I was your niece.\" \"Don't talk to me about Cecilia. Cecilia's made her choice in life. Briony , on the other hand, already has had to deal with these great things far above her understanding…\" \"The issue with Briony's original statement,\" Leon said icily. \"Is that she understood she was lying from the start. The real question is why you let her.\" Emily was silent again before answering. \"A mother must protect her family. I saw a threat and I made sure it was vanquished. Surely you understand that now, being a parent yourself.\" \"I understand that I would never pit any of my two children against each other,\" he answered. \"And I hope to teach my children there's honor in doing the right thing.\" \"Leon, I need to get off the line. I'm getting a terrible headache about this. Please promise me that you'll think of your poor sister before you make any more rash decisions.\" He knew she meant Briony, but he couldn't help but think of Cecilia. \"I have her best interests at heart. You can trust me about that.\" \"That's my good boy,\" Emily simpered. \"Give my love to Mary.\" \"Yes, Mother.\" The line went dead on the end and Leon stood at the receiver for a moment, trying to calm himself down before facing the two women in the sitting room. On top of appeasing Cecilia, soothing Briony, holding Jack accountable, asking pardon from Robbie until his voice grew hoarse, and taking care of his growing family, it now appeared he would have to shield Robbie from his mother's long-held hatred and somehow think of a way to keep Emily at bay. \"Leon?\" Cecilia's voice rang out in the hallway. \"Where are you?\" \"Right here, sis,\" he called out. He noted the worried tone to her voice. \"What's up?\" \"Mary's water just broke - call her doctor! The baby's on its way.\"[Chapter 8] A/N : Thanks for all your lovely praise! It's so nice to hear. Summary: Marian Tallis arrives. Cecilia's nursing skills help in two difficult situations but evades dealing with two others. Briony rationalizes bad decisions. Robbie is on an emotional roller coaster. Sunday, June 9 th , 1940 There was a deep satisfaction in receiving new life. The doctor, a general practitioner of the old sort, a very skilled man, had arrived an hour after they had called for him. Cecilia liked him immensely, and with her assistance, a little girl was born to Leon and Mary shortly after midnight. She realized immediately after cleaning up from the birth why Mary chose to give birth at home when London was full of skilled hospitals and physicians – Leon hadn't left his wife's side once allowed in after the birth, and had tended to his little daughter with a passion and dedication that surprised and impressed her sister. In the hospital Leon would have been sent home long before the baby arrived, and baby and mother would have been separated as well. Here the little family bonded together on the same bed where it had all began nine months prior. \"We ought to name her for you,\" Mary murmured as Cecilia deftly tidied up around the resting mother. \"I don't think so,\" Cecilia replied, arranging the bassinette with the soft and sweet-smelling sheets. \"You did all the hard work. Doctor and I merely assisted.\" \"Yes, but it was so easy this time,\" Mary countered, stroking her daughter's petal-soft cheek. \"I didn't bleed the way I did when Evie was born, or tear.\" \"The first baby is always the hardest. And this little one was so small – likely that all made a difference.\" \"You think she'll be all right, having come so early?\" Leon asked in a worried voice. \"At thirty-eight weeks gestation, the baby may be on the small side, but she's perfectly made and seems to be breathing very well on her own. There's no reason to suspect she won't be hearty and learning to walk alongside her sister in a year's time.\" Cecilia had seen hundreds of children born by this point in her career – she attended at least three births a day at the Weir Road Maternity Home – but there was something fundamentally different about the one she attended that night. She had missed her first niece's birth, but her second niece would not know a life without her Aunt Cecilia, and the satisfaction of a successful birth paired well with the healing balm that was being able once again to love her brother. \"Darling, I insist on naming her for you,\" Leon said, placing a kiss into his wife's tousled hair. \"Mary's such a dull name,\" she protested. \"What's your middle name?\" Cecilia prompted. \"Perhaps we can do something with that.\" \"Anne,\" replied Mary. \"Mary Anne Tallis. It's so very dull, and not lively at all. Oh please Leon, let's not. I don't like it.\" It took Cecilia a minute, but something came to her. \"What about Marian? That's so pretty and feminine.\" \"Marian Tallis. Oh, how perfect! That's much better. Leon kept insisting we call her Eugenie.\" \"Only out of jest,\" Leon smiled. \"Then it's settled. Marian! You'll consent to being her godmother, won't you Cecilia? Because I can't think about Maid Marian without thinking of you.\" \"Oh?\" his sister asked incredulously, sinking down at the foot of bed. It was the first time in hours that she had sat down. \"What do you mean?\" \"Of noble birth, estranged from her family due to her love an outlawed man, who's persecuted without just cause?\" The two siblings looked at each other for a moment, and Cecilia's eyes brimmed with tears for a minute, her heart inflamed with love and tenderness in this most perfect moment. She had, without a doubt, forgiven Leon for his part in abandoning Robbie. Leon knew exactly how he had failed them, and had done his utmost to make it right. She tried not to let her voice shake as she spoke. \"You're such a dreamer, Leon. But yes, I'll be her godmother.\" Her brother's eyes shone, too. \"I'm glad.\" She cleared her throat and stood up. She maneuvered the bassinette to Mary's side. \"When you're ready to sleep – and I suggest you try, while baby's napping so peacefully – set her down here and try to rest. And Leon, don't be afraid to tend to either of them, though you won't be of much use when little Marian gets hungry.\" \"I hope it doesn't surprise you that I'm excellent at changing a nappy,\" Leon defended. Cecilia yawned through her grin. \"I'm going to set myself up downstairs and sleep, but I'll pop back in to check on you both before I leave in the morning.\" \"Must you go?\" Mary asked, shifting the little baby to her other arm. \"You're not the only one who needs me to be there when their time comes, I'm afraid. My work doesn't wait.\" \"But could you come over the weekend?\" Mary begged. \"I know the nurse from the antenatal clinic will come to check on the baby, but it's so nice to have someone I know and trust look the baby over. Please, Cecilia?\" Trust had been lost for a long time between Cecilia and her family. It was good to be found worthy of it again, strange a thought as that was. \"I couldn't say no to my god-daughter. I'll be by tomorrow evening.\" \"Free of fever for two whole days! You'll be well enough for the convalescent floor by Monday,\" Nurse Carey said cheerfully to Robbie Turner that Sunday morning as she helped him sit up. \"A week or two there and your strength will return to you in no time, mark my words!\" Having energy was an exciting prospect, for the most taxing part of his recovery was the constant feeling of exhaustion that seemed to cloud his mind. \"I hope the food's as good there as it is here,\" he joked. The young nurse chuckled appreciatively. \"Spoken like a true soldier. Speaking of which, you'll have a full beard by Midsummer if we don't do something soon. How about it - a bath and a shave? The barber'll be around later next week, but in the meantime we can get you looking a bit less like a convict.\" Robbie winced at her choice of words and knew from her warm expression she had meant it entirely in jest. He would control that feeling of pain and anger that stemmed from those years at Wandsworth Prison. He would not lash out at this nurse. He managed a grimace that could be mistaken for a smile. \"Yes, a bath. That sounds like just the thing.\" It took Cecilia a full hour after her shift ended that day to get from her hospital in Balham to Leon's house near the Regent's Park. She was tired and momentarily cranky for agreeing to return and check on her niece, despite the fact that a qualified midwife would check in on mother and daughter twice daily until Mary's month of sitting in was finished. But the feeling of exhaustion quickly evaporated once she had the little girl in her arms. The weight of a newborn was enough to soothe even the most trouble of minds, and Cecilia felt herself cooing with her sister-in-law over the baby's perfect and delicate features. \"I think we'll have the baptism in two weeks' time. The midwife thinks there's no reason I can't travel after that, and Leon's getting nervous by the hour having the two of us in London.\" \"They are getting rather serious about those bombing warnings,\" Cecilia agreed. \"Has your warden issued the baby's gas mask yet?\" \"I hadn't thought about that,\" Mary said worriedly. \"Do they make those?\" \"Of course,\" Cecilia replied. \"They're a tad cumbersome, but easy enough to use once you get the hang of it. I'll show you once you get yours – you'll feel better knowing it's there in case of an attack.\" The two women chatted for several minutes before there was a knock at the door. Leon's head peaked in and he looked towards Cecilia. \"Sis, I hate to rush you, but I think it's time to go.\" Cecilia and Mary exchanged confused looks, which made Leon sigh and press on. \"We've got visitors and I don't think you're ready to greet either of them.\" Cecilia's stomach lurched when she understood his meaning. \"The parents?\" \"The parents,\" Leon affirmed. \"They're down in the drawing room. Emily has a tendency to wear Mary out, so I was going to take the baby down there and present her. I hate to be sneaky about it, but you could duck out the side entrance and not cause too much fuss.\" Cecilia nodded, and tried not to show her shock. She turned to her sister-in-law and wrapped in her a quick hug. \"I'll be by midweek to check-in again, but everything's looking so well. Don't be afraid to ask the midwife anything when she stops by. I assure you she's seen it before.\" Leon and Cecilia were silent as they made their way downstairs, the quiet fussing of the baby echoing off the tastefully decorated halls of Leon's house. \"Did they give no warning? I imagined Jack would have phoned. It's not like him to make a visit unannounced,\" Cecilia asked, sotto voce. \"It appears Emily came in to Town this afternoon and surprised Jack at Whitehall. She's trying to talk me into sending Mary and the baby down to Surrey for the rest of her confinement.\" \"Mary's fine here. A journey so soon would wear her out,\" Cecilia argued. \"They keep talking about air raids, but I don't think it's a true threat yet.\" \"I agree. Don't worry – I can stand my ground to the parents. I suspect Emily's on guard. She knows Briony's recanted her evidence and Jack's in on it as well. She called last night on the war path. I think she's feeling wounded.\" \"Why didn't you say anything?\" Cecilia exclaimed, looking alarmed towards her brother as they descended a staircase. Leon adjusted the murmuring newborn in his arms, delicately arranging the soft blanket that swaddled his daughter. \"I couldn't upset Mary, and I figured you had enough to worry about without dealing with our mother. Let me handle the parents, Cee. You go home and rest.\" He opened a door that led to a backyard garden. \"There's a path that leads round to the front. Wait a few minutes so you can be sure they're both inside with me.\" The leaned in for a quick hug, gently avoiding the small bundle of a girl in the crook of Leon's arm. \"I'll be in touch about the trial. May I use your address to contact Robbie?\" \"You may,\" she replied. \"Good luck, Leon.\" Back at St. Thomas's, it was already lights out and most of the girls on the probationer block were sound asleep, nearly senseless after a full week of direct trauma care. Briony was weary in body but far too excited by her accidental good fortune to sleep. In an overlooked garret not far from the sleeping quarters, she sat and poured over the letters the soldier with the Cockney accent had shoved into her hands. She couldn't be blamed completely for the misunderstanding. When the soldier had asked if she was Miss Tallis, of course she was going to reply in the affirmative. Briony had merely forgotten that she was at her sister's flat and there would be no reason for anyone to recognize her in that place. Evading Leon's inquiry about the nature of the soldier's visit had just been a reflex. Yes, when you slowed down to think about it, it really made sense for Briony to take Cecilia's letters to Robbie from the soldier who made sure they were brought back from France. After all, if she hadn't been there, who was to say where the letters might have ended up? With Cecilia's sniveling landlady? Lost in the post? No, for the moment, they were far safer with her. She traced her sister's writing on the envelope, fingers looping over the amalgamation of letters and numbers that identified Robbie and his regiment. Briony began methodically, ordering the letters from oldest to most recent. The first ones began just after Robbie's release from prison, and from the first few letters Briony surmised there had been a brief reunion between the two that had found them timid at first, but quickly resolved their love for one another and solidified their plans of a future together. It panged her heart to read about her sister processing through her feelings and expectations about life now that there was hope of eventual reunification. Cecilia wrote frankly about her work and social life, filled in Robbie about his mother the things Grace herself held back – namely that she had found solace in the Church – and finally, Cecilia wrote to Robbie about her own dreams and his feelings and emotions about his newfound freedom. The letters began plain and tentative in their affection, but quickly Briony realized the pair had been prevented from showing stronger emotions due to an overzealous psychiatrist. Slowly the letter worked to banter and connection that made Briony desperately wish she had Robbie's replies as well. Surely somewhere in that small flat in Balham there was another stack of letters. Exhausted for the night, she folded up her stack and tied them together. She held them to her nose and breathed in. There was the faint odor of gunpowder or something sulphuric, but mostly the paper smelled plain and ordinary. Robbie must have carried these for months, carried them to the lines of war when all he could take with him were the very things necessary for life. These letters – above any other item – had made the cut. Briony felt her way down the ladder leading to the garret, knowing she had done the right thing that weekend by finally telling the truth. She had finally written it out in January in the form of \"Two Figure by a Fountain,\" her seemingly doomed novella written from her vantage point she had that hot June day in 1935. The letters made her thing that it wouldn't do to just show one view of Robbie and Cecilia if she was to bring their story to justice. She was going to have to present the situation from all sides. She would get the letters back to Cecilia one day. They had made it this far – from Cecilia's flat, across the Channel, right to Robbie's regiment, and across the Channel once again, defying terrible odds. But for now, Briony had a few ideas of her own. Thursday, June 13 th , 1940 The week fell into a steady beat of work and sleep, with a small respite in between where she pelted Grace with questions about Robbie's recovery. He had been moved from the critical ward on Monday and slowly was regaining the feeling of autonomy. The visiting hours, now that family members would be reassured that their loved ones were well and on their way to recovery, had been reduced as the Army made plans to reorganize their remaining regiments and made plans to fight again. An hour in the afternoon was all that was permitted. Grace came faithfully, armed with an arsenal of food that Robbie didn't quite have the stomach for, but the other convalescents happily pounced upon. She brought the newspaper and filled him in on the goings on outside the Morden EMS walls. Finally it was Thursday, and Cecilia's long week of working night shifts at the maternity home gave way to one blessed day off. It was hard not to run as she made her way to the Tube station. The sun was so bright and the day so warm that she had contemplated walking the way to the EMS. That would have taken her the better part of two hours, and Cecilia had resolved not to miss a minute of her one hour with Robbie. The nurses on duty greeted her cheerfully and she made her way to the unfamiliar recovery ward, where soldiers spent the day in alternating rounds of rehabilitation and rest. Her heels clicked loudly on the scrubbed tile floor and echoed off the walls of the ward, conspicuously sharp against the muffled sounds of men snoring lightly. She rounded the corner to where Grace said he would be, and almost kept walking. She stifled a laugh when she realized she'd overlooked Robbie in his clean-shaven state. He dozed in the bed, the newspaper folded over his chest as if he'd fallen asleep reading it. She crouched next to him and stared for a moment. He still looked positively beat, but his color was certainly better than the pallid state he arrived in. And best, his septicemia was under control. There were still traces of infection in his blood, the doctors explained, but his body seemed to be better at fighting the infection within. Gingerly she took the paper from his hands and tried to fold it as quietly as she could. He stirred and yawned, smiling as he stretched out. She returned the smile and leaned in to kiss his cheek. \"Is that they teach you to greet all soldiers?\" he teased, his voice scratchy with sleep. She laughed and brushed her lips against his while finding a free hand of his, squeezing it tightly as she sat on the bed. \"I didn't wake you, did I?\" \"I hoped you planned to. You didn't come all this way just to stare at me sleep, did you?\" \"Your mother said they wear you out on this floor. It's important that you rest.\" \"I'll rest when I'm dead,\" he replied, slowly sitting himself up to visit with her. \"You'll rest when I say,\" she said sternly. \"I'm serious – you can't push yourself so hard, not with a recovering septic wound. You were nearly dead last week.\" \"I'm not right now,\" he protested. \"No, but heaven help you if you put me through that hell again.\" They looked at each other for a long moment, her eyes pleading and his defiant. Suddenly his body relaxed and his eyes lost the tension they once held. \"I promise to sleep like a baby once you leave today. For now, I request your lovely company. How long have we left?\" \"Forty-five minutes.\" \"Measly.\" \"Stingy,\" she agreed. \"I suppose I should fill you in on the news?\" \"What else could possibly happen this week? Between Leon's baby and half the Army being incapacitated I figured we all had our schedules full.\" \"The baby's doing well. I stopped by and saw her and Mary last night. She swallowed hard before going on. \"Leon spoke to me. They scheduled your retrial.\" His face paled and he swallowed a few times in quick succession. \"Soon?\" \"End of the month. Leon assures me that they won't have any reason to re-incarcerate you. You've served the terms of your sentence. This is just to re-evaluate the sentence in light of Briony's new testimony and decide if it was just. If they find a new verdict, your record will be cleared. No matter what, the law is clear. You won't be going back to prison.\" Robbie ran a hand through his recently cut hair and breathed heavily. He opened his mouth but no words came out. \"Robbie?\" \"I don't want to go,\" he gasped, his pupils dilating and his breath quickly becoming a pant. If she wasn't a nurse, the switch in his personality might have frightened her. Instinctively, Cecilia stood up and pulled the curtain near his cot closed, shielding him from view from the other patients. She returned to his side and took him by his forearm, her fingers prying open his clenched fist. Quickly she removed the pillow from behind his head and gently laid his head down, then propped the pillow under his legs, elevating them. \"Darling, you need to breathe nice big breaths. Just like this.\" She inhaled audibly through her nose and exhaled through her mouth, blowing as if she was extinguishing a candle. His eyes were closed tight and his hand grasped tightly around hers. He tried to inhale but his breath hitched and he exhaled in jagged puffs, almost coughing. \"That's it,\" she said encouragingly. \"Now do that again and try to relax.\" Slowly she worked him down to a less agitated state. His forehead was dotted with perspiration and his eyes were still closed. \"Robbie, darling?\" The sound of her saying his name brought him back to the room. She studied him for a moment, looking him up and down worriedly. \"How often does that happen? When your fears get the better of you?\" Shakily, he sat up. She pulled him up and rearranged the pillows back to their proper state. He reached for the glass of water next to his bed, but his hands shook so violently she had to help him steady them as he took large, greedy gulps. \"I shouldn't have told you,\" she said remorsefully. \"I'll have to go,\" he said dully. \"I was going to be told one way or another. I suppose I'm glad I lost my nerve in front of you and not some card from the courts.\" \"Robbie…\" she tried again. \"I can usually fight it,\" he explained. \"In France it was always there, lurking in the background. I thought about being imprisoned by the Germans and I couldn't…just couldn't…\" He swallowed hard and breathed as she taught him. \"In training it was easier to have a bit of release from it. I don't know how many times I imagined seeing the lot of them and tearing them all to pieces with my bayonet.\" \"Who, Robbie? The lot of who?\" The smile on his face was wolfish and wild. \"Your family. Jack, Briony, your terrible mother. The whole lot of them,\" he repeated as he stared down at his hands, letting his words sink in. \"And now you've gone and done exactly what I asked you to do in my last letter. Making amends while I still think of ripping them from limb to limb.\" Her mind was reeling as she thought of an appropriate thing to say in response to his outburst. \"No one could blame you for thinking that.\" \"Would you?\" he countered. \"I've led you on, Cecilia. I am no generous spirit, though it's charming that you should think so.\" She didn't like the self-loathing and acid that had dripped into his voice. She shifted from her chair to next to him on the thin hospital cot. She reached for both his hands with hers and stroked them tenderly. \"It's not your fault,\" she whispered. \"And I trust you, completely. I always have and I always will.\" \"You're a fool, Cecilia Tallis.\" \"I don't deny that,\" she countered, not stopping her massage of his hands. \"Though I hear that Cecilia Turner doesn't suffer fools so easily.\" He laughed and caught her gaze. She squeezed his hands and brought them to her lips, kissing his knuckles and closing her eyes tightly. \"I'd like to hear more about this Cecilia Turner,\" he teased. \"Me too,\" she agreed. \"When do you suppose she'll have the time to make an appearance?\" \"I have to return to Aldershot and report for duty once I'm fit for duty. I don't know how long that will take.\" \"Eventually they'll move you to a convalescent home until your strength returns. That may take a bit. Months, even. That's not the only thing in our way, though. There's talk of relocating the maternity home, too.\" He looked up at her, quizzically. \"Out of London?\" She nodded. \"All expectant mothers and small children under our care are being relocated to Lancashire. I'm expected to come along and ease the transition. They tell us it will be in September.\" He sighed, easing back into his bed. \"It seems the Army and the hospital don't approve of our being together.\" \"It would seem,\" she agreed. \"But we're ahead of ourselves, I'm afraid. First you have to be released to the convalescent home. Then maybe these plans of ours can find their end.\" \"First we'll have to get through the trial,\" he corrected, his voice once again bitter. \"You're not the only one who's nervous, you know. Leon's told me Emily insists on being there…\" \"Christ.\" \"And there's always the possibility they'll ask Lola to testify again. Lord knows how that might go this time around.\" Robbie shook his head. \"Why would they? Unless she also recants her testimony, I can't see why that would make a difference. All Lola's ever said on record is that she couldn't positively say who it was who violated her. A man of my height. That's all she ever said.\" Cecilia tried her hardest to wear a neutral expression. He doesn't know about Marshall , she reminded herself and quickly tried to avert the topic. She didn't feel she had the strength to talk him down after another outburst. But something in what he said gave her an idea. It might even be worth making a visit to her father. \"You're right. I don't know why I worried about Lola changing her mind.\" Just then a head popped in from around the closed curtains. \"Time to say your good-byes! Visiting time ends in five minutes,\" a junior nurse chirped. \"When's your next day off?\" he asked, reaching for her hand and lightly squeezing it. \"Thursday next,\" she replied. \"It's a strict schedule for the next few weeks and I already had to switch with one of the girls for the little Marian's baptism . Don't worry, though. I'll send lots of news through Grace.\" \"She won't be returning home?\" \"Not anytime soon,\" Cecilia replied. \"Though it's hardly surprising that securing your well-being prevails over her love of her chatting with the vicar after noonday Mass.\" \"The vicar?\" Robbie inquired. \"Oh dear, has she really said nothing? Pester her about it tomorrow. I've got to run.\" She leaned in for a kiss, this time relaxing into his lips and synchronizing her breath with his for a few moments. \"Thank you for helping me,\" he whispered as they broke apart, their faces still close and intimate. She stroked his cheek as they gazed at one another. \"When I wasn't acting myself.\" \"Anytime,\" she said lightly, though she knew he was serious and that it was likely far from the last time she would have to help him deal with his demons. One thing at a time , she told herself, and swooped in to kiss him once again. \"Don't push yourself too hard, Private Turner.\" \"And suffer your wrath? Nurse Tallis, I would not dream of it.\"[Chapter 9] A/N: HELLO. Thank you one and all for all of your reviews and private messages! My goal is to finish this story within the year. It's been long finished in my head. I just need the time to bang it out on the keyboard. I'll get there. Thanks for sticking around. xoxo Jack Tallis was not a nervous man by any stretch of the imagination. One didn't arrive to his position in life without having an iron will. He wielded it at his office at Whitehall and, when he was actually there, he wielded it at home in Surrey. It was easy to feel powerful in places where it was expected of you. That bright morning in late July, Jack found himself pacing around the sitting room of his London flat waiting for Walter Bruce to arrive. Leon's friend had been the serious, knowledgeable sort of man whose gravitas in the courtroom commanded authority and respect. They would need authority and respect today to pull off today's stunt. In two hours, a judge would hear new evidence submitted on behalf of the plaintiff. If successful, it would overturn the court's previous ruling and change the life of one man: Robbie Turner would be exonerated for the assault of Lola Quincey. The static buzz of his doorbell jerked Jack's attention to the sitting room door, where his housekeeper guided in the grave-faced Bruce. \"Mr. Tallis.\" \"Mr. Bruce. How good of you to come.\" \"My pleasure. Are we meeting your daughter Briony here or at the courtroom?\" \"There. It's just down the road from St. Thomas's.\" \"And Private Turner? He's in good health, I take it?\" \"As well as could be expected. The Matron at the home was reluctant to release him for the trial, even for the day. My elder daughter, Cecilia, tells me recovery could take a while.\" \"Let us hope today's outcome aids his recuperation.\" \"Do you really think you really think there's a chance?\" Bruce sighed and sat down opposite Jack. \"We'll have to proceed very carefully. I'm representing Briony, of course, and your niece, and Leon's arranged for another one of our Cambridge fellows to act as solicitor for Private Turner. Officially we are on opposite sides, but as the defense has nothing to present and it's solely the prosecution presenting new evidence. There should not be anything to prevent us from offering Briony's new testimony and that of the twins.\" \"You sound hesitant.\" \"I've heard Marshall will be there, and my guess is that he won't be happy, \" Bruce explained. \"We blindsided him. Back in '35, Briony and Miss Quincey were represented by the same legal team without much fuss. Briony was their key to conviction. He's not in charge of who's representing his wife, and my fear is that we'll be stalled.\" \"How easy will it be to do that?\" \"That all depends on the judge. And how the judge feels depends entirely on who he sees before him.\" \"Absolutely not.\" Robbie was suddenly grateful for the short, stubborn woman who stood between him and the solicitor hired by Leon to represent him. One did not get to be ward matron of a hospital by being a shrinking violet, but the woman in charge of the convalescent home was strict like no other that Robbie had experienced so far in his recovery. Even Cecilia, who seemed to have a way with hospital hierarchy, acknowledged that there would be no bending of rules while he was here. Gone were the special privileges she'd had at Morden, where at the end several of the nurses made sure to exchange addresses with Cecilia and had treated him with special care. In a way, this new situation was a welcome relief from the attention and the effort it cost him to engage in small talk. Cee and his mother happily engaged in the banter between the nurses and staff. It grated on his nerves, though he told no one of this. The blessed quiet of the convalescent home was soothing. He had been here not quite a week. Each day closer to Friday he felt the pit of dread grow in his stomach. He was expected at court at eleven that very morning. A judge would be Briony's new testimony and reevaluating his sentence. He'd been warned by Leon that they might question him again. There was something else Leon feared – Robbie could see it plainly etched on Leon's face when he had came by the day before – but Leon had said nothing about whatever it was. Somewhere along the way they'd all forgotten to inform the ward matron of his trial. \"Absolutely not,\" she repeated. Robbie could imagine her heels digging into the floor as she spoke. Sister's arms were crossed, and despite her short stature, prim apron, and ruffled cap, the solicitor in front of her seemed to shrink as she went on. \"Mr. Pierce. Need I remind you why Private Turner is here in the first place? He is recovering . He may be lucky enough to have all his limbs, but a severe case of septicemia can render the strongest among us dead in three days flat. I've seen it. Even if we have the infection that caused his sickness under control, his entire body is still reeling from the toll the bacteria had on every cell within him. Am I making myself clear, sir?\" \"Quite,\" Pierce replied, straightening himself up. \"I understand the severity of his situation and the importance of his recovery. I'm afraid, however, that Private Turner is expected in forty-five minutes to appear in court. You – very rightly – are focusing on his present needs. I am here to ensure his success in the future, which very unfortunately must be dealt with this morning.\" The ward matron's eyes narrowed and the two stared at each other with a cool indifference. Finally the matron sighed. \"Would the court object to a nurse accompanying Private Turner? Should his condition change, I want a pair of capable hands there to prevent a bad attack.\" Mr. Pierce face visibly relaxed. \"Sister, that sounds like a very reasonable decision.\" \"Don't overstep the bounds of my kindness, solicitor,\" snapped the matron. \"Nurse Milburn, could you come here a moment?\" A bright cheeked nurse who Robbie estimated to be a few years older than Cecilia strode over to Robbie's bedside. \"I have an odd request to make of you. You're to accompany Private Turner to his court appearance. Should his condition change, you are to immediately and swiftly bring him back here. I don't care if you have to pull him from the stand. With any luck we won't have to send him back to the hospital because of a relapse. A man in his conditions needs rest and plenty of it. Of all the foolish things I've heard so far this war, Mr. Pierce, making a sick man attend a trial after he's nearly lost his life for his country is near the top.\" \"May I quote you on that, Sister?\" replied Pierce. \"That is just the case we mean to make today. Being a private, his lack of insignia made losing his uniform during his hospitalization was not the ordeal it might have been if he was an officer. Nurse Milburn fetched a clean private's uniform from somewhere in the convalescent home – Robbie had seen other soldiers back in uniform and discharged earlier that week – and eased him into it. He had worn little but hospital-issued pajamas and dressing gowns the past few weeks, and it surprised him what a trial it was to put on a proper outfit. He leaned forward to lace his boots and nearly fell out of the bed, steadied by the expert arm of Nurse Milburn. \"I'm so sorry,\" he mumbled as the woman knelt to tie his boots. \"I didn't expect to get so dizzy.\" \"Not to worry,\" came the cheery reply. The nurse bustled about the way his mother did when she was younger. These days, Grace shuffled more than he remembered. He realized with some concern that the past five years had prematurely aged his mother in the same way it had hardened and aged himself. \"Under normal circumstances, you wouldn't be expected to do this on your own for quite some time. I'll warn you – septicemia's a nasty recovery. Sister's within her right to want to refuse this favor she's granted you.\" If she had been a younger nurse Robbie might have clammed up and gritted his teeth through the forced cheerfulness that all nurses seemed to employ when the odds began to look slim. He stared dully past her, his eyes fixed on the wall. \"It's no favor to me.\" Nurse Milburn swung her arm around his shoulder and hoisted herself under his armpit, expertly helping him to his feet. \"It's a favor to someone, at any rate. Now be a good fellow and take the cane at the end of the bed. It will help steady you and relieve me of some of your weight. Get a feel for it, dear.\" Together they hobbled toward the common room where the solicitor paced impatiently. He spotted them and strode over. \"Good!\" he exclaimed at the sight of Robbie upright. \"A uniformed, injured soldier. That's exactly the picture we need to paint. Now let's go! I'm glad I decided to bring the car.\" Nurse Milburn arched a skeptical eyebrow towards Robbie. \"Good Lord, whatever did you do that pitiful is your preferred state?\" \"It's a classic case of misunderstanding,\" Mr. Pierce filled in, assisting the nurse as she eased Robbie down the stairs. \"But a complicated one, so naturally one must tip the balance in the right direction. Mind the step.\" A sheen of sweat had begun to gather underneath Robbie's service cap as he labored down the staircase. His head felt light and his vision swam. \"Could we have a moment?\" he rasped. They paused as he caught his breath. The nurse tsked. \"I don't like the looks of this. The poor man's been through enough already. \" Robbie shook his head, a deep-seated desire to prove the world wrong stirring inside his chest. Or perhaps it was the infection reigniting in his veins. At any rate, his heart beat loudly at the prospect of being beaten, not by the courts, but by his own physical inability. \"I'll be fine once we're to the vehicle.\" \"They said you were tenacious,\" the solicitor said approvingly. \"I've a good feeling about today.\" Briony paced in front of the doors leading to the courtroom, her heart beating wildly and her throat hoarse in anticipation of having to assert her new evidence. She had recited her recanted statement aloud during the walk from the hospital to the courthouse. \"Due to my young, overactive imagination, I convinced myself that Mr. Turner had performed actions that went against my prior understanding of his character…\" She worried about the other damning details of that night, of the obscene letter she had absconded with from Cecilia's dresser drawer. \"In my dreams I kiss your cunt, your sweet wet cunt . In my thoughts I make love to you all day long.\" She had forgotten about that first piece of intercepted correspondence until earlier that month when she found herself with a stack of letters, this time from Cecilia to Robbie. How to convince a judge of Robbie's innocence with that in existence? It should have never been seen by anyone other than Robbie and Cecilia. Now it was evidence – evidence that had been made public when the case had gone to trial in 1935. It seemed to be a detail that helped to seal her own testimony of his character five long years ago. \"...which, due to a series of ill-timed events, resulted in my insistence of his part in the assault of my cousin, who at the time was Miss Lola Quincey.\" It sounded stilted and forced, even though she had spent hours crafting the syntax and choosing her wording carefully in her written statement. Worse yet was the fact that Leon – steady, calming Leon! – would not be there that day. He was on his way to Glasgow, accompanying his sweet little wife and their new daughter to his in-law's house further out in the Scottish countryside. Threats of German bombing were imminent and every day spent left in any city felt like a gamble. Now that the baby and Mary had been deemed fit for travel, no time was to be wasted whisking them away to safety. The solicitor, Bruce, was a nice enough chap, but not as warm and reassuring as Leon in times like this. Briony took a large breath and tried to calm herself. This is what you get for lying. No comfort for Briony. Not today. Suddenly she spotted her father making his way toward the courtroom. He nodded at her in acknowledgment and came to greet her. Jack was as much a mystery to her as she was to him; how was it that one could be related so closely yet know so little about them? Briony banished the extra thought from her head. The last thing she needed right now was something to ponder and daydream. \"Nervous?\" he asked. \"No,\" she replied truthfully. \"I'm worried.\" Jack nodded gravely. In a low voice he instructed, \"When they call you to the box, answer honestly and truthfully. The barristers will have read the statement you made several weeks ago and will ask you questions about it. Just stick to the facts. We're expecting the Marshalls to show up with their own solicitor, but there's no reason to believe the court will allow it or that it will matter, since you gave evidence on behalf of the prosecution. That hasn't changed. But know this: Robbie's being represented by another friend of your brother's. It must not appear that the two sides are working together in any way. Do you understand what I am saying, Briony?\" \"I think so,\" she said slowly. \"Recanting my evidence means that Lola's true assailant will remain at large. If they judge knew they were working together, it might seem like we were trying to free a guilty man.\" \"Exactly so,\" her father affirmed. \"Do exactly as you're told and repeat your statement. No embellishments, no unnecessary adjectives. Just the truth.\" \"Will they call on you or Emily?\" Briony asked. Jack's brow furrowed as if he hadn't thought of that prospect. \"I think not,\" he said evenly. \"It will be easy enough to understand our motives if they believe you. In fact, your mother and I will sit next to you in the witness box. It will show our support of your decision. \" \"It just seems odd that they wouldn't. My reason for carrying on so long was because Emily – Oh! It's Robbie!\" she exclaimed loudly, clapping a hand over her mouth as soon as she said it. If he heard her, he didn't acknowledge it. She gaped as he made his way across the floor to his seat, cognizant that this was the first time she had seen him since that night in June five years ago. A uniformed nurse aided him to the prisoner's dock. His eyes were heavy-lidded and his skin was pale with a faint sheen of perspiration. He leaned heavily on a cane and gripped the seat in front of him as he eased himself onto the bench. Briony searched his face for glimpses of familiarity. Would she recognize him if she saw him on the street? He had not changed much in his features, but it was apparent the last five years had worn him considerably. Part of it must have been the septicemia. Briony's current ward at St. Thomas's had several soldiers recovering and had seen many more die from wounds that poisoned the blood. They were a group of men who never seemed to get enough sleep and seemed to pay for one good day with an awful one. She noticed Robbie's solicitor talking with the usher, pointing towards him and gesturing. The nurse that accompanied him strode to them. Briony realized that Robbie was likely still very ill from his infection. A pang of guilt gnawed at her conscience. This whole event was all her fault, but there were circumstances far beyond her control that were making this situation so much the worse. She hadn't anticipated that the case would be reopened at all. Leon pointed out that new evidence was needed for Robbie's conviction to be appealed, and her change of testimony wasn't enough. Several days after she had submitted her statement, she had received her summons to appear in person to give her statement in the crown court, which somehow was in just a few weeks' time. Robbie's last trial had taken months to be seen by a judge and jury. On top of it all, there was the war. Where in Briony's wildest dreams did she ever think Robbie would be injured and recovering when she finally made amends? The darkest of all these thoughts skimmed to surface. He could have died at Dunkirk. Then no one would ever have known or cared about the truth. She was pulled out of her reverie by her father, who tugged her into the courtroom. In the witness dock sat her mother, whose brimmed hat shielded wincing eyes from the interior lighting of the courtroom. Briony braced herself for a strained conversation about frayed nerves and migraines, but instead Emily merely acknowledged her with a small nod and patted her knee when she sat. Briony tried not to bristle at the familiar touch but found herself stiffen anyway. She panned the courtroom in search of other familiar faces. Aunt Hermione was there, sitting next to Lola, who sat closely to Paul Marshall. Uncle Cecil, unsurprisingly, was not in attendance. The court began with its usual proceedings. The account of the previous trial and its verdict were read. Robbie rose from the prisoner's dock and gave a brief statement, affirming that he would not be amending his previous version of events. Behind her she heard a woman stage whisper, \"He looks terrible.\" \"I heard he nearly died,\" her companion answered. \"Frightfully romantic story, though. I heard the Tallis's daughter recognized him while she was working on the ward.\" \"Funny to think we all turned up our nose at the thought of an upper class girl going into nursing. Now that's the vogue thing for these young girls to do.\" \"That's because of the war. I heard they cut her off. What choice did the girl have?\" Sandwiched between them, Briony did not dare look to see the reaction her mother or her father had at these accusations. Her head swam as she considered how many people had accepted her word as true all those years ago. The court proceedings began and she barely followed what was being said until she was aware of Jack poking her in the ribs. Nervously, she took the stand and was questioned by each barrister. The script she had thought of earlier that morning was out the window and internally she writhed at the thought of giving such an impassioned speech in front of such a large audience. There had been a time when she craved such a thing. Finally, the barrister representing Robbie got around to his final questions. \"Would you say, Miss Tallis, that intercepting a lewd letter from Private Turner intended for your sister was what convinced you that he was guilty of assaulting your cousin?\" Briony's cheeks flushed crimson, having worried about this detail far in advance. She was surprised how easy it was to answer. \"I can't deny that Private Turner sent my sister a lewd letter. Nor do I deny that it was rude and intrusive to me to stick my nose where it didn't belong. My reaction to the letter was namely, that I was jealous of Robbie's affection for my sister.\" \"Robbie?\" \"Pardon – Private Turner.\" \"And you now believe that letter showed genuine affection, despite its lurid content? Is that your interpretation, now that you are, as you say, an adult?\" \"I believe the only two people able to accurately answer that are my sister and Private Turner, whose private affection for one another should have never been an object of discussion in any court of law. I only know I had no right to take that letter and morph it into a confession of sexual mania.\" Briony's voice shook as she finished, her anger at herself getting the better of her. \"I also would like to add that, if I had been cross-examined in this fashion at the age of thirteen, we would not be here today. Anyone with an ounce of logic would have realized the holes in the tale I told.\" She was excused from the stand not longer after that, though she could hardly remember what else she had said. She took her seat between Jack and Emily, neither of whom would look her in the eye. She looked ahead in the courtroom as the magistrates and judge discussed procedure with the barristers. Her gaze landed on Robbie, who she realized with some surprise was staring back at her. They held each other's looks for a moment. She hoped she looked defeated and repentant. She had done all she could and knew it still wasn't enough. His eyes were fevered – she could tell across the room, though his pale and clammy skin only confirmed her diagnosis – but defiant. Coolly, he broke the stare and re-oriented himself to the witness stand. There was more debating between the barristers , with some follow up from each side's solicitor. Briony could hardly listen over the sick feeling pitting in the bottom of her stomach. At this point, the jury might have no choice than to uphold the previous trial's conviction. Robbie then took the stand. He approached the stand slowly and leaned heavily on a cane. Briony could see his forehead shiny with sweat. She could tell by the way his eyes twitched that he was trying to conceal whatever pain ailed him. He took his oath and barrister began asking his questions. \"We are here to discuss another incident of the night you were accused of assault, but not the one for which you served a sentence. The evening began with the nephews of the Tallises running off. You were the one who found them and returned them to the house. Do you remember where you found the Quincey twins, Jackson and Pierrot, that night?\" Robbie paused before answering. His head had been swimming since he stepped foot in the car that brought him here to this spot. What was the point of surviving Dunkirk if a hot June night five years ago was going to haunt him the rest of his life? His mind raced back those five years to the moonless morning hours that he had spent, torchless, combing through the obvious places to hide at the park, and finally followed the small footpath that went past the cow pen. He knew exactly where he had found the two of them, huddled for comfort at the base of a willow tree. \"About a mile and a half south of the house, in a willow tree right off the foot path that links the cottages of the farmers adjacent to the Tallis property.\" His mind swam as he tried to imagine why they were asking them this now. They hadn't bothered to question the twins at the time, and five years between eight and thirteen was a world of difference in memory between the thirteen and eighteen. Briony could at least draw from adult conclusions recently formed. What hope did the twins have? He tried to swallow and found that he couldn't. He felt he was being analyzed the way he had been in Wandsworth, self-important psychiatrists scribbling notes and trying out hypothesis after hypothesis to account for his alleged misdeeds. He had nowhere to hide. If he noticed, the barrister said nothing. \"And what way did you leave the main house that night, when you went to find the boys?\" \"Towards the cow pasture. East initially, then south when I didn't find them.\" \"And you brought no torch, no light whatsoever?\" Oh, and how to explain this one? They were looking for guilt, and a crafty man who preyed upon young girls was not in need of light on a moonless night. This much had been made clear in the courtroom five years prior. \"I grew up there. I knew my way around best, and I knew the boys would run if they saw lights chasing them. Besides, there weren't enough torches for all of us to have one.\" \"No torch, so walking back was a chore?\" He remembered that night and coming back, the stop and go of two fifty-pound bodies whining and refusing to move another inch until he finally compromised by putting one on his shoulders and supporting the other one as they walked. He had to stop and rest three times, alternating each boy to make it fair. It had been a hot day and the night was no relief, especially in his best suit. He knew he had soiled it by the time he had found the twins. Of course it had been a chore! There was no one else better suited to do it. \"They were so heavy. It was so hot.\" He could feel the fever reignite inside him, though what did it matter? They didn't believe him then and he wouldn't believe him now. He was going to be put back in that place and he was going to go under. That much was certain. He gripped the railing in front of him for support. The barrister frowned at the man in front of him who appeared to writhe in pain and looked flushed. \"Private Turner, I know you are recovering from a recent battle injury. Please permit me just one more question. Do you remember the time that you found the twins?\" He had thrashed around for hours and had long stopped hearing the voices calling from the house. He had nearly given up, cursing his stupid idea about the footpath and figuring the twins had long since been returned to the house. Then, he caught an unnatural shape poking out from beneath the apple tree ahead. A small foot poked out from the hedge. He raced to them and saw them there, motionless. His heart had stopped momentarily, but then he realized they were only sleeping. \"Two. Two in the morning.\" \"And it took you two hours to walk back?\" \"Two hours. Had to cross the creek one by one. Had to rest. They were heavy lads.\" \"And you took no breaks.\" \"None.\" \"Thank you, Private Turner. That will be all.\" The crowd murmured as a uniformed nurse rushed to Robbie's side, gently leading him back to the prisoner's dock. The judge called for order as another barrister provided the testimony recently submitted on behalf of Jackson and Pierrot. Briony was pleased to realize that the order of the testimony corroborated with each piece of this puzzle. Her own amended statement to a solicitor pre-dated the new testimony given by the twins; the two stories did not conflict with one another. Robbie giving his statement about finding the twins prior to the court hearing the twins' version of the same event ensured that the judge and jury could be assured that the verdict of the last trial had missed some crucial information. They were now debating the testimony provided by the twins. \"This trial has already been tainted by the false testimony of a thirteen-year-old. Why add two more to the equation, and account for the fact that five years have passed since the event in question? While the statement provided from the Quincey twins provides additional affirmation that the accused was otherwise occupied in retrieving two sleepy eight-year-olds from a cow pasture, it does not confirm the timeline of events in any way.\" Briony's stomach was in knots. She couldn't see any good way out of this. She had admitted she had lied before; for all they knew she could be lying again and seemed to be making a good case of it. In Briony's mind, the only way for Robbie to be declared innocent in all of this was for Lola to confirm her brothers' statement. Finally Lola had been called to give her statement. Like Briony, she had not been required to appear in person in 1935. Aunt Hermione was known for her histrionics, and Lola had learned well from her mother's example. Big, shiny tears rolled down her cheeks as she answered the questions from both barristers establishing her recollection of the situation. Yes, she recognized the man in the prisoner's dock as the man accused of raping her. Lola's chest heaved as she sobbed into a handkerchief. Briony braced as she saw the reporters from the papers scribble madly onto notepads, inwardly wincing at how badly this could all go. Unsurprisingly, Lola denied everything her brothers said. They were lying little brutes and still were, she testified. She had no idea why they would make up such a disgusting story about her husband. Lola's perfectly coiffed red curls bobbed in unison as she continued her testimony. \"So you deny your brothers' account of the events leading up to your assault?\" the prosecution barrister asked. \"I do,\" Lola simpered, her eyes red but her make-up still perfect. \"And you affirm your statement made by proxy in November 1935?\" \"Yes,\" she affirmed, collecting herself and sitting upright. It was the defense barrister's turn to question Lola. Briony sunk into her chair, flanked on either side by the stony faces of her parents, both of whom had hardly seemed to move a muscle throughout the trial. It wasn't going to be enough to recount her evidence. They would need to implicate Marshall, and Lola was too smart to do that. \"I want to revisit the statement you made for the trial in November 1935. I understand how upsetting and unpleasant it must be to revisit such a time in your life, but please understand that evidence has been presented suggesting an honest man was wrongly accused of assaulting you. The evidence was enough to re-open this case by jury trial, and for that reason alone we must ensure that the court's ultimate decision is the correct one. Now, my first question for you, Mrs. Marshall, is this: the only thing you could say definitely about your attacker was that it was a male, correct.\" \"Yes,\" Lola responded, her tone of voice audibly annoyed. \"And that you thought you were only as tall as the middle of his chest, which would mean the man was about 6 feet in height. Is that correct?\" \"Ye-es,\" Lola said tentatively. \"I think so.\" \"Let me read your assessment again so you can be sure.\" The barrister turned to the jury and read loudly from a paper in front of him: \"From Mrs. Marshall's statement in 1935: ' It was a man. He hugged me to his chest. I think I wasn't quite as tall as his chin.' An assessment of the courts found that this would indicate the man was at least six feet tall, which corroborated with Private Turner's height.\" \"Yes, that's right,\" Lola affirmed, straightening up. \"Additionally, while you stated that while the man told you to be quiet or else he'd hurt you, you could not say for certain who it was. Is that correct?\" Lola's face steeled and she did not move or respond. The entire court was silent as they waited a response. \"Mrs. Marshall? Do you need me to repeat the question?\" \"I didn't know Private Turner until that day and wouldn't have recognized his voice, so it must have been him,\" Lola reasoned out loud. The barrister nodded patiently. \"While we may consider that fact, that is not what I asked you. I am merely trying to affirm your previous statement, which you have alleged to be true just a few minutes prior by Barrister Barnes. Now, please confirm your statement made in November 1935: while you heard the man's voice, you could not say for certain who it was. Is that correct?\" \"I won't implicate my husband!\" Lola burst out as the observers in the court began to murmur. \"You cannot prove it!\" The defense barrister replied calmly. \"Mrs. Marshall, we are not talking about your husband at the moment. We are discussing your attacker, whom you have previously stated was a man, who was believed to be about six feet in height, whose voice you did not recognize. I am only asking you to affirm those facts. Remember that you have taken an oath to tell the entire truth.\" Lola's solicitor raced to the stand to approach the judge. \"I raise an objection; Mrs. Marshall has already answered the barrister's question, as it was already asked.\" The judge spoke for the first time since the start of the case. \"Then she should not object to answering the question a second time.\" \"The first barrister did not provide my client with the details of her previous statement!\" the solicitor cried, suddenly looking desperate. The mood changed in the courtroom. The feeling of dread still swam in the pit of Briony's stomach, but the rest of the participants were starting to realize there was more to this story than they previously thought. The chatter became audible, so much so that the usher had to loudly remind the observers of the solemnity of the space. \"The barrister asked your client a simple question that she quickly affirmed. Next, the barrister merely asked your client to affirm the details of that statement. There ought to be no difference in her response should her statement be true.\" The judge nodded to the defense barrister, who asked Lola for the third time. \"Mrs. Marshall, do you affirm your statement by proxy in November 1935: that your attacker was a man, who was believed to be about six feet in height, whose voice you did not recognize.\" \"Yes, I affirm that statement,\" Lola said. An edge had crept into her voice. Briony sat up in her chair and leaned forward, scarcely believing what she was hearing. \"Returning to a statement you previously made about the man: you stated that you would not have recognized Private Turner's voice because you had only met him that day. Is that correct?\" \"Yes, that's correct.\" Now Lola seemed to perk up, her earlier concerns verified. Briony perked up, too: her cousin had just walked into a trap. \"I understand you and your husband are recently married.\" \"Yes, just three weeks,\" Lola beamed. \"May I offer my congratulations,\" the barrister said blithely. \"When was it did you first meet your husband?\" \"The…the same day,\" Lola faltered. \"I object!\" Lola's solicitor cried out again, from his place in the crowd. \"My point in mentioning this fact,\" the barrister droned, not pausing to address the interruption and raising his voice to rise above the sudden murmur of the crowd behind him, \"Is that Mrs. Marshall had become acquainted with multiple people that day in June 1935. She is unable to confirm that it was Mr. Turner who assaulted her, merely by voice recognition.\" The courtroom had fallen silent in anticipation of what could follow such a statement. \"We have heard today from four voices that previously were unable to speak for themselves five years ago. One has clarified her evidence, claiming that she was in part heavily influenced by others and an overactive imagination to make the accusation that she did. Two others have provided more details of the night that match Miss Tallis's amended account. We have evidence that neither Miss Tallis nor the two Master Quinceys have been in contact with one another since the incident; this is true as well for Miss Tallis and Mrs. Marshall, whose own certain recollection of the facts do not implicate Private Turner in any way. What the prosecution can say, definitively, is that we no longer have a case against Private Turner. I have no further questions.\" Again, the courtroom burst into sound as the barrister returned to his table and Lola was excused from the stand. She looked stunned as she sat next to her husband, who was busy talking to his solicitor in an agitated manner. Briony whipped her head around to see Robbie's reaction to all of this, but to her great surprise he was no longer in the prisoner's dock. She turned again to the judge, who was listening intently to Robbie's solicitor and nodding gravely. The solicitor left and the sergeant-at-mace banged his gavel until the din died down. \"We will now let the jury convene to discuss the new evidence and the testimony provided this afternoon.\" The judge now turned to the jury. \"If you have the slightest doubt, it is your duty to acquit the accused. Of course, as was discussed earlier, Private Turner has already been convicted and served a sentence for this crime. He cannot be charged again for the same crime, but should you find him not guilty, his record will be cleared. You are the judges. The outcome of this trail is not dependent on me. We will now leave you to consider your verdict elsewhere.\" \"Silence!\" the sergeant-of-mace cried. The court usher took his oath and led the jury to nearby room, where they were locked in. The court dispersed, leaving the room with an energetic public who filled the air with gossip and speculation. Briony's heart leapt into her throat as Paul Marshall rose from the other side of the room, a steely glare in his eyes, but he was prevented from coming closer by his solicitor. Lola, who until now had been acting every inch the grown-up married woman, sulked in her chair beside her husband, her legs crossed and her chin resting in her reclining arm, her face in a pout. \"I don't suppose they'll be very long,\" Emily remarked drily. \"I don't see how they could,\" Jack replied. Briony remained between them and said nothing. To her knowledge, it was the first time that day her parents had acknowledged each other. The jury took ten minutes to decide upon a verdict. Briony's heart pounded as the sergeant-of-mace droned through the dozen names of the men and women of the jury. He then asked, \"Members of the jury, are you agreed upon your verdict?\" \"We are,\" replied a juror. \"And do you find the prisoner guilty or not guilty of assault, based on the evidence given here today?\" \"Not guilty,\" came the curt reply. At once the court erupted into talk. \"Silence!\" shouted the sergeant-at-arms. \"Then let the prisoner…\" the sergeant-at-mace faltered as he searched for the correct terminology. \"Let the prisoner be discharged,\" the judge filled in. \"From this day forward, Robert Turner is hereby not guilty in the assault of Lola Quincey. His legal record in this matter shall be expunged. Private Turner has not only served the sentence for this crime, he has risked his own life in service to his country as repayment for a debt he never owed. While the courts in our kingdom are ordered so as to deliver a fair trial and swift justice, information was withheld to a previous journey that would have forever altered the course of this man's life. Presumed innocent, we hope Private Turner can return again to his old life.\" Turning to Lola, the judge continued. \"It pains me to leave you with this decision, but our court of law was not set up to provide resolution to all crimes. Based on evidence, we can only prove one way or the other the innocence of the accused. I am afraid, that unless other evidence is provided, we cannot name or prosecute the man who attacked you that night. By all accounts, the court has mistakenly accused the wrong man of the crime. It seems that the true perpetrator of the crime done to you has taken advantage of this error. I'm sorry to report that as the evidence stands, we may not be able to name your accuser. The court is adjourned.\" With that the jurors, solicitors, barristers, and judge quickly dispersed and the room again filled with noise. Beside her, Emily's fingers went immediately to her temples, massaging around her eyes in a manner that caused Briony to feel nervous. Years of her mother's status as an invalid had caused her to feel anxious when she sense the warning sign of a migraine. \"You'll come home for your next holiday, dear?\" Emily asked, not daring to look up, lest the overhead lights pain her. \"Whenever that is,\" Briony guessed. She did not have a clue what her future at the clinic looked like. Here was another day gone from training and instruction. She knew she would not have it in her to make up for the studying late into the night. \"Come Emily, Briony,\" said Jack curtly, gathering his coat. \"Let's be off. I fear our presence will be fodder for the papers if we linger.\" As they made their way out, Briony strained to hear the voices around her. \"Poor chap, he was white as a ghost by the time he got back to the dock.\" \"Can you imagine? Three years in Wandsworth only to get shot at in France so you can come back to the world wondering if you're innocent or not. I don't think I'd have it in me.\" \"Still leaves more questions than answers. Did I tell you about that story the Horizon received a few months ago? Clara was telling me about it. Couldn't publish it, because it was clearly about the elder Tallis daughter and this Turner fellow and they were worried about legal action from Marshall. Piqued my interest, I'll tell you…\" Briony whipped around and strained to see who had said that. But she couldn't as Jack gently pushed her towards the exit. The relief that washed over her after the jury read their verdict was replaced by her embarrassment. In the reply she had received after sending along Two Figures by a Fountain , someone from the Horizon office had asked whether she had a sister who attended Girton. She hadn't used their names, but they knew it was about Robbie and Cecilia. And now all of London knew. What a fool she'd been. It was late when Jack Tallis arrived at the soldier's convalescent home. He had returned Briony to St. Thomas's and endured a dinner with his wife where he gave curt replies to her many inquiries. Despite it being after posted visiting hours, Jack ad learned enough in the past few weeks to mention his civil servant status at Whitehall to gain access to hospital patients. Or rather, a particular patient. The nurse in charge that evening was reluctant to disturb Robbie all the same. \"Our Matron gave strict instructions not to worry or stress him,\" she warned. \"We almost had to send him back to the hospital, it was that bad a relapse.\" There was a lump in Jack's throat that puzzled him. It had not been there since his brother Clem had died in the Great War over thirty years ago. There had been such a likeness between Robbie and Clem that he found difficult to explain to his wife or even his son. That passion for knowledge and the gift of being intelligent as well as strong and able-bodied. That joie de vivre. To think that the best years of Robbie's life had been wasted away in a prison. To think that Robbie could be dead on the shores of Dunkirk… Jack pushed the thought out of his mind. Robbie was still here, in front of him. He was alive. He slept and Jack was relieved to see the breaths were even, even though Robbie's face seemed etched in discomfort. His eyes seemed sunken and his cheeks were hollow, making him look gaunt. \"I'll just leave this here,\" Jack said, his voice thick. He pulled a large envelope from his jacket and put it at his bedside. \"It's the legal documents recording his innocence. He'll need them when he returns to Aldershot.\" There was more in the envelope. A letter with Jack's profoundest apologies and an offer for a living stipend. Robbie's name may have been cleared but Jack knew it came at a cost. A jury may have found him innocent, but it was going to be a difficult task to explain to a public whose long memory included an inability to forget. It was going to be hard for a man with Robbie's background, education, and legal trouble to find a suitable job. After all – hadn't Jack offered to pay for Robbie's medical school in full? This wasn't much different, he thought. On his way out the door, he stopped and looked at the man in the bed again. \"Be well, my son,\" he murmured. It was more benediction than any of his biological children had ever received from their father. Note: Everything I ever learned about the British court system in the 1940s came from an educational video on YouTube called \"Courts Of Law : English Criminal Justice - 1946 Educational Film.\" ","Summary":" Summary: Robbie's limp gets noticed. This changes everything. \"Your left, guv'nor. It's your left "},{"Movie":"Cyberbully","Title":"Cyberprepbully","Author":"Taylor-Goffikhill","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8592017","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: heyyyy this is kinda a goffik version of that movie Cyberbully which deals with important stuf but i didnt like that the main character wuz so preppy so i changed it lol Hi my naem is Taelor Charlotte Derp'ession Davis n i hav long raven hair that reaches my mid-back wif blue streks (blue means sadness) and i have blue eys (that are also sad) that have a peircing look in them like i can c in2 ur sole. I'm not related 2 Jonathan Davis but i wish i was bcuz hes so hot. I have pail white skin and im a vampire but I can walk in sunlight (just like Edword Cullen, if u dont like him get da hell out of hear!111). I'm 17 (its my birthday 2day). I wear mostly blak, for example 2day i was wearing a blak Simple Plan corset, tigh ledder pants that show off how skinny i am (sum ppl think im anorexik but I'm really not) n blak high heels. i am wearing white foundation even tho im pale, blak lipstik, blak eyeliner n purple eyeshadow. If u cudnt tell, that means im goffik. I had just woken up n i was talkin 2 my friend Samara (she wuz named like Samara frum Da Ring). \"did u c what dat fukin bitch Lindsey sed about my jaket?\" i typed angrily \"yeah, all her cloves fukin suck anyway, i bet shes just jelus\" said Samara \"lol i know, shes such a fukin prep\" i said \"do u want 2 hav breakfast?\" interrupted my mom annoyingly \"no mom! Fuk u!111 im nut hungry!1\" i yelled angrily. When i wuz little my mom neglected me n thats y im depressed, i fukin h8 dat bitch. \"thats not aceptable\" sed my mom preppily bcuz she dosent understand im depressd \"wht shoes r u werin 2day, bitch?\" asked Samara \"im wearin those cool blak high heels wif metal stuff\" i answered \"preppy\" said Samara sarcastikly \"just cum here u cunt\" i sed My mom gave me sum cunt chokula wif blood insted of milk n i ate grudgingly evn tho i luv blood, then she asked who i wuz culling a cunt and i sed \"fuk u mom!1 wht do u fukin care u bitch!1 leave me alon!1\" \"i just wanted 2 tell u, happy birthday\" said my mom in a little afraid voice \"well about fukin time u rememberd!1 u better get me sumthin good\" i told her \"Eric!1 dont miss da bus\" said my mom 2 my preppy brother \"ok mom it wuznt really my folt last time\" lied Eric, I kicked him wif m high heels when he wuz getting out n i laffed statistikally.[Chapter 2] AN: heyyyy Uelll so heres my fic lol u didnt beleve i wuz acshelly publishin sumthin anyway i named da girl Samara cuz of our favorite movi Da Ring!11 ur realy kewl!111 u rok!111 I wuz goin 2 skool wif my friends Marylin (she wuz named after Marylin Manson, dont u fink hes a hotti?) n Samara in our blak mercedes car (we shared it). Maralyn was wearing a blak corset top, a ledder miniskirt, ripped fishnets, high heeled boots n she had put her hair waist-long raven hair with pink streaks on it in a wierd bun. She wuz blak but she was goffik anyway. Samara wuz wearing a dress wif blak n purple tulle stuff n corset stuff, ripped purple fishnets n blak flats. She had short hair that was all spiky and black. They were both wearing white foundation, blak lipstik, blak eyeliner n blak eyesharow. i queried Marylin \"y da fuk do those prepz thro out parties when they turn 17, it dosent meen anythin\" \"but partis r kewl\" sed Marylin \"u get 2 do a cuttin sesshun n u can torture those fukin preps\". Samara sed \"3 months ago u didnt want a party either\" scoldingly 2 Marilyn. \"I fink we shud 2 wht u did 4 ur 11th birthday party\" she continue \"lol i remmeber we all painted our nails blak 4 da first time n then we cut ourselfs\" i said in a depressed way. \"Did u hear dat fukin prep Julie is pregnent?\" asked Samara \"wtf that fukin prep slut is in Florida how did u no about it?\" i said \"cutsters\" sed Mariyln (lol geddit cuz cutting is goffik) \"oh yah\" i sed We got out of da car (it sed 666 on da plate, it wuz our shared car that we had bought in Hot Topic) \"wht did u say 2 piss of dat fukin bitch Lidnsey anyway?\" asked Marylin \"i just said i didnt want a boy 2 put his boy-thingy in my you-know-what yet. I fink its better 2 lose ur virility at 18\" i sed wisely \"lol boys hav been puttin their boy thingies in her since 9th grade, I bet they hav AIDS anyway\" said Marilyn laffing \"i didn't call her a slut or anythin altho she is one\" i sed laffing 2 We saw Lindsey n she said hi 2 us, we put our middel fingers up at her goffikally, \"I fkin h8 that bitch, she reminds me of Lindsay Lohen\" i said angrily, my friends agreed wif me. Marylin asked if we had done our homwork n we laffed bcuz only nreds do ther homeworks, we saw a nerd n we put our midel fingers up at him. I saw Dani (hes like Dani Filth) in his locker, he was so fukin hot. He had blak hair wif red streaks on it. He was wearing a Korn shirt wif da sleeves ripped off, baggy pants and vans. He wore LOTS of eyeliner n it was kinda messy and smudged and that looked so smexy. \"Do u like him?\" asked Marylin \"No i so fukin dont!11\" i said, even tho when i looked at him i got all hot n i got kind of an erection except i dont bcuz im a gurl \"u no Scott is a poser right?\" sed Samara \"no hes not!11 i herd he likes MCR\" i groaned \"u shud join Cutsters 2 c if he acshelly (geddit, coz im a satanits) likes the if he finks ur hot\" sed Maralin \"my fukin mom is always lookin at what im doing on da computer, shes such a bitch\" i ejaculated angrily \"what a bitch\" stated Maralin \"plus that fukin nred put a softwar on it or sumthin\" We went outside and we did pot and heroin bcuz skull (geddit coz im goffik) is 4 losrs. I was looking at Dani (he had left class 2) n i was thinking about how hot he wuz. A fkn poser approached me n he sed \"happy birthday\" i told him 2 fuk off. He wuz trying 2 b all goffik wearing an MCR tshirt even tho he didnt listen 2 them, n then Dani told me 2 hav a depressing birthday n touched my shoulder wif his hand that was covered in blak nail polish, i smelled at him. Later i told Samara about it n i asked her \"do u think hell ask me out 2 dat GC concert?\" \"No, Dani is a fukin prep\" murmurd Samara \"no hes not!11\" i yelled \"he plays fukin sports, sports r 4 preps!11\" Samara jerked out \"HE FUKIN DOSENT!111\" i yelled at her while cryin teers of blod \"guys who play sports r like that, Charlie put his thingy in my u-no-what n then he never spoke 2 me agen\" cried Samara wisely \"Dani isnt like that fukin prep!11 stp flaming!11 if u flam ur a prep!11\" i screamed \"remembr ur dad lef fukin prep bitch, u kno how guyz r\" sed Samara. When i wuz a kid my dad left us 4 a fukin prep bitch n ive been depressd since then so i became goffik. Im plannin on finding him n killin him next year lol. I went 2 look 4 a razor in my locker bcuz i felt like slitting my rists n i looked at Samara in a way and i put my midel finger up at her.[Chapter 3] Heyyy if u read my story pls leav me a revow or sumthin id like 2 kno how im doin pls if u leave me a good revoiw i will leav u 1 2 I came bak home n i didnt hav lunch bcuz im anorexxik but my fukin mom made me sit wif her n my preppy brothr n tried 2 make me eat, anyway i hav ur birthday present she sed while givin me a blak MCR laptop. \"Its all 4 u\" she smelled \"Oh. My. Fucking. God. u finally gave me sumthin good!11\" i said excitedly \"wait, i bet theres somethin bad about it\" i added suspiciously \"no, u can do what u want, just dont go on inappropriate sites n dont give ppl personal information. I worry about u\" sed my fukin preppy mom \"OH MY GOD MOM DONT TELL ME WHAT TO FUKIN DO IM NOT A KID\" i yelled while putting my middle finger up at her, my brother tried 2 defend her but i put my midel finger up at hi ran 2 my room sexily while grabbing my laptop n i slammed the door angrily. Dat nite i invited Marylin and Samora 2 my house n we started making a Cutsters account 4 me. We smoked drugs and cigrets and we cut our wrists and talked about who was hotter: Ville Volo, Marilyn Manson, Joel Madden, Benji Maden or Dani Filth. We didnt include Gerard bcuz he wud hav won right away. We painted each others nails blak and we put red satanic pentagrams on them that we had bought in Hot Topik. Da website had questions liek \"r u a mornin person or a night one\" n of curse (hahaha like a satanic curse) i put \"a night one\" cuz im goffik, another one sed \"wht is ur favrit body part\" n i told my freinds \"EWWW, WTF IS THAT?\" n then i put \"my big bobs\". Then it asked wht kind ov underwer i was wearing n i put a blak ledder thong bcuz pink underwear is 4 prepz. Suddenly... i got a request!11 it wuz Dani, he looked so hot and depressed in his profile pic \"When he reads ur profile he'll think of ur blak ledder thong\" laffed Marylin \"Scott is such a major fukin hotti!1\" i sed I started using my profyl mor and i psoted one of my goffik poems, it wuz really depressing n i had originally written it in my own blod n i wuz hoping alot of other cool goffs would like it. Then i got a call from Samara n she told me \"that fukin bitch Lindsey commented on our pic!1\", i opened Cutsters angrily and I saw it said something like \"Hey! You look nice here, I hope everything's all right\", i told her 2 fuk off n i called her a bitch bcuz shes a fukin prep.[Chapter 4] Next day i went 2 school n i wuz sitting in class doing nothing bcuz i wuz depressed n i didnt feel like doing crack and pot that day, when class wuz done i dropped the depressing book i wuz reading n da fkn posr hu sed happy birthday 2 me da other day picked it up. He tried 2 make a joke but i told him to fuk off, then he asked me if i liked history bcuz he liked history n i told him he wuz a fkn nerd. He ran out crying n Dani came to me and said \"Caleb is a fkn prep isnt he?\" i nodded energikly. \"So ur on Cutsters now huh? Its alot better then facebook, facebook is 4 prepz\" sed Dani \"yeah\" i sed. Facebook is 4 ppl like Caleb loool \"we can talk ther in da school chatroom n make fun of preps\" he added in a sexy voice Dat night i logged in da chat n Scott sed \"MCR ROX!11\" (MCR is one of my favorite bands n its his 2), i typed \"MCR ROX 2!11\" n Lidnsey sed \"I'm not really into MCR\", i sent this thingy 2 her ┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩┐ n then i laffed bcuz i bet it hurt her. Samara logged in n said that MCR roked n that GC roked 2 (if u dont kno hu they r get da hell out of hear!1) ther wuz sum perv askin 4 slutti gurlz n we told him he wuz a pedo n he shud go 2 da hospitla. Lindsay sed \"I didn't say they were bad, I'm just not into them\" and i told her 2 stop flaming. My brother came in n he was going 2 ask me a question but i punchd him n i made him bleed lol, he ran from my room.[Chapter 5] I woke up from my goffik red vlevet and satin bed and I put on a blak n blood red tutu, a blak corset wif red corset stuff, ripped red fishnets n blak high heels. I put on blood red lipstik, blood red eyesharrow, white foundation n blak eyeliner. Then i herd my friens n i opened the door n they were there. Marylin wuz wearing a blak Marylin manson top that was kinda ripped so u cud c da ring she was wearing in her bellybutton, a ledder miniskirt, blak fishnets and combat boots, she had spray-painted her hair purple. She wuz wearing blak lipstik, blak eyeliner, purple eyshadow n white foundation. Samara wuz wearing a blak dress wif a bloody ANARKY A on it n it wuz all ripped and stuf, ripped fishnets n blak high heels. Her hair wuz even spikier then da other day. She had put on an eyebrw piearcing n she wuz wearing white foundation wif blak lipstik, blak eyeliner n blak eyeshadow. \"U look kawai bitch\" i said (i dont think ive mentioned it but we speak japanese, Jpana rox!11) \"u look kawai 2\" she sed. Then we all went in2 our Merseces car n we went 2 school, Samara almst runs over a prep in da way there lol We got out of da car n I wuz gettin 2 school wif them n we saw Lindsey n her freinds there, we told them they wer fuking preps n we put our middle fingers up at them. I saw Dani. He was looking so fuking hot today. His hair was all kinda emo n he was wearing a slipcknot tshirt, blak baggy pants n blak converse shows. He wuz wearing white foundation, blak eyelinr, blak lipstik n blak eyeshadow. He wuz also wearing blak nail polish. he said \"hi\" \"Hi!\" i replied flirtily \"i looked at ur profile last night, ur a great writer, i slitted my rists 2 one of ur poems\" \"fangz (geddit coz im goffik)\" i said \"i geddit\" he smelled, \"but i fink u need mor picturs mayb bikini shots or sumthin\" \"lol i hav this realy cool ledder bikini that shows off how skinny i am n how big my bobs r\" i sed laffing \"anyway i gotta go\" he said \"ill c u l8r\" i said. I tol my freinds about it when we were in our blak Mercedes doing heroin (we came bak from school early bcuz we felt like it) n Samara sed \"ewwww, hes a perv\" \"no hes not\" i defended him sadly \"he puts his u-no-what in 2 girls da past month\" said Samara \"n her frenched wif another one\" added Marylin \"its not like they wer preps\" i added \"anyway r we going 2 Hot Topik?\" sed Samara \"no i wanna go home n c if Dani gets on 2night\" Their heads spuin n they looked at me like they cud not beleve it \"how cud u not want 2 go 2 hot topik? R u a prep or what?\" inquired Samara \"i fink shes just in luv\" sed Marylin \"its not luv, hes a fukin prep perv!1\" yelled Samora \"u dnt kno if im in luv or not!1111 wht is luv anyway? Ur a fukin slut hu let a guy put his thingy in ur u-no-what after 2 days n u thot that was luv\" i yelled while tears of blood ran down my pallid face. Somara shat the fuck up but then she told me 2 get out n i did while slitting my rists. It wuz raining n da rain made cool streaks wif my eyeliner, i put my midle finger up at Samara bcuz i was so mad at her. L8r that day i talked 2 Marylin on my Linkan Park cellphone while using my MCR laptop n we talked about how much of a bitch Samara wuz n i told her that i got Dani 2 speak 2 me 4 like half n hour n he wuz so fukin hot \"do u fink he likes u?\" asked Marylin \"no u fink he likes other goff gurls\" i whispered sadly I got a notifikation on Cutsters n i opened it cuz i thot it might b Dani but it wuz sum guy named Gerard (isnt Gerard Way really hot?) i told Marylin about dat guy n i sed he wuz realy hot. He had blak hair wif green strekz n he was wearings TONS of eyeliner, he had an MCR shirt that was all ripped n stuf. He went 2 Goffskull n Marylin told me that her cosin went ther 2. His mesage sed \"i red ur poem about slitting rists n it wuz really depressin bcuz i slit mine n dats exaktly how it feels!11 u rok!11 MCR ROX!1\" I acepted his request bcuz he wuz so goffik. My mom calld my 4 dinner and i told her 2 fuk off but i wuz hungry so i went ther anyway. I went down the stairs (my room is in dis cool goffik tower) n i sat grudginly wif her n my stupid brother Eric. Eric sed \"dad called 2day\" n i got up cryng n i yelled \"I BET THAT FUKING PREP DIDNT EVEN CALL ME!1\" n i ran 2 my room crying n i slammed da door. Then i gut a text from Marylin n i red it. It sed \"bitch look at ur cutsters page somethings gone rong\" Omg now theres a cliffhanger wait until next chapter!11[Chapter 6] I looked at my page n... sum1 had hackd it!11111 my status sed \"im a really preppy gurl n i luv Hilary Duff n High School Musical lol\" my mom came in n i told her \"LOOK WHT THEY ROTE!11\", my mom sed \"it isnt a big deal sweeti, u just need 2 change ur pasword n ull b okay\". She just didnt fukin understand. I looked at da comments n they wer comments from goffs saying things like \"ew!111 n i thot u were goffik!11\", \"wtf ur not da real Taelor\" n \"UR A FKIN PREP, FUK U!1\" n there wer also comments from preps sayin things like \"im glad ur on my side now\" n \"i knew u were like me!1\" i wuz so mad and sad. I went 2 da bathroom n i started cryin tears of blood n slitted my rists angrily while listning 2 Evanescence, i rote \"I H8 LIFE\" in da mirror wif my blood. It looked so cool n goffik My mom knockd on da door n i told her 2 fuk off bcuz she wuz such a fkn prep \"r u okay sweetheart?\" she asked \"no im not!11 u wudnt get it bcuz ur a fukin prep slut\" \"don't talk 2 me like that\" she said getting mad \"I TEL U WHAT I WANT!1\" i yelled angrily, i opened da door n my blood wuz getting all ova da floor n stuf. \"we need 2 get u 2 da hospitla\" my mom said in a woried voice, i told her dat hospitalz were 4 prepz. \"if you get like this over that website i fink u shud shut it down. U need help. Now lets go 2 da hospitla\" sed my mom \"NO I DONT WANT 2 GO 2 DA HOSPITLA N IL STAY IN DA SITE IF I WANT 2\" \"ur bleeding!\" my mom said \"im not gonna die anyway da only way u can kill a vampire is wif a cross or a steak\" i said defiantly \"do you still think ur a vampire? Oh my god i thot it wuz just a phase\" said my mom bcuz shes stupid n she dosent think vampiers exist \"U FUKIN SUK!11 STP FLAMING!11 IF U FLAM UR A PREP!111 IM A REEL VAMPIER\" i yelled crying. Then my mom tried 2 grab me 2 get me 2 da hospitla but i didnt let hre n i kickd her out of my room. Then i saw a mesage frum Lindsey, she askd if i wuz going 2 da Hilary Doff concert, i told her she wuz a fuking nasty prep bitch. I chnged my cloves. I put on a blak corset wif lace all around it, a ledder miniskirt, ripped blue fishnets that matched my hair streks n flats. I did my makeup again bcuz even tho the makeup streks looked kinda cool it wuz getting messy. I calld Samara n askd her if she wuz still mad at me, she sed no n i went 2 her place.[Chapter 7] When i got 2 Samaros places we had a glass of blood n we watched Da Ring n while talking in silence \"i dnt kno what im gona do in school on monday all goffs r goin 2 h8 me\" i sed suicidally \"dnt worry noones gona remember\" Samara answerd I caem bak home next dat n my prep mom sed \"gud mornign\" \"wht da fuk do u want\" i exclaimed while shifting my eyes \"eric, tell her\" she looked at my brother severely \"me n my friend hackd ur profile, we knew da passwurd wuz MCRROX, it wuz just a joek\" muttered my brother \"U FKIN PREP ASSHOLE, FUK U\" i tried 2 grb him n beat him up \"well hes grounded but im upset wif u 2, i didnt kno where u wer last night n u called sum1 a prep bitch on ur profile\" croaked my mom \"well i did it bcuz she wuz a fukin prep bitch!1\" i shrieked \"wht is a prep anyway?\" asked my mom \"u no it dosent realy matter u shudnt do those fings\" \"how can u say that bein a prep dosent matter?!11 preps suk!11\" i exclaimed \"im takin away ur laptop 4 3 days\" continued my mom \"U FUKIN SUK!111 UR A PREP BITCH!1\" i yelled n then i went 2 my room n slitted my rists while moshing 2 Maralin Manson. I woke up on monday. I wuz wearing sexxy lacy blood red pajamas n blak underwear, i wuz still wearing makeup and it wuz kinda smudged n cool so i left it like that. I put on blak lace-up boots, ripped fishnets, a skirt that had a slit on it and tulle stuff, a low cut top that showed off alot of cleavage and i put on a really cool collar wif metal spikes n bracelets that had metal spikes on them too. Samara n Marylin picked me up n we went 2 school listening 2 GC, i sang sexily 2 da words n people looked at us bcuz i sang so good. When we got 2 school i saw Lindsey n she said \"hey, it sucks that your profile was hacked\" \"well yeah i still dared 2 cum 2 school cuz im a tru goff n nut a prep bitch like u\" i exclaimed \"what did i ever do to you?\" grimaced Lindsey \"stop acting like u dont underrstand!111 stop flaming!1 IF U KEEP FLAMING ILL SLIT MY RISTS!111\" i menaced while putting one of my middle fingers (i was wearing blood red nail polish that day) at her \"gurls, u sed ppl wud forget about muh profyl on monday\" \"well, ppl hav been posting pikz of Hillory Doff n High Skool Musikal videos on it all weekend\" confessed Marylin \"y didnt u tell me about that?!1 wht if Dani finks im a prep?\" i asked furiously \"sorry we didnt want u 2 freak out\" apologized Marylin \"we thot they wud forget about it by now\" sed Somora \"gimme ur Green Day cellphone!11\" i demanded \"no u dont need 2 c all those preppy fingz rite now\" sneered Samare \"WELL FUK U!11\" I yelled I went 2 da bak of da school to injekt myself wif sum heroin. I do that alot but i dont hav marks in my arm cuz im a vampire Then dat fukin poser Caleb caem 2 me n he sed \"i dont fink ur acshelly a prep\" \"how wud u kno\" i inquired \"u shud look at my page, ppl call me a posr all da tiem\" said Caleb sadly \"well bu posr, im nut a prep!1\" i said fiercely \"im nut a psor!1\" he yelled defiantly I stopped paying attention 2 him bcuz i saw Dani. He looked so much like Vile Volo that day. He wuz wearing a Green Day shirt, a blak ledder jaket, tripp pantz n blak sneakrs. He wuz wearing white foundation n blak eyeliner. I wuz going 2 say hi 2 him but he stared at me wif his goffik red eyes (he wuz wearing contacts) in an unfriednly way. He clearly thot i wuz a prep bcuz he always looked at them like that. I felt so mad and sad. I went over Marylins place n she lent me her kawai Twalot laptop n i saw all da prep fings ppl had posted on my profile, sum1 had posted n Avral Lavon pic n Gerard comented saying \"she dosent listen 2 that fukin posr bitch\", i wuz so happy. I rote 2 him telling him dat he rocket n dat MCR rocked 2. Marylin told me 2 ask him if he new her cosin 2. Dat night we had diner n then my mom told my fukin prep brothr 2 go 2 his room. He yelled at her that our dad wud hav never grounded him 4 that. I told him our that wuz a fukn prep n that he wuz a fkin prep 2 n that i h8d him n i h8d this prep family. My mom tol me 2 b polite but i told her it didnt fukin matter bcuz i wuz getting my computer bak tomorro anyway. She told me 2 take my profile down n i told her i wudnt do wht she told me bcuz im an anarchest. \"u dont fukin trust me bcuz ur a prep n im a goff!11\" i yelled defiantly while running 2 my room wif my high heels clacking sexily[Chapter 8] We were at skool havin lunch except i wuznt eating anyfing bcuz i wuz depresd, i herd sum preps laffing behind me n i wuz sure they were laffing at me so i put my midel finger up at them. Semara n Marylin did it 2. we laffed at them. That day i wuz wearing a pointy crimsom n blak long goffik dress wif corset stuff in the bak and the front n lace all around it. I wuz wearing blak eyeliner, blood red lipstik n red eyeshadow. I didnt put foundation cuz im pail anyway n the fakt that i wuznt eating made me palier. Maralin put lots of foundation bcuz shes blak n Serema put lots of foundation 2 even tho she isnt blak. They were both wearing blood red lipstik, blak eyeliner n red eysharow like i wuz. Maralin wuz wearing a Simple top, a blak jean miniskirt, ripped fishnets n flats. Samara wuz wearing an Evanesesnce top, a ledder miniskirt, pink fishnets n blak lace-up boots that came up almost 2 ur knees. Then Maralin red from Samaras phone what that hot guy called Gerard sed. He sed \"even tho i hav neva met u U ROK!11 MCR ROX!111 b4 i met u i wanted 2 kill myself all da time. Now i just want 2 fukin b wif u\" \"c dis guy isnt a prep like Dani, he actually cares\" hissed Semera \"didnt u like Dani, he sent u like 13 messeges n that number is goffik\" added Marylin \"yeah but i fink Dani finks im a prep now n Gerard finks im a goff which i am plus Gerard is named Gerard like Gerard frum MCR n theyre my favorite band eva i mean Dani is liek Dani Filth frum Da Cradel o Filth but MCR r more goffik then them\" i said thotfully I got up n then i accidently bumpd in2 Dani, \"u basterd!11\" i shouted \"srry\" sed Dani \"i herd ur profyl got hacked\" I wuz so happy he didnt fink i wuz a prep \"yah it wuz my stupid prep brother, so u didnt think im akshelly a prep right?\" i sed in my worried voice \"no i no ur not a prep, ur da goffest gurl i kno\" he said in an evil voice \"wht if i put a satanik curse on ur prep brother?\" he added more evilly \"no its ok il punish him\" i said flirtily \"anyway i wuz lookin wanted 2 c if u wud go 2 a GC consert wif me\" he said shily \"OMFG do u realy want me 2 go?\" i exclamed \"yah r u goin wif sum1 els\" he sighed \"no not realy i will go wif u of curse\" i spewed \"well fangz (geddit) bye\" i smiled I got bak 2 my table n Samara looked at me angrily \"y did u tell him that, da 3 ov us wer gonna go 2gether\" \"cant u just b depressed 4 her (haha get it bcuz we r depressed)?\" asked Mariyln \"yeah i wud b depressed 4 u if a cool goffik guy asked u out\" i sed \"a minute ago u liked Gerard\" exclaimed Samara annoyingly \"yeah but i havent met him in real life i cant go wif him\" i sed surprisedly \"well da other day i herd Scott talking about Avrl Laving n u kno what he sed? He... liked her\" replied Samara solemnemly I looked at her in a surprised way. I didnt kno wht 2 say \"mayb he wuz joking\" i sed When i got home i saw my mom n i yeled \"GUESS WHT CUNT\" \"Please dont call me a cunt, what r u so exited about sweetie?\" she questioned \"Dani askd me 2 da GC consert n we r gonna hav a cuttin seshun n do pot n heroin n u cnt do anyfin about it!1\" i explained trhimphantly \"Taylor, im not letting u go if ur gonna do that\" sed my mom in a worried voise \"yeah right like u can stop me u fkin prep u kno im a rebel lol\" i laffed. Then i ran 2 da house n grabbed my MCR laptop. Maralin n Samara came 2 my house wif a worrid look \"gurls r u depresd? We can hav a cuttin sesshun i just got a new razor\" i said nicely \"u dont kno yet?\" sed Maralin \"that guy cakked Gerard sed he put his boy thingy in ur tool n that u gave him an STD\" i went 2 my profile n ther wuz a post in it dat sed \"i put my throbin boy thingy in ur tool n now my dik turned preppy. I thot u were goffik but it turns out ur a prep\" there wer tons of comments in ther wher ppl sed i wuz a fukiin prep slut n i got so depressed i started cryign blak tearz of depression. I ran outside n cryed agenst a depressing willow tree (those trees r goffk rite?) n then i slitted one of my rists n i rote \"DEPRESSHUN\" on it wif da blood. Then i went up 2 my blak room which wuz covered in band posters and had cool stuff like skulls wif Samera an Maryyn \"Y wud he say he put his thingy in my u-no-wht?\" i cried \"n y wud he call me a PREP?\" i added scandalously Maralin lookd at her phone n told me \"i askd my cosin if ther wuz a guy naemd Gerard on her school but no ones ever herd about him\" \"maybe he just skips classes like us\" sed Samara in a thoghtful way \"no my cosin goes outside n does crack n pot like us so she wud hav seen him there\" sed Maralin \"hes a POSR wif a fake profile\" \"oh fuck i told lots of presonal stuf 2 a POSR\" i sed n i started blak tears again My mom came in n told my friends they shud go soon bcuz it wuz almost time for dinner. My friends told her 2 fuk off n they put their middle fingers with blak nail polish at her. I felt 2 depressed 2 say anyfing.[Chapter 9] We wer in skool in da bathroom n i wuz putting TONS of blak makeup 2 prove that i wuznt a prep, \"at least u put a status saying that u werent a prep n that u hadnt lost ur virility yet\" sed Marilyn Thn Lindsey n her freidns came in n she sed \"I heard sum guy lied about u, what a dik. Oh btw Marylin ppl r spreading rumors about u 2 cuz ur freinds wif Tarelor, ppl r so nasty. They say ur sluts n preps but i think ur n...\" \"WHT DO U FUKIN KNO U FUKIN BTICH!11 FUK U!1\" i yelled n then we went outside. Marypin wuz so worried \"dat fukin prep bitch sed i wuz a prep. Ive never been tole i wuz a prep b4!11\" \"lol well ppl r stupid anyway\" laffed Samere \"dont maek joekz about it!11\" sed Marylun hurtedly \"i dont want 2 b wif u rigt now\" n then she ran ghotikally. Srsly, What a fukin bitch I bumpd in2 Dani n i tole him \"dani pls all da stuff ppl r sayin online about me isnt tru, i didnt giv da guy a prep dik da profile is fake hes a POSR i swer\" but he didnt look bury (hahaha geddit insted of very cuz im goffik) convinsed n he sed \"ok ill c u when we r doing pot n crak outside\" flatly I sat outside sexily by myself n i slit my rsts n i read a depressing goffik poetry book insted of going 2 class. After dat i went 2 Maralins house n i wuz realy mad at her, i kickd da door n sed \"Marylin get da hell out of ther\", she came out n i asked her \"r we still freinds\" n she sed \"yah Tarylor y\" \"WEL AVOIDIN ME AT SKOOL U BITCH\" \"wht do u want me 2 do if i hang wif u ppl will fink im a prep\" Marylin said avoidedly \"but u no im nut a prep\" i grunted \"y did u hav 2 flirt wif a guy u didnt kno hu cud hav been a posr n he wuz\" scolded me Marilyn \"so u fink dis is MY folt?\" i yelled without believeing it and going away Maralin wuz about 2 answer but i ran 2 my house crying blood sexily in a depresed way When i got home my mom told me wht she made 4 dinner n i tol her 2 fuk off, i went 2 my room n i slammed da door cuz im angry n stuf. Someone frum skool called my mom (c i cant know dis but it happened in da story so i had 2 say it here srry i swear it wont hapen again) while i wuz posting a status sayin \"IM NUT A FKN SLUT POSRE PREP IM GOFFIK!11111111111111111666 (da six is cuz im a satsnis)\" THEn my mom came in n tol me 2 show her my Cutsters page, i tol her 2 get da fuk out of my room but she went on my labtop n looked at it anyway. U shudnt b in thes pages thers al stuf about cutin n satanistm sed my mom worriedly \"fuk u mom its none of ur buisnes\" i sneered \"u need help\" my prep mom protested \"HLP IS 4 PREPZ\" i ejaculated!11 \"u ned 2 shut dat page\" insisted my mom \"THEYR CALLIN ME A PREP, IF I DID DAT IT WUD B LIKE AGREIN WIF THEM\" i whined Lindsey comented on my profile \"That Gerard guy said you're a prep, is that true\" (c she spels like a moran) Gerard commented angrily \"ur a lier Lindsey, i never sadi dat!1\" i didnt go 2 school da next day (not like i always cut of clases this time i stayed home). My mum wuz worried about me n tole me mayb i wud feel bettr if i faced my ishus, i stated \"u sound like a fukin self-help buk\" \"i kno dis hole goff ishu is a big deal 4 u so mayb u shud just tel them ur a tru goff\" pleaded my mom \"yeah bcuz dats gonna work\" i sarcasmed \"im gona stop by ur school n talk 2 ur princeipel\" my mom declared \"my principel is a fkn poser\" i murmured I felt so depresed and desperate i got drunk ad slitted one of my rists. I grabed the phone bcuz i wuz drunk n i calld... my dad!11 i didnt want 2 kill him anymor \"dad... remrmbr wht i said abot u bein a prep, wel i dont fink ur a prep anemor... i feel so lonley my freindz dont fink im a goff anemor\" AN: this episode was kinda hard 2 write because its so emotional but i think i pulled it off[Chapter 10] I walked outside in a depresed way looking 2 da floor and listening 2 Bolevard of Broken Dreams by Green Day, it wuz such a cloudy and dark day so u cudnt c da sun wich fit the way i was feeling: dark and depresed. I saw Somalia n i asked her if i cud use her laptop 2 go 2 Custsters, she sed yeah We opened da chat n i saw ppl sayin meen fingz 2 me. Includin da goffs, they were sayin fingz like \"Tailor dint cum 2 skool 2day, i bet she watched Linsey Lohen moviez all day\" n \"i bet taerlor stayed listenin 2 Ashlee Simpsan\" n \"i bet she isnt even slittin her rists\". I felt so mad and sad. Now their sayin i watch lindsy lohen moviez... as if that wud ever happen!11 i watch Tim Bruton moviez!11 i said disgustedly \"nobody beleivez that kinda stuf\" tried to cheer me up Samaria \"i probbly deserved it 4 tlking 2 a poser\" i cooed \"torelor i need 2 tell u sumthin\" blared Simare \"wht if Dani finkz im a POSR PREP?!1\" i gronaed \"ur only worried about a fukin prep guy who is a JOCK?!1\" sneered Samara \"he dosent even caer!11 he ignores u\" he yelled \"stop yellowing at me\" i moaned \"i cant believe ure against me 2\" i prayedd Somalia sigjed \"im sorry im so sorry Toraylor this stuff shouldnt have happened\" We were in skool walking thru da halls looking all depresed and smoking a joint, \"u wanna go outside nd inject sum herion?\" pleaded Semara \"no i wana c if i can find Dani\" i answered all distracted \"oh my fucking Satan (idk if i mentioned it b4 but we r Satanic) im done tryng 2 b ur friend hav a nice DETH (vampires are dead not alive) TERAYLOR\" excreted Somora and she left running with her high heels. I looked at her surprisedly. And then suddenly i saw Moranlin 2 but she went away. I went 2 a classroom and i found Dani \"hi dani\" i said sadly trying 2 b flirty but i wuz so depresd it still came out kinda sad \"we havent spoken in a while so i wanted 2 know if u were still going 2 da GC consert wif me\" i added \"look Toralor. My prep mom pised me off lst nite and she wont let me go wif u she wants me 2 go wif sum prep bitch\" muttered Dani \"that bitches mom is friends wif my mum so...\" \"i cant belev ur goin wif a prep bitch\" i demanded \"its not my choise i have nothin else 2 do\" he defended himself \"ohkay...\" i whispered as tears of blood started 2 fill my eyes and i went out of da classroom. I went 2 da bathroom 2 slut my rists \"oh god, Tailor ur cryin, r u ok? Sum1 maed a video of u\" said Lidnshye worriedly \"everyons scene it\" said a prep bitch maliciusly \"its so funkin funny\" aded another blond bitch \"wht video?\" i asked surprisedly, then... da bell rang!1 then im walking down da hall slowly and it looks really coool and depressing because im so miserable and stuff and its all slow and the camera does this weird upside down thingy thats hard 2 describe but its like halfway thru da original movie if u want 2 c it i went in2 my house and i climbed upstars with my boots and i closed my black door behind me and got my MCR laptop and then there was a video of me on fecebook!1 sum1 was dresde as me but then they changed in2 preppy cloves (all pink frum hollester and stuff u kno da kinda cloves preps wear) and got a blonde wig and they were like \"HI IM TAYRLOR CHARLOTE PREP'ESSION DUFF AND I H8 MCR AND I LISEN 2 DA BACKSTRET BOYZ ALL DAY\". I listened 2 a sad evanescence song and got my new razor and slit both my wits while crying against my Green Gay pillow staiging it wif blood. I stopped and i slammed my laptop shut bcuz i just cudnt beleve what was happening 2 me. I cried more blood and i started 2 feel faint like when u dont drink enuff blood bcuz that happened bcuz i has blood loss from being so depressed and crying so much and slutting my writs so much. I tok my laptop agen and i started recording a video \"Im da real Tarylor Charlote Depresion (NOT PREPRESION) Davis\" i started...[Chapter 11] AN: whoa da other chapter was kinda intriguing wasnt it well this is how it continues Also who da fuk r Siosixise, Voltore (wasnt that a writer), the cure (i thought that was some old boring band idk) and the sisters of mersy ive never herad of them It wasnt Trairlors fault that she got bulied okay ppl were being mean 2 her she wasnt excesively agresive it was just her personality and seriously who gives a shit about grammer i expres things the way i want 2 ANYWAY THIS IS HOW THE STORY GOES: It went like this... \"i dont kno y everybody thinks im a prep!11 but... maybe i do... mayb im becoming a prep now... i dont c a reasn 2 try 2 make ppl think im a goff anymore... im fukin done...\" I had posted it on cutsters and then my blak cellphone started ringing. I ditn anser it bcuz i was busy... Sum1 wuz coming, i herd screzma \"TAYLOR TARYLOR\" i wuz holding a bottle of blond hair dye and i yelled \"I CANT GET DA CAP OFFFFFFFFFFF\" THEN SOMARA CAME IN AND SHE YELLED AND SHE TREID 2 TAKE IT FOFF ME AND WE YELLED \"NOOOOOOOOOOOOO\" AND THEN DA DYE SPILLED AND I CUDNT BELIEVE I WUZ TRYING 2 DYE MY HAIR BLOND AND STOP BEING A GOFF. My mom came in bcuz Somaria had called her and she and huggd me and i put my middle finger up at her while crying tearz of blood bcuz she dosent understand. I told her she cud go fuk herself bcuz she had no idea what was goin on I wuz in a hospitel bed and i opened my red eyes in which i was wearing contakztz ini \"u okay?\" asked my mom \"fuk u\" i asnwered defiantly My mom started 2 cry slowly and i smelled statistikally Somora wuz ther 2, she looked depresed. Did dis happn bcuz dis Jerard guy did sumthin meen? Whispered my mom secretly 2 Samera \"she found out he wuz a posr\" muttered Samara \"a posr? Whts dat?\" demanded my mom \"i gotta go\" suddenly said Sam crying and then she left suddenly[Chapter 12] AN: OMG stop ganging up on me! If u think that isnt enuff 2 try 2 kill urslef or change ur personality n basicly betray urself bcuz u dnt kno what 2 do anymore well mayb u need 2 go thru some stuff b4 u speak. Srsly u disgust me as ppl also if u dont like it just DONT FUCKING READ IT oh my god i spell like i want ok. Lindsay isnt nice shes just a fake bitch like all those fake fucking bitches from school yeah u know who im tlaking about i bet ur just like them u dont fucking care 4 other ppl well guess what i dont care either Also sorry 4 taking so long ive been havin sum personal ishus My mom took me hom n kept me out of skewl even tho i wanted 2 go so i cud skip class and smoke cigarets and drugz like i used 2 do. She came in2 my room n looked me but i gave her the finger b4 she cud speak so she left. Then a buncha stuf happened (u can c the movie or ask me if u like anyway if ur readin dis uve probably scene it its a bunch of stuf wif a doctor and that preps dad) with my mom n idk she kinda sux and shes borin so im not riting about that My brother cheked on me and broght me cookis and asked if i wuz okay and i stufed them in my mouf n spit on his face and laffed bcuz im a sadist and i h8 my brother serously hes a litle brat. He said crying \"mom sed u had 2 cal her wen u woke up\" \"NO I DONT FUKIN HAV 2!1\" i groaned, and then i sexily commanded him 2 pass me that glas of blood i had in my roomm. He looked grosed out (lol hes not a vampire like me) bt he did it anyway. \"Wer u realy goin 2 dye ur hare blonde?\" asked my brother (dont complain about the question thingys there for emphasis) (btw my brothers blonde) \"i cunt beleve it\" \"fuk u y do u fukin care u fukin prep\" i murmured excitedly \"i care about u ur my sister i dont want u ded\" he responded me \"fuk u u dont understend\" i asnered defiantly (he realy doesnt i mean nobody does) \"i hav 2 c if they stil think im a prep give me my laptop u fukin piece of shit or il cut u up\" My bother looker scared lol and he handed my gothik MCR lptop 2 me. I got hot 4 a second bcuz i thot of Gerard Way. Then i opened it in a depressed way 2 go check my cutsters page. Then... my mom came in!111 She took my laptop again (i cudnt keep it bcuz my rists were weak frum all da cuttin but i was able 2 put my finger up at her agen) and hten i cried tears of blood but she wudnt giv it bak bcuz shes a fkn bitch[Chapter 13] AN: wtf i noticed fux it up when i use several question and yelling thingys and when i use those ... i mean i use many 4 emphases its my riting style so its rely fucked up that there changing it without consluting with the author Also stop fukin insulting my story not everything has 2 b perfekt langauges change ok Anyway we wer in da car (i didnt want 2 b there my mom is so fukn annoyin lol). I wuz wearing corsetty purple stuf n a skrit wif blak and purple tulle n purple fishentz n blak combat boobs wif purple lacin n my maskara n eyesharrow were purple wif blak eyeliner n purple lipz. \"Y da fuk r u makin me do dis\" i sighed sarkastically \"bcuz i care about u\" my mom sed \"its a suport group, ul like dis\" \"fuk u mom\" i said flapping my raven hair n leavin. The suport group wuz al prepz but i sneeked in da bakyard n it wuz ful of cool goffs!11 also Caleb wuz ther. he had blak hare wif pink n green strekz now. He wuz wearin a Blak Veil Bridez tshirt, skiny jeans wif a walet chain n convers shoez. His face was covered in eyeliner, i usd 2 think he wuz a posr but akshelly (geddit, it has hell in the middle like kinda related 2 satan wich is the oposite of god) hes kinda hot now lol \"Trailer\", he sed thotfuly \"i hope u realize now im not a posr im wif da kewl goffs n ur inci dent made me realise my goffiknes mor\" Then we startd 2 tok abou goffik fingz n he sed he wuz gay n ppl made fun of him al da tiem (im not gona make fun of him anemor cuz gay guyz r hot even tho there not gona date me lol) We n da kewl goffs looked at da support group dat was inside n they wer al ugly and preppy so we put our midel fingers up at them and laffed at them cuz there stupid an oversenstiv i mean thers nothin a prep cud b depressed about there just pretendin bcuz they want 2 b kewl like da goffs. Sum of them looked upset and we laffed mor. Calob sed \"i thot i had sumthin 4 a guy but it turned out he wuz a posr\", we al listened intently 2 him bcuz he sounded like he wuz in allot of pain. \"i tol him lots of goffik stuf n he told it 2 a bunch of prepz n now i cn never trust agen\" (guys wif low self esteem r so hot) \"and now thes posrs think im like them n it makes me want 2 kill myself... Traylor dats y u thot i was a poser\" he stared at me. \"im sory i thot u wer a posr\" i whispered sincerely A goffik gurl who wuz there sed \"wht i do wif those posrs is i put my middle finger up at them n then put stanistik curses on them and stuf\" smilin evily. We all laffed and agred wif her. An oldr guy (he wuz kinda like da teacher exept he wuz goffik n pretty yong anyway) hu was ther bcuz he cudnt stand da fukin prepz sed \"thats the best fukin idea ever keep it up\" We cranked up MCR 2 da top and we moshed like da kewl goffs we r n then we exchanged razors as a sign of foffik friendship. I went hom n i caled my dad bcuz da fuker had called me like a thousend timez and i caled him a poser n a prep n that he didnt realy unerstand me. He sed he tried 2 cal on my birfday n i tole him i didnt care unles he had sumthin kewl 2 give me. He wanted 2 giv me preppy hollister cloves so i put my midel finger up at da phone. AN: Im amlost don!111 im so proud of mahself[Chapter 14] AN: OH MY SATAN!11 (hahaha im an atheist so i dont believe in god), IF U DONT LIKE MY STORY DNT FUCKIN READ IT!11 HOW HRAD IS THAT? i dont know who Tara Glibesby is sorry i just like 2 write, not 2 read. Ur just jelous bcuz im actualy writing somethin n ur not so ur just tryin 2 make me feel bad!11 FUK U Also alot of ppl pretend 2 b depresed just not Taelor ok and LINSEY IS NOT NICE!111 SHES DA MEAN ONE SHES MEAN 2 TARYLOR TARELOR HASNT DONE ANYTHING WRONG OMFG SHES NOT A BULLY!1 Fuk of Anyway heres the story:: I took mah pilz (not da ones da dokter gave me im taking others i dnt want there drugz 2 dumb me down n numb me) n they made me feel wierd n stuf. My mom asked if i had taken my pilz n i sed \"yeah mom\" (lol technikly i wasnt lying) she tried 2 talk to me n i told her 2 shuddup bcuz shes not goffik n she doesnt understand. My mom cried preppy clear tears and i was high and stuf. She tried 2 talk 2 me agen but i wusnt lisenin. \"im glad i didnt dye my hare blond\" i sed \"im glad u didnt kil urself\" sed my mom \"lol mum ur a posr suicide is goffik\" i laffed at her mockingly I grabed my celphone that had skulz and stuf on it bcuz i got a text from Somalia. The text asked me 2 go outsid so we cud talk about stuf. I went outsid bcuz it wuz cloudy n not suny. I saw Samara n told her 2 cum inside \"i cnt\" murmured Samolia \"y not?\" i asked surprisedly \"ur goin 2 think im a posr\" she ansered ashamedly \"WTF Y WUD I THINK THAT\" i ejaculated \"Toraylor i ... created the Gerard profile\" (ok so thsi was meant 2 hav a ton of dots but idk if da site changed it fuk u) I gasped \"i pretende major fukkin hottie guy 4 u, n then i told ppl u were a posr prep\" \"ur lyin\" i whispered \"a tru goff wudnt do dat 2 a fello goff\" \"i realy wish hadnt done such a preppy fing but i did\" excreted Somora \"im sory TRAILER\" I imediately orgasmed bak 2 my house wif my high heels clacking like they do wen u run wif high heels. I hid in my bed nad i slit my rists and the blod got al over the coverz n there wuz an Evanesense song playing (i luv evanesesns). My mum took me 2 da therepy groop (she didnt kno i skipped last tiem) n i skipepd agen 2 hang wif da goffs. \"lol i havent been goin 2 school so i just lisen 2 goffik bands like Linkin Pork and Corn and i cut mahself\" Da other goffs nodded aproovingly \"wen u cum bak 2 school we can maek fun of da prepz\" smirked Caleb. He wuz so hawt, y dose he have 2 b gay. Then we started saying da fingz we shud do 2 da ppl hu cal us posrers even tho we r tru goffs. \"u shud cut ursev n pore da blod on them\" sed Caleb sexitedly \"Very gud\" sed our techer smiling n showing his fangz (he wuz a vampir 2) \"put ur midel finger up at dem\" added sum gurl \"yeah\" \"tell them there poser prepz n that they suk n they shud fuk of\" sed another goff (i havent described dis guy but hes basicaly part of the group) \"of corpse\" (hahahahha geddit) \"i fink we shud form a goffik revolushun n kik out da prepz n make them hoemles or sumthin an also distroy the stores wher they shop so they cnt b prepz anymr\" i defianted thotfully \"omfg thats a gr8 idea Taykor i fink we shud do it\" sed my teacher depressedly. Da next day i left ther n i went 2 da place wher Dani worked (he works at Hot Topik hes realy goffik) \"we came hear cuz im goffik n goffs shop at Hot Topic\" i whispered kinda smiling \"is dis about the GC consrt\" he asked afraidly \"no not realy but GC ROX!11\" i stood up n yelled \"btw did u c da video i made it wusnt realy bcuz of u i wanted u 2 kno that\" \"yeah i thot it wuz about me at frist but i dnt c how i wud trun u in2 a posr\" he sed wisely \"all da prepz r fukn asholes\" I nodded energicly n i ran home ","Summary":" AN: heyyyy this is kinda a goffik version of that movie Cyberbully which deals with important stuf "},{"Movie":"Atonement","Title":"Love Never Dies","Author":"Ninja Elsa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5815548","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and to Keira Knightley, James McAvoy, Romola Garai and the rest of the cast for bringing Joe's vision to life. All rights to those who own them. I claim nothing. A \"What if...?\" Story from HazieRox's \"What If?\" Challenge . . \"What if Robbie made it home? Love Never Dies by Ninja Elizabeth Chapter 1 Chaos June 1940 St Thomas Hospital, day Sister Marjorie Drummond sat in her office enjoying the few moments she had away from the ward floor. The war was already taking its toll on her staff of young nurses and probationers. She was relieved when she received word that her requests for help had not fallen on deaf ears and that she was not only getting more nurses but the Ward Sister she had requested. With St Thomas being designated as the processing center for the soldiers returning from Dunkirk they were beyond their capacity. * * * * Cecilia Tallis was not too happy about returning to the hospital where she had done her nurses training. It had nothing to do with her experiences or the Ward Sister in charge. In fact she was flattered that Sister Drummond had specifically asked for her. Her reluctance had more to do with one of the probationers, her sister Briony. But she was a nurse and she went where she was needed so she took a deep breath and put her personal feelings aside. Upon entering the hospital she could immediately see why Sister Drummond was so desperate for more personnel. The ward was overflowing with soldiers and the hospital staff was having trouble keeping up. She had seen an increase of activity at the EMS as well as the more severely injured had been filtered there but the sheer number of soldiers at St Thomas seemed more than the staff could handle. From her days as a probationer she knew her way around. After identifying herself at the reception desk she was told that the ward sister was in her office. She told the receptionist that she knew the way and headed for the office. She knocked firmly on the door. \"Come in,\" a familiar voice from the other side of the door responded. Cecilia entered. Sister Drummond sat at her desk and looked up heaving a sigh of relief. She hadn't changed a bit. \"Ward Sister Cecilia Tallis.\" the ward sister replied. \"Thank you for accepting my request. I've just been reviewing your record. I knew you would not disappoint me.\" \"Thank you.\" Cecilia responded. \"I was rather surprised that you recommended me so highly.\" Sister Drummond gave her a slight smile. \"You shouldn't have been. You are a fine nurse, Cecilia. In my ward you never hesitated upon making sometimes life saving decisions. You are very intuitive. I never once had to call you into my office for disciplinary matters.\" she complimented. \"When they said that they would transfer another ward sister along with a few nurses, I immediately thought of you and requested you be transferred back here. As you can see, things are rather chaotic. But you are probably used to chaos at the EMS, are you not? Another reason I wanted you here.\" \"The ward does seem to be over run. I've never seen it so full of patients.\" Cecilia replied. \"Not all of them need medical care.\" Sister Drummond responded. \"Most merely need cleaning up and a quick check up before we sign an all clear and they are sent back into the field. Those injured on the battlefields are still sent to the EMS. Those soldiers out there are from the evacuation. They just never seem to stop coming and it's taking its toll on my young inexperienced staff. I have a few stand outs, but I can't rely on them too much. Even they are not prepared for this.\" \"I don't think any of us are.\" Cecilia replied. For the next few hours, Sister Drummond went over the policies and procedures in her ward that Cecilia was now privy to as Ward Sister. Gave her the keys to access areas of the ward she now had access to, and insisted that she call her Marjorie when they were talking in the office away from the ward floor. Next came the disciplinary reports. She showed Cecilia how she like to do them and where she filed them. Cecilia was free to write them up as she saw fit. Marjorie showed her new ward sister her latest stack of disciplinary reports. Cecilia saw the name atop the first report and groaned. \"I am quite certain that Nurse Tallis no longer hears me and my words no longer register.\" Marjorie replied. \"Would you be so kind and take care of this matter?\" \"I'd rather not,\" Cecilia answered knowing full well it was more of a request rather than a question. \"I beg your pardon?\" Marjorie asked taken aback by Cecilia's response. \"I said that I'd rather not.\" Cecilia repeated. \"I also know that you were requesting rather than asking but if you don't mind, I would like to avoid Nurse Tallis as much as possible.\" \"Tallis? I should have realized. Is she related to you, Cecilia?\" \"Unfortunately, yes. She's my kid sister, and I'm not very fond of her at present.\" \"I see. I'm sorry. I'll take care of this matter.\" Marjorie replied. \"She's nothing like you. Did you know she was here?\" Cecilia nodded. \"Yes. She found my address and wrote me a letter. But I can't let my personal feelings interfere of the job I have to do. I can handle myself. I cannot say the same for her.\" Marjorie laughed. \"I understand.\" * * * * Word that a new Ward Sister had arrived spread quickly through the ward. Everyone wondered what she was like? They each had their own hopes as to what show she would run things but all could agree they wanted to be less strict than Sister Drummond. Someone had heard that she did her nurses training at St Thomas so her returning could be a good thing. Surely she had a soft spot for them and the pressures they faced. Another heard that she was transferring from the EMS near Morden. Everyone went about their duties in a frenzied pace as though to present a good impression on the new Ward Sister. It was Briony's duty at present to run the clean bed pans up to the ward to be used. She hated everything that had to do with bedpans, whether it was using them, taking the dirty ones to be cleaned or the very worst, cleaning them. Today, she was growing tired of the monotony of the back and forth her current duty required. The constant leers and cattle calls from the soldiers especially today was getting on her nerves. As she crossed the ward with cleaned bedpans in her hands, she tripped over her own feet in disbelief upon seeing the new Ward Sister walking the ward with Sister Drummond. The bedpans she had been carrying fell to the floor with a loud clang resonating throughout the ward like out of tune church bells. She quickly scrambled to pick them up and resume her duty before the Ward Sisters would be able to confront her on her clumsiness. Two sets of feet appeared in her vision. Too late. The Ward Sisters had reached her. She did not dare look up. \"Nurse Tallis.\" It was the voice of the new Ward Sister. It was a voice familiar to her but had not heard in nearly five years. It was not the comforting voice of her older sister but the new Ward Sister. \"This is a hospital. These soldiers have been through a lot on the battlefields and do not need you startling them by dropping bedpans. Please take care.\" \"Y-yes, Ce-Ward Sister.\" Briony replied catching herself before she addressed the Ward Sister by her given name. \"I'll be more careful. I'm sorry.\" \"Pick these up and get back to work.\" \"Yes, Ward Sister.\" Briony still did not look up. She saw the feet move out of her field of view and heaved a big sigh. Then she realized that the Ward Sisters might still be able to see her and picked up her pace. For the rest of her shift, Briony trekked back and forth without any more incidents. The new Ward Sister jumped right in after her tour of the ward was finished and tending to patients. She paid as little attention to Nurse Tallis as possible, however Briony was sure that Sister Tallis was watching her like a hawk. * * * * Fiona lay back in her bed, exhausted. Briony who usually sat up until 'lights out' writing lay on her bed as well. She too was exhausted from the day's shift. \"That new Ward Sister is something else!\", Fiona quipped. \"I am not sure I like her. Who does she think she is? I didn't think anyone could be worse than Sister Drummond. And to think I was actually looking forward to working with her when I first saw her. The way she treated you! She practically went out of her way to scold you when you dropped those bedpans, and then went out of her way to ignore you the rest of the day. She and Sister Drummond seemed awfully close though. Maybe she and Sister Drummond are having an affair!\" Briony sighed. Joking or not, she did not like that last remark. \"Cecilia has always been rather cold and unemotional to those she does not know and rather serious when she has her mind set. She obviously takes her job seriously. But she has a tender, nurturing side as well. When I was a little girl she would come to my room and comfort me when I had a nightmare,\" she replied. \"And she is not having an affair. She has a lover. He's a private in the Army.\" \"Cecilia?\" Fiona asked. \"Is that her name? How do you know her? She's related to you, isn't she?\" \"Cecilia Emily Tallis.\" Briony answered. \"She's my older sister. I always thought her full given name was so beautiful.\" \"Your sister?\" Fiona exclaimed not believing a sister could be so harsh on the other. \"How can she treat you like she does? She doesn't seem to be very happy to see you.\" \"That's because she isn't.\" Briony replied dryly. \"And I imagine it's not only because of our past. She's a Ward Sister, and I'm sure Sister Drummond shared my record with her. Cecilia hates me and wants nothing to do with me. I wrote to her but never received a reply. I would not be surprised if she threw the letter in the trash without opening it.\" Fiona was furious. \"I just don't understand,\" she replied. \"If I had a sister I could never hate her.\" Briony sighed. Her friend had no idea. She really didn't feel like going into her history with Fiona at the moment, but she had to be told something more. She didn't want her friend to hate Cecilia. Hating the 'Ward Sister' was one thing, her sister was another. She was sure that Sister Drummond was probably a nice lady outside of the ward. She knew her sister was. \"I did something horrible five years ago, Fiona...\" her voice trailed off. \"Something that tore our family apart. Something that she's never been able to forgive me for. Just leave it at that. We should get to sleep.\" Closing her eyes, Fiona agreed with the sleep suggestion. She would pick up the conversation at another time when she could keep her eyes open.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and to Keira Knightley, James McAvoy, Romola Garai and the rest of the cast for bringing Joe's vision to life. All rights to those who own them. I claim nothing. A \"What if...?\" Story. \"What if Robbie made it home? Love Never Dies by Ninja Elizabeth Chapter 2: Come back... come back to me. The lights of the dormitory switched on. The sleeping nurses and probationers groaned. There was one of the senior nurses standing the in t door way. \"Shift two, get dressed and report back to the ward.\" the nurse replied. Briony groaned. She and Fiona were on shift two. \"Another truckload of soldiers have arrived and the ward sisters want everyone on duty. Report to Sister Drummond for your assignments.\" The ward was in a state of chaos like they had never seen before. Some of the soldiers had been processed and sent to an awaiting troop transport for deployment. Others were given a short examination that they too were sent to the troop transport. There were more soldiers than before. Some had injuries that needed tended to r other medical matters to address. Some were merely drunk and were off to one corner singing and having a jolly of a time. This was why the Ward Sisters called for the return of shift two. Sister Drummond was overseeing the ward. Nurse Bennet was on one side and Sister Tallis the other, so it came to no surprise to Briony that she was assigned to Nurse Bennet's side. Sister Tallis tended to the soldiers alongside the nurses. Everyone worked in pairs. She was going increasingly annoyed by the young probationer working with her at the moment's constant chatter and preaching about the importance of forgiveness and family. \"Nurse Maguire, will you please shut up?\" Sister Tallis responded finally hearing enough. She could feel a migraine coming on and the nurse's chatter adding to the singing soldiers was more than she could tolerate. \"These soldiers have been through hell on the battlefield they do not need to hear you preaching to them.\" \"But you do.\" Nurse Maguire replied. \"I beg your pardon?\" Nurse Maguire took a deep breath as Sister Tallis looked at her. \"You need to hear what I have to say. You have a sister whom you've not spoken to in five years. She's here and you haven't even taken the time to greet her properly.\" \"My personal life is of no concern to you, is that clear?\" Sister Tallis replied obviously annoyed. She then turned her attention back to the large black soldier she was tending to. He was in good health and good spirits. He had a wound to his right eye. She unwrapped the once white bandage to examine it further. It did not look good. As she cleaned the wound and prepared a new dressing it was apparent that Nurse Maguire was not giving up. \"What did Briony do to you that was so horrible? Why won't you speak to her?\" she asked knowing that she would be disciplined later for pestering the Ward Sister about personal matters but to her family was the most important thing. \"I'm sorry. Please excuse me for a moment.\" Sister Tallis replied in a pleasant bedside manner to the soldier before turning to Nurse Maguire. \"If you wish to discuss this matter or anything with me, please do so on your own time and when we are not so busy. I am always willing to listen or talk but not on the ward floor. Is that clear?\" A soldier on the other side of the ward began to yell, side effects of the mental strain of war or delirium drawing both Sister Tallis' and Nurse Maguire's attention. It was not uncommon for Sister Tallis to hear such screams in the EMS. \"I'm coming home! Wait for me!\" the soldier replied at the top of his lungs. \"I've come back! I love you!\" Sister Tallis turned back to the soldier before her. He was chuckling. \"There goes again,\" he replied referring to the soldier on the other side. \"He's been like that since Dunkirk. Amazed we got him to shut up long enough to fake his well being to get him on the ship.\" Nurse Maguire turned to the soldier. \"Fake his well being?\" she asked with confusion. Sister Tallis answered. \"A price one pays in war.\" she replied. \"The wounded and sick are often left behind. \"He led us to Dunkirk,\" the black soldier continued. \"Kept talking, rambling about, as Nettle put it, some crumpet he had to return to because she was waiting for him. Figured we owed it to him to bring him home. Try and find his girl.\" Sister Tallis took a deep breath and tried her best not to think about it. She didn't want to get any hopes up. There were so many women left behind, 'his girl' could be anybody. She had heard it all before. \"Get some rest.\" Sister Tallis replied. \"You must know that your eye can not be saved. I'm going to order for a doctor to examine it further. It is probably enough for you to get discharged and return to civilian life.\" The soldier nodded. \"Thank you. Will you let me know how the Private makes out?\" \"I will.\" Sister Tallis replied before moving on. Nurse Maguire watched in awe as the Ward Sister casually went onto the next patient. She could now see how she could hate her sister. Briony said that she had a tender side but Fiona was sure it was all an act. It made her angry that someone could be that cold. The soldier on the other side continued as he resisted his treatment insisting that 'she was waiting'. \"No. I've got to go. She's waiting for me at the cottage!\" he exclaimed. \"An old cottage by the coast, white clapboard with blue painted window frames.\" Sister Tallis swallowed hard as her heart skipped a beat. It was a typical image she told herself. A delusionary image of peace, serenity. She concentrated on tending to the soldier before her. Dehydration. Malnutrition. \"Oh, that cottage sounds so wonderful,\" Nurse Maguire replied dreamily. \"Isn't it romantic? I hope he finds her.\" \"Nurse Maguire, your attention needs to be here.\" Sister Tallis scolded. \"How can you be so cold?\" Nurse Maguire snapped. \"Don't you even care?\" She didn't care if she was out of line. Briony was her friend and she did not like seeing her upset. She could not believe how opposite the two sisters were. Sister Tallis pulled Nurse Maguire aside. \"Fiona, correct?\" the ward sister asked. \"Yes.\" Fiona replied, surprised that the ward sister even knew her first name. \"Soldiers come in; we treat them and send them on their way. You tend to one then move on to the next one. Some live, some will die.\" Sister Tallis continued. \"We cannot allow ourselves to get emotionally attached to one soldier or situation. If you cannot handle that, Nurse Maguire then I suggest you find yourself another form of employment. I don't know what my sister Briony has told you about me, but I will say again, this is not the place to be discussing my private life. Now pay attention or get out of my sight.\" Fiona turned her attention to the soldier in front of them. She didn't want to start crying. She wasn't however going to let it go. She was going to wait until another time to confront the ward sister. For now she tried to focus. It wasn't until the soldier on the other side's outbursts became more violent and threatening in nature did Sister Tallis take notice and show emotion. He was apparently getting physical and Sister Drummond had rushed over to help, but she was quickly losing control of the situation. \"I should have let you drown!\" the soldier screamed. \"I should have let you drown, you jealous little bitch!\" \"Private! Unhand Nurse Tallis at once!\" Sister Drummond replied. Sister Tallis dropped what she was doing and rushed over to aid Sister Drummond, followed closely by Fiona. Inside her heart raced. She tried to calm herself. It couldn't be... she wanted it so much but she dared not hope. It had just become a dream. She was on the verge of accepting the fact that she would be alone. Marjorie needs your help she told herself as they reached the soldier who had his hands firmly gripped around Briony's throat. As expected much to Fiona's disgust, Sister Tallis paid little attention or concern about her sister. She was however taken aback by the way she shoved Sister Drummond out of the way. Sister Drummond was about to protest when she noticed the tears forming in Sister Tallis' eyes. The harsh exterior of 'Ward Sister' was gone, to expose the vulnerable Cecilia as she placed a tender hand on the soldier's cheek. \"Robbie,\" Cecilia replied through her tears with heartfelt tenderness. \"Robbie, come back. Come back to me.\" The soldier's grip on Nurse Tallis' neck loosened just enough for her to break free. Gasping and choking for air she allowed herself to be attended to by her friend and Sister Drummond. Cecilia caressed the soldier's bearded cheek. He had a temperature and was still in a state of delirium. \"Robbie, I'm here. I've been waiting for you. I love you. Come back to me.\" He blinked and seemed to be confused by his surroundings. He saw the nurse beside him and smiled. \"Two sugars please, Cecilia,\" he replied before passing out. Cecilia snickered as she made him as comfortable as possible. Sister Drummond watched as Cecilia gently lay the soldier down. She then turned to the nurses gathered and began barking orders for them to bring items so she could treat the soldier's infection. Sister Drummond was impressed and yet she wasn't. It was exactly why she had requested Cecilia personally. Regardless of her personal feelings, Cecilia was a professional. Cecilia turned back to the soldier and began to unbutton his shirt to search for the offending infection. She did not have to look far. Right there in the center of his chest just under his solar plexus was a red puss filled would and by the looks of it, it had been festering for quite some time. She pulled out the soldier's ID tags to make note of his name for the medical records. She did not have to look back and forth to copy the number or spelling of his name. It was a number she had memorized. '6445891' Turner, Robert Ernest. She cried as she examined the infected wound. The nurses returned with the items she had ordered and she thanked them. As she lovingly tended to Robbie's wound she knew that he might not make it. She had seen many soldiers with lesser infections die under her care. He was feverish and delirious which meant that the infection has spread. She found that there was a piece of shrapnel in the wound and proceeded to remove it after applying local anesthetic. Robbie barely stirred. She did her best to make him comfortable by wiping his neck and face with a cool towel. It gave her a little bit of comfort to think that he did see and recognize her before passing out.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and to Keira Knightley, James McAvoy, Romola Garai and the rest of the cast for bringing Joe's vision to life. All rights to those who own them. I claim nothing. A \"What if...?\" Story. \"What if Robbie made it home? Love Never Dies by Ninja Elizabeth Chapter 3: Confrontation By the time morning arrived things had calmed down. Shift two was finally allowed to return to their interrupted slumber as shift one arrived to relieve them. Word was spreading that the evacuation was ending soon as the Germans were closing in and it was getting too dangerous to continue pulling out the troops. Sister Drummond had found the time to get some sleep. She returned to the ward refreshed and ready to start over. She found Sister Tallis asleep at the bedside of Private Turner. She could tell that her ward sister had cried herself to sleep. She checked the soldier's condition before attempting to wake the sleeping ward sister. He was doing much better. Although his fever had not quite broken it had gone down significantly. She called over Nurse Bennet who was just starting her second shift asking her to fetch another tray of ice and fresh towels. While she waited, Sister Drummond changed the dressing on the soldier's wound careful not to disturb him or the sleeping Cecilia. The soldier's tenacity to fight the infection amazed her. His love for the young woman sleeping at his beside must have been what was pulling him through, she thought. Nurse Bennet returned with the ice and towels. She had also brought along a few other supplies she thought Sister Drummond might need. Sister Drummond allowed herself a smile. She knew that she did not have to ask. \"Nurse Bennet, will you stay at Private Turner's side until Sister Tallis returns?\" \"Of course.\" Nurse Bennet replied. \"Are you going to make sure she gets some proper rest? She's been at his side most of the night. She's 'the crumpet' isn't she?\" \"I beg your pardon?\" Nurse Bennet chuckled. \"I tended to a soldier last night. He's got an infected toe; he hates his boots and pleaded with me to let him stay a few days. I told him I would allow it,\" she replied. \"He said that the private was always thinking of and reading letters from his 'crumpet' he left behind.\" She shook her head. \"If Private Turner awakens and asks for Cecilia tell him that she is resting and will be back.\" Cecilia yawned and stretched. Her body ached. She looked to the soldier sleeping before her. Robbie. He was still there. It wasn't a dream. He came back. \"Cecilia,\" sister Drummond replied softly. \"Why don't you go to the office and take a rest on the hide-away. You will feel much better. Freshen up a bit. Nurse Bennet will watch over Robbie while you are gone.\" She didn't want to leave Robbie's side, but lying on a bed did sound nice. She also knew how much trust Marjorie had in Nurse Bennet. She checked Robbie's temperature before turning to Nurse Bennet. \"I want to be informed the instant there is any change, is that clear?\" \"Of course.\" Nurse Bennet replied. \"Now go and get some rest. I'll watch over him.\" Cecilia caressed his cheek and leaned over to whisper in his ear. \"I'll be back, darling. I love you.\" She stood up and watched him sleep for a few moments. She noticed that shift one and shift three were on duty. That meant that shift two had returned to sleep. Instead of heading to the office to rest she headed to the nurses dormitories. Briony was exhausted. Her legs ached. After the incident with the soldier, both she and Fiona had been assigned to the bedpans. Briony cleaned them, while Fiona brought the dirty ones to the wash area. Briony was sure they were being punished. Thank goodness, she thought as she climbed into her bed. Fiona was equally exhausted and had already fallen asleep. She was sure that if her friend had not fallen asleep she would get an earful about what had happened. Normally she didn't mind her friend's good nature but right now she wanted nothing more than to sleep. She had just begun to drift off when she heard the door open. She paid no attention. She heard footsteps coming toward her. \"Nurse Tallis, wake up.\" Briony stirred but did not wake up. Surely they were not being asked to work a third shift. She had to be dreaming. \"Briony!\" the voice responded again. That was Cecilia. Briony bolted upright, eyes wide open to see that her sister was standing next to her bed and did not look at all happy. \"Get dressed and meet me in the office. I wish to speak with you.\" With that, Cecilia turned and left. Briony wasn't quite sure it was real until Fiona stirred and sat up. \"Briony? Was that your sister? What does she want? Can't it wait?\" She was already up and dressed. She had never dressed so fast in her life but she did know one thing, Ward Sister or blood sister, she did not want to keep either sister waiting long. Briony was out the door before Fiona could fully wake up. * * * * * * * Cecilia paced back and forth in front of the desk as she waited for her sister to arrive. She been told to get some rest but she wanted to get the conversation with her sister over with. She had been successful in ignoring her and putting it off until the arrival of Robbie. Now she felt she was forced to deal with it, especially after the way her sister handled the situation. Hearing the door latch she stopped. It was her sister. She never knocked. \"Enter and shut the door behind you, Briony.\" Cecilia replied coldly. It was quite clear by the way Cecilia said her given name, Briony thought, that it was her blood sister speaking and not the Ward Sister. Briony took a deep breath. She had hoped it would be Ward Sister Tallis addressing her. Discipline she could handle. She was not ready for the confrontation that was sure to follow. She knew it would happen one day. She often wrote about it to prepare for the day. It didn't help. Now was the time and it was nothing at all like the half dozen or so scenarios she had written. \"What did you tell your friend, Nurse Fiona Maguire about me?\" Cecilia asked. \"Nothing, Cee.\" \"Don't call me that.\" she snapped. \"Please don't ever call me that.\" Briony took a deep breath. 'Cee' was the nickname everyone in the family had always called Cecilia. Finally, she spoke, her voice shaking. \"I am very sorry for the terrible thing I did and to have caused you so much pain. What I did was horrible. I don't expect you to forgive me.\" \"Oh don't worry, I won't.\" Cecilia responded with a hurt and anger in her voice that Briony was completely unprepared for. \"I'll do anything.\" Briony pleaded. \"Anything to give you and Robbie the chance for the happiness you deserve. It's all I care abou--\" \"Listen to yourself.\" Cecilia interrupted. \"You sound pathetic, like a two penny novel.\" \"I don't mean to.\" Briony replied trying to convince her sister of her sincerity. \"There's nothing to make up in this world. It's happening. Once you set the events in motion, things happen. If you don't like the outcome you can't just tear out the page and start over.\" \"I know that.\" Briony replied. She could see the anger building inside her sister and she didn't know what to say. Cecilia did however. \"Did you know the soldier who attacked you was Robbie?\" \"Yes.\" \"Did it ever occur to you to call over another nurse to treat him?\" \"No.\" \"What were you thinking?\" Cecilia screamed furious. \"I was thinking like a nurse.\" Briony responded confident with her answer. \"No you weren't.\" Cecilia rejected. \"You were only thinking of yourself as usual, you jealous little bitch! You were thinking that if you nursed him back to health that we would be indebted to you and we would forgive you. Well that's not going to happen.\" Briony had never heard her sister curse before. She could not say anything nor could she deny what her sister had said. Cecilia was not finished. \"Did it ever occur to you that Robbie could quite possibly hate you more than I do?\" \"No, I mean, yes.\" Cecilia sighed. \"You have absolutely no idea of the pain you've caused him, the pain you've caused me or the damage you've done, do you?\" Briony took a deep breath. It was now or never. She had been thinking about it almost constantly ever since she gathered up the courage to ask for her sister's address and write. She wondered if Cecilia had gotten the letter. \"I want to go in front of a judge and change my evidence.\" She replied hoping it would be good news to her sister. \"You're an unreliable witness,\" Cecilia responded turning her back to her sister so she would not see her cry. \"They'd never reopen the case.\" \"Well, I can at least go home and tell everyone. Mummy, daddy, Leon...\" \"They won't want to hear it.\" Cecilia responded turning back to face her younger sister wiping her tears. \"All that unpleasantness has been neatly tidied away in the past. Thank you very much.\" Briony looked at her sister. It was almost too much to handle seeing her usually strong willed sister cry. Cecilia began to pace back and forth like a caged animal, fists clenching and unclenching. She looked at the wall as she paced, not looking at Briony. \"I'll be honest with you,\" she replied pacing trying to contain her rage. \"I'm torn between breaking your neck right here or taking you down to the surgical wing to experiment with all the razor sharp objects stored there. I was perfectly happy living my life, then you had to search for me and write me that letter. I tried to joke about it to Robbie... your becoming a nurse. But do you want to know the truth? It makes me sick. When I left home I had no idea what I wanted. I just wanted to be away from all of you. I made the decision to be a nurse because it was something I thought I wanted to do. And I found that I like it. I have decided to make a career out of it. You. All your life you've dreamed of being a writer. You were always writing those stupid little stories. Why are you here? Why did you give up your position at Cambridge?\" Briony stood her ground, trying not to show her fear. She had no idea what she could say that would not further enrage her sister so she remained silent. \"Do you know what it's like to be in love?\" her sister asked tenderly. \"To finally admit the feelings that you've kept locked up for so long? To finally confess your feelings to the man you love and give yourself to him?\" \"No,\" Briony admitted. \"No, you wouldn't.\" Cecilia snipped. \"Love isn't like those stories you write, Briony. Life doesn't happen that way.\" \"They're just stories, Cecilia.\" \"Is that what you were thinking?\" Her older sister asked. \"When you witnessed what you thought was happening by the fountain that day, is that what you were thinking?'Oh this would make for a lovely story!' Do you have any idea what it's like to live in a house where everyone you care about turns against the man you love and thinks you're a foolish lovesick child for defending him? Tell me, did it give you pleasure to think of me, holed up in my bedroom, alone, lonely and heartbroken crying myself to sleep every night?\" \"No.\" Briony was in shock. She had never seen such an explosion of emotions in anyone, especially her older sister. Her sister was going from anger one moment, hurt the next, fuming with anger, then in tears. She didn't know what to say. All of this emotion boiling under the surface was caused by her. \"But you never came to me...\" Cecilia' voice trailed off as she gave up trying to hold back her tears and cried openly. \"I was always there for you. I was always there to comfort you after your nightmares. Where were you to comfort me? You never came to comfort me or tell me that you were sorry.\" \"I'm sorry.\" Briony replied trying to move in closer to comfort her sister. \"It's too late for that!\" Cecilia screamed, heartbreak again turning to anger. \"Don't you understand?\" \"Yes.\" Tears flowed down her face. \"Do you think Robbie assaulted our cousin?\" \"No\" \"Did you think it then?\" \"Yes. Yes and no. I wasn't certain.\" \"And what makes you so certain now?\" Cecilia asked. \"Growing up.\" Briony answered. \"Growing up?\" Cecilia spit back with disgust. \"I was thirteen!\" Cecilia laughed. \"You're eighteen now. How old do you have to be to know the difference between right and wrong? Do you have to be eighteen before you can hone up to a lie?\" she asked. \"There are soldiers of eighteen fighting overseas, old enough to die in my arms from wounds suffered on the battlefield because they sacrificed themselves to save others... people they hardly knew. Did you know that?\" \"Yes.\" Of course, she did. She was a nurse too. She had had soldiers die in her arms. \"I'm... I'm so sorry for what I did.\" \"Five years ago you didn't care about telling the truth. You and your stupid fantasies. You just assumed it was him because you witnessed things you did not understand and fancied yourself 'older and mature'. You always had to be the heroine, the beautiful princess. You were jealous that night because the 'dashing prince' was paying attention to me, not you. He loved me, not you. So you came up with the idea that he must have been attacking me and needed to protect me. I didn't need protection from him! I willingly did all the things you accuse him of! I took my clothes off at the fountain! I offered myself to him in the library! Robbie did not force me to do anything ! Thanks to you, mother, father, everyone, they were able to close ranks and throw him to the fucking wolves!\" Briony let out a scream and raised her arms up to protect her head as Cecilia took a step towards her. She was certain her sister was going to strike her. The door burst opened. Two people entered, two voices spoke at once. \"Sister Tallis! She's your sister!\" \"Sister Tallis! He's awake!\" Cecilia registered only one word. 'Awake.' She froze, hand raised and clamed instantly. She turned away from her sister and headed toward the door which was being blocked by Nurse Maguire. Fiona tried to get a word in but was shoved into the door frame by Sister Tallis as she passed her. The nurse who relayed the message followed Sister Tallis out as Briony heaved a huge sigh of relief and slumped to the floor.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and to Keira Knightley, James McAvoy, Romola Garai and the rest of the cast for bringing Joe's vision to life. All rights to those who own them. I claim nothing. A \"What if...?\" Story. \"What if Robbie made it home? Love Never Dies by Ninja Elizabeth Chapter 4: Reunion Robbie sat up and sipped the hot cup of Earl Grey tea he had asked for. He still didn't feel very good but he always liked the way hot tea felt going down when he was sick. When he was sick his mother would make him tea. He missed drinking hot tea. He didn't get tea or any hot drinks in prison. In the Army tea was a luxury and a lowly Private such as himself was never able to acquire any. When he was able to get some it tasted horrible and there was no sugar. He liked his tea with two sugars. The nice nurse at his side when he woke up made it for him and put in the sugar he asked for. As he savored his tea he thought of the last time he had had a decent cup. It was with Cecilia the last time he had seen her at the teahouse. He smiled as he remembered the vision of her standing there looking at him in her nurse's uniform. With his cup to his lips, there over the rim, he saw it. His vision, his beautiful nurse was walking toward him with that tall, deliberate, sexy stride of hers. He closed his eyes tightly. He didn't want it to be a dream. So many times he had dreamed of the day when he would see his Cecilia again. So many times he would dream of her there with him only to be awakened by Mace's snoring or Nettle talking in his sleep somewhere in France on the way to Dunkirk. Was she really walking toward him? It had to be real this time. He smelled tea, hot tea, under his nose. He opened his eyes. His vision was at his side smiling at him. He just stared. Cecilia chuckled at the sight of Robbie, blue eyes staring at her over the rim of cup of tea. \"Robbie, has the cup stuck to your lips?\" He lowered the cup and giggled sheepishly not realizing that he had been frozen like that staring at her over the rim of his cup. Cecilia took the cup from his hands and placed it on the saucer. She cupped his bearded face in her hands and leaned of and kissed him. \"You look terrible. Don't smell so good either, darling.\" She teased. \"I hope you haven't grown too attached to that beard. I hate it.\" \"You look the same.\" he smiled. \"And you don't smell so good either. As for the beard it's attached to my face.\" Cecilia chuckled then turned to Nurse Bennet. \"Would you be so kind as to fetch the shaving kit from my foot locker?\" she asked. \"There is also a small wrapped package tied with blue and green ribbon. Bring that as well.\" \"I will,\" with that Nurse Bennet left Cecilia with the soldier. Robbie raised a finger to wipe away Cecilia's tears. \"Please don't cry, Cee.\" He replied tenderly. \"I hate seeing you cry.\" \"I'm sorry. But they aren't all for you. I was talking to Briony.\" \"So she was here.\" Robbie replied. \"Did I hurt her?\" \"Would it matter?\" Cecilia responded. \"She would have deserved it.\" \"Yes, it would matter. I've already been sent to prison for a crime I didn't commit. I don't want to go for one that I did.\" He replied. \"I'm sorry. She just frustrates me so.\" She responded. \"I almost hit her. I probably would have if Nurse Bingley did not enter when she did to tell me you had awakened. And no, darling, you did not hurt anything more than her pride.\" Robbie looked down at his chest. His wound was no longer staring at him. It was now concealed under a bandage. It still hurt but it was a nice kind of healing hurt not tormenting him like it had been during the trek to the shore. He was certain that his wound had been cleaned and dressed. He suspected the piece of shrapnel had been taken out as well. He looked at the nurse beside him. It was Cecilia. It still didn't seem real. \"You're not out of the woods yet. Your infection has spread and still may attack your system. Your fever is down but not yet completely broken.\" she replied wiping his face with a cool towel. \"The piece of shrapnel has been removed and your wound has been cleaned, but until the infection clears we cannot stitch you up. You've made it this far. Please don't give up now.\" Robbie smiled and placed a hand on Cecilia's cheek. \"Cee, do you have to talk to me like a nurse?\" he asked. \"I've missed you. I thought of you, read your letters and/or looked at the picture you gave me every day.\" Cecilia cried. She knew that she shouldn't kiss him while on duty but she didn't care. She leaned in and kissed him again, more passionately than the first time. \"I love you. I've missed you.\" It wasn't Nurse Bennet who brought the shaving kit. It was Sister Drummond. She set it down next to the bowl of what was once ice then turned her attention to Cecilia. \"You know it's against regulations to bring personal items into the ward.\" Cecilia looked at Sister Drummond. She wondered if she had seen her kissing Robbie. \"I've been certified to shave faces. It's something we do at the EMS. Barber services.\" She replied. \"Sometimes all a soldier really needs to feel better is a haircut and a close shave. I'm hopeless when it comes hair but I can give a man a shave that will rival any barber.\" \"I never thought of that, but that does make sense. Sometimes I think, here in the ward, we forget that the soldiers are only human after all. Something like a close shave could work wonders.\" \"Exactly. Take Private Turner, for example.\" Cecilia thought it funny to call the one she had know all her life as simply 'Robbie', 'Private Turner'. \"I'm sure like many of the normally clean shaven soldiers I've shaved, the beard feels heavy. It's itchy and scratchy and one just wants to rip it off. He feels filthy and unclean.\" Robbie was nodding. Cecilia put it into words perfectly. She did understand. Sister Drummond allowed herself a little laugh. She turned to the Private. \"Now I want you to behave yourself and I will allow Sister Tallis to give you a shave. Don't do anything that will get yourself in more trouble.\" Not that he was in any trouble, but she was in a good mood and felt like teasing her Ward Sister and her lover. Marjorie then turned to Cecilia. She slipped a small package wrapped in brown paper tied with blue and green ribbons into her hand and whispered in her ear. \"After his shave I want you to promise me you are going straight to the office and have a rest on the hide-away bed.\" \"I promise,\" Cecilia replied. With that said, Sister Marjorie Drummond walked away. Robbie picked up his now lukewarm cup of tea and drank it. It still tasted better than anything he had in a long time. He watched Cecilia as she opened her shaving kit and prepared to shave his face. He was excited. He had always shaved himself. He never had the luxury of being able to afford or to have the time of going into town to a barber. The first time he had had anyone else shave him was in prison. He hated the prison barber. He always ended up cutting his face. He continued to watch Cecilia as she fluffed out a small sheet and tied it around his neck. She then, with the care and precision that came with her being a nurse he was certain, laid out the instruments she needed from her kit. Cecilia paused a moment from her ritual and looked at Robbie. She smiled at him. He looked away sheepishly, knowing he had been staring. She laughed and went back to preparing for his shave. He felt silly at how excited it made him to watch Cecilia prepare the shaving soap but he couldn't help himself. He had only shaved on the battlefield only when it was absolutely necessary. It wasn't sanitary and there usually wasn't must time. He had to do it dry. He hated that most of all. There was also something slightly erotic about the way Cecilia stropped the straight razor on the sharpening leather, or it was just the lack of any female contact for the past five years, replaying the same fantasies with Cecilia over and over that something new excited him. The words of the prison psychiatrist taunted him. 'The subject may become dangerously inflamed should he see her.' Robbie burst out laughing. \"What's so funny, darling?\" Cecilia asked turning toward him with the cup of shaving soap and brush in hand. \"Nothing, Cee,\" he answered. \"My mind was just wandering, that's all. I always shaved myself until I went to prison. I haven't had a decent shave since I left the bungalow that hot summer afternoon for dinner. And never in my wildest fantasies did I ever think of you giving me a shave.\" Cecilia smiled as she began to lather up his face. \"And what kind of things did I do in your wild fantasies then?\" She asked out of curiosity. Robbie flushed with embarrassment but it couldn't be seen as his face was buried under the cool lather. \"Um, you gave me a foot massage and a pedicure once.\" He answered with one of the tamer fantasies. \"Did I paint your toenails too?\" She asked sparing him having to answer by tilting his head back. \"Now hold still.\" Robbie relaxed under the care of his barber, his nurse, his beautiful Cecilia as she ran the blade across his whiskers. The feel of the clean cold steel against his skin was wonderful. No wonder men liked to have a barber shave them. Had always considered it a 'lazy luxury' but now he could see why one would pay someone to give them a shave. When she was done she had a bowl of ice cold water for him to rinse his face off waiting for him. The shock of the cold water on his now naked cheeks was heavenly. He could feel his face again. His beard was gone. She handed him a soft towel to pad his face dry. Cecilia handed him the small package that Marjorie has slipped her in exchange for the towel. \"What's this?\" Robbie asked with excitement. A present! \"I bought it for you,\" she replied softly. \"I had planned to give it to you when we met up at the cottage.\" Excitedly, like a little boy on Christmas morning, Robbie tugged at the ribbons. Blue and green, he noted, their favorite colors intertwined as one. He tore at the paper. It was aftershave lotion. He stared at it for a while. \"I didn't know what to get you, I'm sorry.\" Cecilia replied. \"No! It's a wonderful gift!\" Robbie replied sincerely as he opened it. He wanted to smell it and put some on. It smelled and felt so much nicer than the usual cheap astringent he used. \"Thank you. I'm afraid I don't, and probably wouldn't have had anything for you.\" Cecilia cupped his cheek. \"It's all right. Seeing and spending time with you would have been all I needed.\" She kissed his cheek before moving to his lips. She kissed him as though she didn't have a care in the world. The man she loved was home, and at the moment it was all that mattered. The aftershave lotion smelled nice on him, not too perfumed and not like medicine. Finally she pulled away. \"Robbie?\" \"Yes?\" \"I love you.\" Robbie smiled. \"I love you, Cecilia.\" She cupped his clean shaven face in her hands. He almost looked like her Robbie again. He needed a haircut. She leaned in and gave him a quick kiss before turning to her shaving things and begun to clean up. She then turned back to Robbie. She did her best to fix his hair but it was hopeless. He chuckled. She kissed him again then tucked him in before leaving his side.[Chapter 5] Disclaimer Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and to Keira Knightley, James McAvoy, Romola Garai and the rest of the cast for bringing Joe's vision to life. All rights to those who own them. I claim nothing. A \"What if...?\" Story. \"What if Robbie made it home? Love Never Dies by Ninja Elizabeth Chapter 5: Heartbreak It had been a couple weeks since the end of the evacuation and most of the soldiers were gone. Some had been deployed to continue fighting while others were discharged from the Army due to their debilitating injuries to return to their civilian lives. Life in the ward was back to normal capacity and less chaotic. Cecilia had spent as much time as she could tending to and caring for Robbie without compromising her duties. She was his primary care nurse and when she was not on duty to tend to him it was Sister Drummond, Nurse Bennet or Nurse Bingley that she trusted with him. She had met the two members of Robbie's unit that brought him home, Frank Mace whose eye injury was enough receive a discharge from the Army and Thomas Nettle whose toe infection had been caused by ill fitting boots. He had reassigned to another battalion and shipped out. Robbie was doing splendidly. He was feeling more like himself. His wound had been stitched up and was healing nicely after the doctors believed he had beaten the infection. He looked forward to Cecilia's little visits. She would pass him and give him a little glance or shy smile. Sometimes she would quickly kiss him before moving on. After seeing her give him a shave many of the other soldiers asked for one so she spent a lot of time shaving. He was still amazed at her skill and it still amused him. Cecilia Tallis, barber. At the end of every shift she come over and gave him a kiss and tucked him in. Today was different. He watched her as she went about her duties, tending to patients, shaving faces and running the ward. Several times she passed him by, not looking at him. She didn't smile at him; she didn't come and give him little kisses. The other nurses trusted to his care tended to him, even those who had not cared for him before. When her shift was over she seemed to rush out of the ward without seeing him. Robbie was hurt, and concerned by her sudden change in behavior. * * * * * * * Fiona was off. She noticed that Sister Tallis was leaving as well and heading for the office. She decided that now was the time to confront the Ward Sister about her relationship with her sister. Briony, who had been asked by Sister Drummond to work an extra shift due to her understanding of French, noticed Fiona going after Cecilia. She had noticed how much attention her sister normally spent on Robbie; the stolen glances, the little kisses, and tucking him in when she left the ward floor. She did none of that all day. Something had changed. Something was wrong. This was the Sister Tallis her friend was about to confront and it wasn't a good idea. Briony dropped what she was doing and went after her friend. She was sure Sister Drummond would understand her reasons for abandoning her post. They reached the office at the same time. Briony begged her friend not to enter, but she was determined. \"I'm going to have a talk with your sister. She said I could come and talk on my own time. I'm not on duty but you are. You had better get back to the ward before you get in trouble.\" Fiona replied. Briony did not listen. She followed Fiona in as she opened the door. \"Sister Tallis!\" Fiona responded as she entered. \"I would like to speak to you. You said I could come on my own time. My shift is over.\" Sister Tallis looked up and wiped the tears from her eyes. She saw Nurse Maguire before her and her sister behind her. She folded the letter she had been reading and put it aside. It took her a few moments before she could compose herself enough to speak. \"I'm sorry, Nurse Maguire. I am aware of what I said but now is not a good time.\" \"Now is as good a time as ever,\" Fiona replied feeling confident. She was surprised with herself being so confident. Over the past few days she had witnessed Sister Tallis tend to Private Turner, even sneak in a few kisses. The way she continued to ignore Briony offended her and she grew more and more determined to confront the ward sister about her behavior. \"If I may speak freely, Sister Tallis, I think that it's incredibly selfish and unfair of you to treat your sister the way you do.\" She could not make her tears stop as she looked at Nurse Maguire. \"Do you know what is unfair?\" she asked sobbing. \"It is unfair that a young man in the prime of his life with the opportunity to better himself and hopes for the future by attending medical school, having finally confessed his love to the woman of his dream and have that woman return his affections to have it all stripped away in one fateful evening because of the lies of a selfish child. Everything. His love, his dreams of the future... his freedom. All taken away. All because of a single lie. All because of a jealous little sister who thought she knew more than she did and fancied herself her sister's protector. A younger sister who lived her life in her own fantasies and dreams ruined the life of not only her older sister who loved her but the man she loved and single handedly torn a once close knit family apart. That is what is unfair.\" \"You're talking about your sister aren't you?\" Fiona asked. \"Isn't it time you forgave her? You said it yourself that you were once close. Why not give her another chance? You've seen enough death as a nurse. You might not get the chance with this war. What matters now is the present, not the past.\" \"But the past does matter.\" Cecilia replied. \"It doesn't matter that Private Turner never disobeyed orders and received high marks and praise from his superior officers. It doesn't matter that Private Turner led Corporals Frank Mace and Thomas Nettle across the French countryside to the shores of Dunkirk when they were separated from their unit. It doesn't matter that the Corporals followed Private Turner willingly and never once did Private Turner take advantage of his authority. None of that matters. No. The only thing that matters now is the label placed on him by being falsely accused of a crime he did not commit before he joined the Army from prison. Don't you dare tell me to forgive my sister! Don't you fucking tell me that the past doesn't matter! Now get out!\" Briony had expected her sister's angry outburst during their conversation, but this outburst was completely unexpected. She hoped her friend would not say a word and simply leave. She was relieved when Fiona slipped out of the office. Briony was now alone with her sister in the office as she sat at the desk sobbing. She quietly walked over to the desk and picked up the letter Cecilia had been reading. She unfolded it and read it. She felt a bit guilty as reading a letter meant for her sister was how it all began. It was a letter not addressed to Cecilia herself but \"Ward Sister\". It was from the prison. According to the letter, prison officials were arriving on the 21st of June to pick up Robbie. She set the letter down and looked at her sobbing sister. It was then that she noticed the planning calendar on the Ward Sister's desk. Cecilia had been given a week holiday starting on the 21st of June. It was then that she noticed the date. It was the 20th of June. Cecilia had one more day with Robbie and she had ignored him her entire shift. Briony was sure she had hoped to take Robbie out for her holiday. She took a deep breath. \"Cee, you haven't told Robbie yet, have you?\" she asked. \"I don't know how.\" Cecilia sobbed. \"After everything he's been through, after everything he's done, how can they take him back to prison? I've witnessed Army Command come in and award medals to soldiers who have done less than what Robbie did. Robbie gets nothing! It's not fair. I love him. I waited for him.\" Briony took a chance, approached her sister and rubbed her back. She was not pushed away. Her sister continued to speak through her sobbing. \"Today, I couldn't even bring myself to look at him. He's been so cheerful since he's been here. Everybody has commented to me about how much they like him. I can't watch them take him away from me again. I just can't.\" She replied. \"I kept telling myself if I ignore him today, I can go on my holiday, come back and he'll be gone. I can tell myself that it was all just another dream.\" \"Cecilia, you know you'll regret not seeing him off, and you are not going to forgive yourself.\" Briony replied. She knew that didn't sound good but she didn't know what else to say. It broke her heart to see her older sister's tears. It broke her heart to know that she was partially responsible, mostly responsible for them. Cecilia continued to cry. \"Why did they have to pick tomorrow to take him away from me again? Why did they have to pick the 21st of June? It might have been easier if it was not June 21st.\" It suddenly dawned on Briony the significance of the date. It was a hot summer day in 1935 that the housekeeper's son and the master's eldest daughter finally confessed their love for each other. Two figures by the fountain. Robbie and Cecilia in the library. Two lovers torn apart by the misguided jealous intentions of a child. All because of a lie. June 21, 1935. Briony wrapped her arms around her sister and Cecilia leaned into the embrace.[Chapter 6] Disclaimer Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and to Keira Knightley, James McAvoy, Romola Garai and the rest of the cast for bringing Joe's vision to life. All rights to those who own them. I claim nothing. A \"What if...?\" Story. \"What if Robbie made it home? Love Never Dies by Ninja Elizabeth Chapter 6: Hope Robbie awoke feeling clean and refreshed. He looked at the nurse sitting at his bedside and immediately filled with rage. Nurse B. Tallis. Briony. Like the day of his arrival when he actually attempted it, he wanted to strangle her. But then he remembered his dream. He smiled. It wasn't a dream. It had been real after all. \"Where's Cecilia?\" Robbie asked just to give Briony a bit of a fright. Briony's heart sank. Had her sister not visited? Had she not talked to him? \"Cecilia went on holiday.\" She answered. \"Didn't she tell you I would be here at your side this morning?\" Robbie smiled. \"Yes, she told me. I just kind of hoped.\" \"She's actually managed to get the whole week off.\" Briony replied. \"Originally I think she was planning on going to her friend's cottage, but I think now she's going to visit your mother.\" \"Do you think my mother knows that I'm back?\" \"I don't know, but hopefully it will be Cecilia who can break the good news.\" she replied. \"Bad news. I'm not coming home.\" Robbie responded. \"But I'm really glad that Cee visits my mother. When she would visit me in prison she would always tell me how much she enjoyed seeing her.\" Briony took a deep breath. \"I'm sorry, Robbie. I know and understand that you hate me, but I am really sorry.\" Robbie nodded. \"Cee told me that she still hates you and hasn't forgiven you. But you are her sister and she loves you because of that. I can accept that. Know that I still hate you and can't forgive you yet either.\" \"I understand. I don't expect either of you to forgive me.\" Briony replied. \"I noticed Cee ignoring you all day yesterday and knew there was something wrong. I told her that she couldn't just let you go without seeing you off somehow.\" \"Thank you.\" He replied. \"She told me about your plans to try and free me.\" \"Then she did see you last night.\" Robbie tugged on his blanket to reveal his freshly pedicured feet and painted toenails. Briony wasn't even going to ask why her sister had painted Robbie's toes. Breakfast was served and Robbie ate hungrily. Hospital food was by no means delicious but it certainly was better than anything he ate in the Army which was only slightly better than what he was served in prison. He savored the meal as though it was his last. When he was done he turned back to Briony. \"Do you have to work today?\" he asked. \"I have a night shift. I just got off a few hours ago. Cee asked me if I could wait up with you so you wouldn't be alone when they came for you. You don't mind me being here do you?\" \"She did tell me. I would rather have her at my side but I understand her reasons for not wanting to be here. I can still see the look on her face when they took me away five years ago.\" he replied. \"I'm glad for the company. Will you thank her for me?\" \"I will. She also wanted me to tell you she loves you and to remember this date not for what is to happen but what happened five years ago in the library.\" \"The date?\" Robbie asked. \"It's June 21st, Robbie. That's why she was so upset about today.\" \"I didn't realize that.\" he responded. \"Hopefully they will allow me to write to her, openly. While I'll admit it was fun to read and decipher the codes and it gave me an excuse to read her letters over and over again, I would like to simply write 'Cecilia, I love you'.\" \"Code?\" Briony asked. \"I was getting letters from my mother. But I wasn't getting any letters from Cee.\" Robbie replied. \"I guess she figured out that our correspondence was being monitored from my mother since she was visiting and must have heard from her that she received letters from me. I finally received a letter from her and I recall being so excited. Instead of a lovely letter it was a boring clinical description of her medical studies in her nurses training. It was written in the coldest and dry tone I didn't know what to make of it. I was kind of hurt. I had expected a love letter; instead I got a boring account of her studies. In her next letter she told me that she had found a new green dress and was writing me from a dark corner of the library. She told me that my mother had given her my copy of Grey's Anatomy and how my notes that I had left in the pages helped her with her studies. The letter I had meant to give to Cee that day five years ago was left on my book. It was then that I realized what her 'medical studies' actually meant. I was going to go to medical school. So by her mentioning 'medical studies' she was thinking of me. Intercourse described in a purely clinical sense is rather disgusting.\" Briony faked laughter. She had no idea what Robbie was talking about really. \"After I realized that she was writing in code, we developed our own way of saying the things to each other that we could not actually say. 'I love you' for me was 'I wish I had a cigarette', and for her it was mentioning flowers. As I said, medical studies was her way of telling me she was thinking of me, I wanted to smell freshly cut grass. Our code for making love was 'a dark corner to read'. \"They only monitored your correspondence from my sister?\" \"Yes. My mother could write me and say, 'Cecilia came to visit and told me to tell you 'I love you'' but Cecilia couldn't write that in her letters...\" \"I have an idea. When you get the chance to write, send a letter to your mother, me and Cecilia all at the same time. Send both mine and Cee's letters, here to the hospital. Don't censor your letter to her but don't go overboard. If she doesn't get a letter than we will know that you are being monitored again.\" Robbie nodded and closed his eyes. He relaxed and thought of Cecilia... He had just begun to doze off convinced that Cecilia was not going to visit him. She was avoiding him, but why? His mind raced with all sorts of scenarios. It had been found out that they were lovers and she was forbidden to see him. Or worse, she had another lover and could no longer pretend to love him. Now that he was feeling better she had no need to have any contact with him. He felt a gently hand on his cheek. He leaned into the hand an opened his eyes. His Cecilia, beautiful Cecilia was sitting next to him. Even in the dimly lit ward he could see that her eyes were swollen from tears. \"What's wrong?\" He asked, fearing what she was going to say. Cecilia put a finger to his lips to hush him and leaned in closer. \"Just kiss me, darling.\" Their lips met. Her kiss was hungry and passionate, much like their last kiss at the bus stop. She had kissed him many times in the ward but it was nothing like the way she kissed him now. Sometimes she would only kiss him on the cheek or on the forehead. When their lips parted, Robbie kissed her tears. Cecilia smiled weakly and stood up extending her hand. \"Come with me.\" she replied softly, \"there isn't much time.\" As he got up, he noticed that Cecilia had her shaving kit with her and fresh towels. He wondered what she was up to as she held his hand and led him out of the ward. She stopped at a door labeled 'Authorized Personnel Only'. Taking a set of keys from her pocket she opened the door and gestured for him to enter. She followed closing and locking the door behind them. She then turned on the lights. He saw that they were in a washroom. There was a bathtub. He hoped that she was going to let him have a bath. He loved baths. It didn't matter to him who was giving him a bath. It could have been Briony and he would have been excited. Having Cecilia give it to him was certainly the best option. Cecilia put the bundle she had been carrying on the counter next to the sink. Beside her shaving kit she lay out a change of clothes for herself, to his horror she laid out prison greys. She heard Robbie gasp and turned to face him. \"I'm sorry, darling.\" she replied trying not to start crying again. \"I received the letter and uniform a few days ago. I thought if I ignored you, I could pretend nothing happened. I could just pretend it was a dream and go on with my life. Somebody else would change you, and you would think that I didn't care.\" Tears rolled down Robbie's face. \"I thought you didn't want to see me anymore. I was thinking that perhaps you had fallen in love with somebody else.\" \"You have always been the only man I could ever love, Robbie.\" Cecilia replied. \"Briony told me that I had to see you off. I would never forgive myself and I couldn't leave you hating me.\" Robbie pulled Cecilia into his arms and held her close. \"I'm glad she convinced you to see me off.\" he replied. \"Are you talking to her again, Cee?\" Cecilia held Robbie tighter. \"I'm haven't forgiven her if that is what you are asking. She's my sister. I love her as hard as that may be to believe.\" \"No, I understand that. I know how close your family is.\" \"I told Briony that I still hate her. I can't forgive her just yet. I don't know if I ever can.\" Cecilia replied. \"She told me that she knows you didn't do it. She's going to tell the truth. We are going to do what we can to free you, but I don't want you to get your hopes up. It's not going to be easy. There might not be any chance.\" \"You sound like you are giving up before you even begin. You have to try!\" Robbie pleaded. \"We just need to gather up the witnesses. Old man Hardman, Danny...\" \"Old man Hardman is dead. Danny is in the Royal Navy.\" Cecilia answered. \"But that doesn't matter. It wasn't Danny. It was Leon's friend Paul Marshall according to Briony. That is what makes it so difficult. He will deny everything and he has the money to back him up. He will play every angle and do his best to block any attempt we make at trying to reopen the case. The bottom line is he's got money and we don't.\" Robbie started to cry. Cecilia embraced the man she loved. \"Hang in there, darling. I am not going to give up now that there is a glimmer of hope.\" Cecilia replied. \"Briony is going to a solicitor, a commissioner of oaths and make a signed and witnessed statement. I just don't want you to get your hopes up to high. It's Paul Marshall we are going after. It might not even be advised to try and go after him. I'm sure the courts will laugh at us, as his married to the woman we are accusing him of attacking.\" \"Call in the Army!\" Robbie replied. \"There's got to be a way to get some of them to testify that he's not the man he portrays or as good and noble as he makes himself out to be.\" \"You're sounding a bit desperate,\" she responded. \"I'm sorry... but I am desperate. Cee, you don't know what it's like in that prison.\" He cried. \"Actually, I do.\" Cecilia answered. \"Did you hear about the Warden getting stabbed about three years ago?\" \"Yes.\" \"I was there the first day with a couple others to treat him, until they denied me entry upon realizing that I knew a prisoner being held there.\" Cecilia responded. \"I was only there one day and in areas that were probably kept up a lot more than the level you were on. But don't worry. I've already started to gather witnesses for you. I have Mace's contact information. He's willing to testify on your behalf as a character witness should we get that far. Nettle is going to write me with his as well, as is willing to do the same thing.\" \"My unit commander, General Nottingham. Try and get a hold of him. He's met Marshall and told me he was not impressed. He was grumbling about the awful chocolate we had in our packs and longed for some real chocolate. He said that Marshall was so full of hot air he wished he had a pin so he could pop him. I told him that you weren't so impressed by him either and that you thought he had public hair growing out of his ears.\" \"You didn't!\" \"I did. He laughed and agreed with me.\" Robbie smiled. Cecilia kissed him and pulled away to start the bath. \"You aren't going to get in trouble for giving me a bath are you, Cee? I wouldn't want you to get in trouble.\" Robbie replied. \"Merely giving you a bath, no. I can defend myself by saying that you are going back to prison. The conditions there could be worse than being on the battle field. The least I can do is give you a decent bathing before you are taken away... like my giving you a shave.\" Satisfied the temperature of the water was to Robbie's liking she stood up. \"However, that is not all I intend to do. And yes, I can get into a lot of trouble.\" Robbie smiled. He wasn't going to reject the advances of the beautiful nurse before him and kissed her passionately. As they kissed he began to undress her. * * * * * * \"Robbie.\" a voice replied. \"Robbie!\" Robbie looked at the nurse at his side and was slapped in the face by reality. It was Nurse B. Tallis at his side, not Ward Sister Tallis, his Cecilia. He sighed. \"I'm sorry.\" Briony replied. \"But they are here. They are talking to Sister Drummond now. She's bringing them over.\" She helped Robbie put on his prison issued shoes. It was the longest few minutes of Robbie's life... longer than waiting at the door to apologize to Cecilia for sending the wrong letter. He could hear the footfalls drawing nearer. They were at his side. Despite him putting up no resistance, they treated him a bit roughly. Briony tried to protest but Sister Drummond kept her in check. Briony had not been allowed to attend the trial except on the days she was to testify. She had not been able to look at Robbie at all except to point him out. She thought the look on his face then was upsetting. It was nothing to the look on his face now as they shackled him. They started to lead him away, walking much too fast. Robbie was barely able to keep up shuffling behind alongside them because of the shackles about his ankles. \"Briony! Tell Cee I love her!\" Tears filled Briony's eyes. What had she done? Was it possible to make things right?[Chapter 7] Disclaimer Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and to Keira Knightley, James McAvoy, Romola Garai and the rest of the cast for bringing Joe's vision to life. All rights to those who own them. I claim nothing. A \"What if...?\" Story. \"What if Robbie made it home? Love Never Dies by Ninja Elizabeth Chapter 7: Home Cecilia arrived at the Tallis house lodge that belonged to Grace Turner. She visited Robbie's mother as often as she could but felt that it wasn't enough. She wanted to do so much more for her. The last time she visited was shortly after learning of the Army's withdrawal from France. She had left with some hope that Robbie might be coming home. She knocked on the door but there was no answer. Having a key, Cecilia let herself in and called out in case the older woman was taking an afternoon nap and had not heard her knock. No answer. She set her overnight bag down by Grace's favorite chair, and proceeded to the kitchen. By the looks of the dirty dishes in the sink, Grace had an early start and rushed to the main house. Taking off her coat and placing in on the back of the chair, she returned to the kitchen to wash the dirty dishes. After the dished were dried and put away, she gathered up her courage and swallowed a bit of pride, making the decision not to wait for the older woman but to seek her out. This meant walking down the Surrey path to the main house. Cecilia wanted to see Grace and tell her the news about Robbie personally. She did not want the older woman to hear the news from anyone else. Perhaps she would attempt to make amends with her family or at least pay them a visit. She would need their support after all if she and Briony had any hope of freeing Robbie. As she locked the door behind her and turned toward the path she looked down at herself and laughed. She was a far cry from the slightly snobbish, defiant rich girl who lad left home five years ago. The only thing the dress she now wore had in common with anything she had worn back then was that it was green. It was plain and simple, almost cheap by comparison. The green halter gown she wore for Robbie would cost her today about three months rent at least. Her hair was longer and her make up more subtle. She no longer felt the need to impress anyone. She walked down the path toward the main house. Her thoughts turned to Robbie. How many times had he made the same journey? He must have made the journey hundreds or even thousands of times. She thought of him making what would end up being his last journey that fateful afternoon, in his best suit, full of anticipation and fear, while she was in her room feeling the same trying to find 'the perfect dress' from her wardrobe. Crossing the bridge over the dried overgrown creek bed, Cecilia realized that she was further down the path than she had ever been since leaving home. The house she had sworn never to return to came into view. It was ugly. It had always been ugly, but it was once her home. Once her home, she thought as she got closer. It was no longer her home and she didn't' feel right merely entering it as she had when she lived there. Knocking on the door would be uncomfortable, and there was the possibility of a confrontation she was not ready for, so she opted to enter by the servant's door which led to the kitchen. Grace Turner had finished polishing the last of the silver. She had saved the spoons for last. As she set them aside to set the table later, the door opened. Betty turned angrily to yell at the twins who had been running about all morning long. Both women were stunned not to see the twins but familiar young woman enter. \"Cecilia?\" Betty asked. \"Cecilia!\" Grace responded. \"Hello, Betty, Grace.\" She replied noticing the polished silver. \"What's the special occasion? I know it's not for the prodigal daughter's homecoming because I wasn't even planning on coming to see Grace until yesterday and I didn't inform her of my change of plans.\" Betty grumbled. \"Paul Marshall and his new bride are here for dinner. Everything must be perfect for 'Mr. Prima Donna' and your cousin 'Mrs. I'm rich, you're not and I don't have to work, you do.' Not that she does or ever has done anything. The twins have been running wild since breakfast and have already blasted through the kitchen more than once. The only ones they listen to are your father who has yet to arrive and your mother who is in her room claiming to have one of her migraines again.\" Cecilia resented Betty's remark about her mother claiming to have a migraine. Having inherited her mother's tendency to suffer from the painful and often times debilitating headaches she felt the need to defend her. \"Betty, I can assure you that my mother would not shrug off her responsibilities claiming to have a mere headache. Believe me, at the moment she is the first person in this house who would like the twins to stop running about.\" Grace turned to Cecilia with the look of a worried mother. \"Cecilia? Do you suffer from migraines as well?\" \"Yes, I do.\" She answered. \"In addition to the throbbing headaches, Betty, often comes sensitivity to lights and sound. And occasionally, even nausea.\" Betty apologized. She explained that it was just all the built up frustration. With all the demands of the guest of honor who had arrived late last night and the uncontrollable twins, she was at her wits end. \"The twins are spoiled brats. They take full advantage of your mother's migraines and father's absence. When your cousin is here all hell breaks loose as she tells your mother that she is being too harsh on them. She won't take them in because 'taking care of young children' is beneath her, yet she won't let anyone 'take care of them' when she is here. The war is keeping your father working late at the Ministry. Paul Marshall of course can't be bothered as he's a millionaire and has his factories to attend to. All he seems to do if you ask me, all he does is wave his money around and your cousin loves to spend it.\" Cecilia felt a knot in the pit of her stomach. Paul Marshall it seemed had already had his claws into her family permanently by marrying her cousin Lola. Had he charmed his way into the hearts of her other family members as well? Did she and Briony really have any chance of proving Robbie's innocence? \"Are you all right, Cecilia? You look a bit pale.\" Betty asked. Before Cecilia could respond, the servant door swung open wildly and the twins burst into the kitchen covered in mud. One of them was holding a frog from the bog. \"Stop right there!\" Cecilia responded with the authority she used in the hospital ward. To the amazement of Grace and Betty, the twins froze in their tracks and looked at Cecilia. \"How dare the two of you enter this kitchen covered in mud! Do you want mud in your soup?\" Cecilia responded in a firm authoritative tone. \"N-no, ma'am.\" one of the twins replied. \"And what is the purpose of bringing that frog inside? Would you like Betty to clean it up and cook it for your supper?\" Cecilia teased. \"No!\" The twin holding the frog responded clutching the frog to his chest. \"Well then, I suggest to two of you march out the way you came, leave the frog outside and clean yourselves up before entering this kitchen again.\" Cecilia ordered. \"And the next time you choose to set foot in here, I expect the two of you to act like proper gentlemen. Do I make myself clear?\" \"Yes, ma'am.\" the twins replied in unison before turning to leave in a hurry, slamming the door behind them. Only a puddle of mud where they had been standing was left as evidence that they were there only moments ago. Betty was stunned and began to laugh. \"Well, that was different. How did you do that?\" Cecilia chuckled. \"Ward Sister mode.\" she answered. \"I never imagined I would need it outside of the hospital.\" \"You're a Ward Sister now?\" Betty asked quite impressed. \"Yes, I am.\" Cecilia replied. \"I was working at the EMS hospital near Morden until about a month ago. I'm back at St Thomas at present.\" \"I believe that is where your sister is doing her nurses training.\" Betty responded. \"Did you know that she did not take her position at Cambridge? Your father was quite upset.\" \"Briony found my address and sent me a letter, so yes on both accounts.\" Cecilia replied. Grace turned to Cecilia. \"So what made you decide to walk all this way to the house? You know you are more than welcome to make yourself at home in the bungalow. That is why I gave you a key.\" \"I wanted to talk to you, Grace. I didn't want to wait because I wanted you to hear the news from me, not someone else.\" She replied. \"Betty, may I steal Grace away for a few moments?\" Betty looked at her kitchen and all the work that still needed to be done. Her two kitchen hands were busy. With the twins' intrusions and Paul Marshall's insistence that everything be perfect for his bride and constant changing of the menu things were a little behind schedule. \"Can it wait until later, Cecilia?\" Betty asked. \"We are already behind schedule and you are taking away my 'right hand'.\" \"I promise it won't be long. Give me a few minutes and then I'll bring her back and lend a hand.\" Grace hoped Betty would say yes. She was anxious about Cecilia coming to the main house and now the news she had had to be about her son, Robbie. She wanted to know; was it good news or bad news? Either way she did not want to wait until they were allowed to sit down and have supper. \"You can't help!\" The head of the kitchen exclaimed. \"Why not? I don't live here anymore.\" Cecilia responded. \"I don't mind. I like being in the kitchen. Granted I never have the time or money to prepare anything fancy, but I can hold my own. I'm not the same person I was five years ago. Just tell me what to do, Betty.\" Betty smiled. Cecilia had changed. She could see that. \"All right. You can take her aside for a few minutes, but when you return, Cecilia I'm going to put you to work. No favors.\" \"I understand. We won't be long. Like I said, I just want Grace to hear things from me, not on the wireless, or unfriendly ears.\" \"We have a lot of work to do, and we do not want to disappoint 'his highness'.\" Betty replied as Grace and Cecilia walked out to the servants' dining area. Cecilia chuckled. \"Tell me, does he still have pubic hair growing out of his ears?\" she asked as they disappeared into the dining area. She heard Betty burst out laughing. She took that as a 'yes'. Cecilia turned to Grace. She could already see that the older woman feared the worst about what Cecilia was going to say. \"It's bad news, Cecilia, isn't it?\" Grace asked. \"Not entirely.\" Cecilia replied. \"I'm not here to tell you that's he's dead. He's alive. However he's not coming home just yet.\" \"Has he been sent out again?\" Grace asked very worried about her baby boy. \"Where has he gone? I worry about him so much when he's out there somewhere fighting.\" Cecilia took a deep breath. \"He's back in prison. They took him back this morning.\" Grace did not know whether what Cecilia had told her was good news or bad news. \"I got to see him, Grace.\" Cecilia responded. \"He was brought to St Thomas and I nursed him back to health.\" Robbie's mother smiled. \"He must have liked that.\" she replied. She didn't know what she hated more, her son falsely imprisoned or off abroad fighting the war. At least in prison she didn't have to worry about him being left behind, and forgotten... just another fallen soldier. \"He asked me to marry him.\" Cecilia smiled. \"Naturally, I said 'yes'. I don't know when we will officially be able to marry, but now we are officially engaged. He said he wanted to marry me in one of his letters from the field.\" \"That is wonderful. You know I consider you my daughter already. I know you will make my son a fine wife.\" Grace replied. \"I hope I get to witness the two of you getting married one day, even it's in prison.\" \"Briony and I are going to do what we can to free him, Grace.\" \"Briony?\" Grace asked. \"Have you forgiven her? I won't hold it against you if you have, but I don't think I can.\" \"I haven't forgiven her, but I have accepted her apology. She's my little sister, Grace. She's going to tell the truth in front of a solicitor and change her evidence. If we can get the case reopened I have two soldiers who are willing to testify as character witnesses on Robbie's behalf.\" \"The truth? How do you know she's not going to lie again?\" \"How do you know she wasn't telling the truth that night, Grace, and we were wrong about Robbie?\" Grace was stunned at what she heard. \"Cecilia! How can you even think that Robbie could have raped that girl!\" \"I don't, Grace. I was just saying... I'm sorry. I was just making a point.\" Cecilia responded. \"I was shocked that everyone so readily believed that Robbie could have attacked my cousin. It hurt when mother accepted Briony's story over my version. Briony told me who it really was, Grace, and based on certain events and what Betty has said, it's not going to be easy. I fear all is lost if he's gotten to the old man.\" It was Grace's turn to feel sick. Cecilia didn't actually state who the real attacker was but Grace could figure it out. \"Your father, Cee, believes in Robbie. He has told me time and time again that he is sorry for not standing up for you. But he loves your mother very much and he did not want to hurt her by going against her. He's told me many times that he made the wrong decisions. He excused himself by telling himself that he wasn't there that night and should not get involved, but when Robbie was convicted he realized it was too late. Talk to your father. He's due to arrive soon. Talk to him and tell him how much you love Robbie.\" She hadn't seen anyone from her family save Leon who waited for her outside the hospital on a few occasions since she left home. She hadn't carried on any kind of a serious conversation with him since returning less than triumphantly from Cambridge and that one wasn't the most pleasant. The exchanged words every once in a while, the last time was on the phone when he told her Robbie was going to medical school. She knew that he wasn't actually telling her that Robbie was going to medical school, but again chastising her about her poor finish and asking her what she was going to be doing with her life. \"I haven't really talked to him in years. I did a lot of things with him when I was little... but then he got busy.\" \"He's been so busy with work lately, but when he comes home he's always here for the family. He loves to spend time with your mother.\" Grace replied. \"He regrets not standing up for Robbie. He's been looking for a chance to redeem himself. Talk to him. Give him a chance, Cee.\" Cecilia nodded. \"I'll talk to him.\" At that moment, Betty burst into the dining area. Exasperated, the kitchen head spoke. \"I'm sorry, but I need you back. His highness has just paid us a visit and insists we make him and his guests a 'scrumptious desert' with the delicious chocolate he had delivered. Honestly, I don't know what he thinks we can do with fifty pounds of chocolate.\" she replied. \"Mind you, Grace, he still wants us to make the cobblers as requested this morning.\" Grace sighed, and she and Cecilia followed Betty back into the kitchen. As if it there wasn't enough going on in the kitchen already, now there were fifty pounds of chocolate taking up much needed space. Jack Tallis drove up the Surrey path toward his home. Finally! He did not feel the least bit guilty leaving the fellows back at the Ministry. He missed his wife, and just wanted to get away. He hated this war. It was making everybody crazy. There were those who wanted to 'kill them all' and those who believed in 'negotiations'. Jack agreed with his colleges that Hitler a mad man who needed to be stopped at all costs, but by no means did he want to 'kill them all'. No, that would be no better than Hitler's 'Jewish cleansing'. He continued his drive and pushed thoughts of the war and work away. His home was his getaway. Never bring work home he always told himself. He thought of his beautiful wife. He knew she probably suspected he was having an affair with a beautiful young secretary or something. The truth was, he did have a beautiful young secretary, and she did come on to him. It disturbed him, however. One, he was married and still loved his wife dearly. Two, she was young enough to be his daughter and that was very wrong. The very thought of having an affair with her would be like having an affair with his own daughter. He pulled up to the house only to find his parking spot occupied by a grey Rolls Royce Phantom III. He grumbled. This was his home. He did not care how much money Paul Marshall had, this was his home and Marshall's car was in his parking spot. He had married his wife's niece but that did not give him the right to park in his parking spot. He sighed and parked elsewhere. Entering the house, Jack called out to his wife. \"Emmie! Emmie, dear.\" He got the attention of not his wife, but Paul Marshall who immediately went into a pitch to buy stock in his chocolate factory. Ignoring him he called out to his wife again. \"Emily!\" This time his son acknowledged. At least he was informative. \"Daddy, Emily is up in her room with one of her migraines again.\" Leon replied. Jack could tell by his son's tone that he did not believe in his mother's illness. \"Thank you, Leon.\" he responded trying to push by Paul Marshall and get up the stairs to his room to check on Emily. Marshall was insistent on speaking to him about investing. Jack saw no other choice but to acknowledge him. \"Mr. Marshall, I have not been home in several months. I have not seen my wife in all that time. I am home. When at home, I do not wish to discuss business.\" he responded. \"I have a beautiful secretary. If you wish to discuss business with me, stop by the Ministry and talk to her. Make an appointment.\" \"You need to act fast.\" Marshall responded as though he had not heard a single word Jack had said. \"I'm holding some prime stock for you. I can't do that forever. With our busy schedules, I'm sure you will agree that now is the best time to talk. Even the common folk are clamoring to buy stock in my 'Army Ammo' bars.\" Jack sighed. He did not want to invest in Marshall's chocolate, especially the Army Ammo bars. As a member of the Ministry of Defense, he was part of the committee formed to decide what went into the soldiers' packs and had a taste of the chocolate. He hated it. He and a couple others were outnumbered and the Army Ammo was included. Boost morale? Whose morale? Certainly hard as rock sugar casing covered horrid tasting chocolate wouldn't be boosting any hungry soldier's morale. No, the only morale boosting the chocolate did was for the pompous man standing between him and his dear Emily. \"Right now, I am going to see my wife. Please excuse me.\" He shoved Marshall out of his way. \"We will work out the deal later, Jack.\" Marshall responded completely undaunted. Jack half expected Marshall to follow him up the stairs, but he remained where he had shoved him. He had liked Marshall at first. Originally he thought that his son's friendship with the man would give Leon some backbone, a sense of taking charge. Instead, his son picked up the worst attributes most noted, a sense of self indulgence. He reached the door to the bedroom he shared with his wife and opened it slowly so not to make too much noise and disturb her. She lay on her back eye mask over her eyes to keep out the light. She did not stir as he closed the door slowly behind him. \"Emmie, dear.\" he replied softly. Now, she stirred lifting her eye mask, squinting painfully in the light. \"Jack, darling. You made it. How is everything?\" \"Not so good I'm afraid.\" he responded as he made his way to her side and kissed her on the cheek. \"Would you be a dear and check on Betty in the kitchen?\" Emily asked. \"I'm afraid I haven't been much of a hostess today, and I'm sure that retched man has been overwhelming her with demands about dinner preparations. Will you tell her that I'm sorry?\" \"Of course.\" Jack left his wife's side to allow her to wait out her migraine. There were those, like his son who thought Emily was faking her headaches. Leon even told him to his face to stop falling for her tricks. He did not scold his son at the time, but instead told him to keep his opinions to about how he treated his wife until he had one of his own. Then and only then would he be allowed to give him council on the matter.[Chapter 8] Disclaimer Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and to Keira Knightley, James McAvoy, Romola Garai and the rest of the cast for bringing Joe's vision to life. All rights to those who own them. I claim nothing. A \"What if...?\" Story. \"What if Robbie made it home? Love Never Dies by Ninja Elizabeth Chapter 8: A New Start Jack Tallis made it to the kitchen managing to avoid Paul Marshall. It was in a state of chaos, more so than usual. Betty noticed him and suddenly panicked. \"Relax, Betty,\" he responded calmly. \"Emily asked me to check and see how things are going. She apologizes for not being a better hostess today. Paul Marshall driving you toward insanity?\" Betty let out a frustrated grunt. \"That, sir, is an understatement.\" She replied. \"Good thing Mr. Marshall's visits to my kitchen have come without a sharp object in my hand; otherwise I may have skewered him with it. Jack chuckled. He always appreciated what Betty did in the kitchen and how she handled things. He also knew that she was only half kidding. \"He doesn't know how lucky he is then.\" Jack snickered. He looked around. \"What's for dinner?\" \"Filet mignon with pommes boulangere, salade Francaise avec Poires and for an appetizer, Vichyssoise.\" \"What? I didn't understand any of that.\" Jack replied. He relied on his colleges to translate French. Betty chuckled. \"Fillet steak with a potato onion bake, French green salad with pears and an appetizer of cold potato leek soup.\" \"Well! Why didn't you say so? We are not French.\" he laughed knowing that Marshall probably used the more 'elegant' sounding French. \"That's what I said to Mr. Marshall.\" Betty replied. \"If you ask me, it's worse than cooking a roast on a hot summer day.\" \"Oh? How so?\" Jack asked. \"With a roast one just puts it in the oven with the fixings and vegetables and lets it cook. When it's ready, let it rest to set the juices in, then slice it for serving. Each cut of filet mignon,\" Betty responded over pronouncing the French, \"must be prepared separately and just before it's ready to serve to ensure its hot and prepared to everyone's liking. Timing is of essence as the one with the rarest steak must be timed so it is not over cooked or cold when the well done steak is done. And one must be careful not to overcook or burn the well done steak. Let's not even talk about what's for dessert.\" \"Let's please!\" Jack replied with excitement. Betty shook her head and smiled. She knew Jack was asking to allow her to vent her frustration but he was also curious. Dessert was always his favorite part of any meal. \"Peach and strawberry crumble.\" \"But I don't like crumble.\" Jack pouted. \"I tried to tell Mr. Marshall that when he shoved the menu in my face this morning, which I might add has been changed three times already.\" Betty replied. \"The latest being an order to make a 'delicious chocolate desert'.\" \"Chocolate?\" Jack perked up. \"You know I love chocolate.\" \"I'm sorry to disappoint you, sir, but the chocolate was hand delivered by Marshall Confectionary. All fifty pounds of it.\" Jack made a face. \"Fifty pounds? What on Earth are we going to do with fifty pounds of that awful stuff?\" he asked mostly to himself. \"I'm sure whatever you girls come up with it will be delicious. I'll make sure Marshall doesn't take all the credit. Which one of you is going to make dessert?\" Betty pointed over to Cecilia who was looking through Betty's recipes. She didn't think anything of it until Jack started toward her. Ever since she had called her and Grace back into the kitchen, Cecilia fit right in and volunteered to make the dessert having inherited her father's taste for sweets. \"I haven't seen you before,\" Jack responded. \"When did I hire you?\" \"I beg your pardon?\" Cecilia responded. She had not been paying attention and had not noticed her father's arrival. She had been looking through Betty's various recipes for chocolate and there were quite a few of them which did not surprise her given her father's fondness for it. \"I don't recognize you.\" Jack replied. \"You have quite a task in front of you, making a tasty dessert out of the horrible Marshall chocolate. I love chocolate.\" Cecilia chuckled realizing that her father had no idea who she was. She also felt a bit hurt. Had she been away for so long that her own father did not even recognize her? \"I have a few ideas, and I know what you tend to like.\" That voice! He recognized it now, and could not believe it. \"Little Cee! What are you doing in the kitchen?\" \"Attempting to make dessert.\" She responded. \"Actually I wanted to talk to Grace and didn't feel like waiting for her. Betty put me to work. She's a slave driver! I knew I should have stayed at the bungalow.\" Jack smiled. \"You share my sweet tooth and my taste for chocolate don't you? I look forward to seeing and tasting what you can come up with.\" he replied. \"Please tell me you find Marshall chocolate as horrid as I do.\" \"Oh, father! You must try Marshall's simply scrumptious 'chocktail' made with his melted dark chocolate and rum!\" Cecilia responded completely over exaggerating her enthusiasm. Jack laughed. \"I'll make a note to avoid that. Besides, I don't care for rum.\" He turned to leave. \"Um, father. Could you find the time to talk with me later?\" Cecilia asked a bit tentatively. \"For you, Little Cee, anything.\" he replied pinching her cheek just to see her cringe. \"That is if I can pry Marshall off me long enough. That obnoxious man is relentless in his pursuit to sell me stock in his company. Leon must have mentioned my sweet tooth.\" Cecilia nodded. She missed hearing her father call her Little Cee. It was always Lil' Leo, Little Cee, and Little B-nee when they were younger. She was the only one he continued to call Little Cee. Everyone else got called by their full names as they grew older. When he was gone, Betty, Grace and Cecilia looked at each other then burst out laughing. The two young girls helping out in the kitchen had no idea why and neither did the three older ladies. A few moments later after order had been reestablished in the kitchen, Betty and crew received another visitor. This one was not as welcome as the master of the house. Grace turned away, Cecilia continued to gather information for her dessert, and Marshall could care less about the younger help, leaving Betty to deal with him. \"Hello ladies,\" Marshall replied with false cheerfulness, eyeing the chocolate that he had delivered. \"I see my chocolate arrived safely. I trust that the three of you can come up with something truly spectacular to do with my chocolate.\" Betty covered the pot of stew that she had been stirring and turned to Marshall with the wooden spoon in her hand. She looked at the spoon and cursed to herself. She then turned to Marshall with such a pleasant face that the two younger girls had to turn away or risk bursting out in laughter. \"Oh we will, sir. Thank you so much for your generosity in providing the chocolate!\" \"You are very welcome. It was my pleasure.\" Marshall replied drinking up the praise. \"I'm sure this meal will be scrumptious and truly worthy of my lovely bride. And if your meal tonight comes anything close to the last meal I was served the last time I was here, Betsy, I might just share my recipe for my delicious 'chocktail' with you. If I may, I would like to prepare it tonight. I think it would make a lovely compliment to the crumble don't you think?\" If Betty was annoyed by Marshall calling her by the wrong name, she did not show it. Nor did she voice any objections to Marshall invading her kitchen. Instead she continued to put on her happy face. \"Oh thank you, Mr. Marshall!\" she replied. \"That sounds like a wonderful idea.\" \"I do hope you show some innovation as well.\" Marshall replied. \"Did you know chocolate is not just for dessert? Chefs in the city are using it in savory dishes as well. Please feel free to modify the menu as you see fit to include chocolate.\" With that, Marshall left the kitchen, stating that he had business to attend to. Cecilia sighed. She was sure his 'business' was hounding her father to invest in his company. Betty let out an exasperated scream. Grace and Cecilia laughed. \" 'Did you know chocolate is not just for dessert? Chefs in the city are using it in savory dishes as well. Please feel free to modify the menu as you see fit to include chocolate.' \" Betty quoted. \"Oh, the nerve of that man! You do realize we do not have a choice. That was not a suggestion but a request. And I do so hope he tells me that recipe. You should see the mess he leaves me to clean up.\" \"Have you tasted the 'chocktail', Betty?\" Cecilia asked. \"No.\" Betty answered. \"Considering his invasion and the mess he left behind you'd think he would have at least allowed me a taste.\" \"On the contrary. You should consider yourself fortunate.\" Cecilia responded. \"However on the subject of chocolate as a savory application, when I was promoted to Ward Sister, Marjorie treated me to dinner. We had fillet steak with a chocolate mustard sauce. It was quite delicious. I don't know how Marshall's chocolate will taste if made into that sauce. But it's worth a try.\" \"Sounds interesting enough.\" Betty replied. \"Since you've tasted it, would you care to make it?\" \"I guess it wouldn't be too hard.\" Cecilia replied. \"I've figured out my dessert. I need to start that up first.\" (-) After Sister Drummond had finished speaking with the prison officials and Robbie was gone, Briony knocked on the office door and asked Sister Drummond if she could talk to her. Sister Drummond nodded. She had an idea what Nurse Tallis wanted, but asked anyway. \"What did you want to speak to me about, Tallis?\" She asked. \"It's about some time off.\" Briony replied. \"Some time off? You've hardly earned some time off,\" she teased. \"I am aware of that, but I wanted to request a weekday off. Usually you schedule my day off on a weekend,\" Briony replied. \"I don't know how much my sister has told you about our past, but I wanted to see if you could schedule us together. I'm going to see a solicitor about changing my evidence against Robbie before a judge. I thought Cee would want to come along.\" \"I'm sure she would.\" Sister Drummond replied. \"I know of your past and the relationship with your sister. I'm going to schedule a day off with Nurse Bennet. She is my most trusted assistant and she will serve as your witness. Having Cecilia, your sister and Robbie's lover there might be seen as coercion by the court. Make the appointment, and inform me of the date. I will adjust the schedule to accommodate you.\" \"Thank you, Ward Sister.\" Briony could not believe it was just that easy. She was half expecting the Ward Sister to take advantage of the fact that she was standing in front of her an discipline her for something. Surely there had to be something. Sister Drummond looked up at the nurse still standing in front of her desk. \"Is there something else you wanted, Tallis?\" she asked. \"No. No. Nothing. I was just leaving. Thank you again, Ward Sister.\" With that, Briony turned and left the office heading straight for the dorms. She was exhausted and needed to get some sleep before her next shift. After dressing for bed, Briony lay in her bed staring at the ceiling. She tried to sleep, but she couldn't. She kept seeing the look on Robbie's face or hearing the sobs of her sister. What had she done? She thought she had understood what she had done and was ready to make amends but now she knew that she was only scratching the surface and that there was damage that might never be undone. It was all her fault. She had to find some way of making it up to Robbie and Cecilia, she just had to. Why? It was a question she asked herself thousands upon thousands of times over the years, and one that she could not simply answer. There was no simple answer. Jealousy was the easy way out. It was deeper than that. Why did she do what she did? She had told herself that she wasn't in love with him after she threw herself in the water for him to save her but was she? What was it like to be in love? She had always envisioned Robbie as the 'prince' or 'dashing hero' in her stories. He was still a prince in her eyes with his blue eyes and warm smile. So why did she hurt him so? Why had she betrayed him? Why had it been so easy to lie? She figured when she could answer her questions for herself it would be much easier to explain her actions to Robbie and Cecilia and easier for them to forgive her. Until then she just had to keep on trying to find the answers. (-) Dinner was ready to be served. Jack never did manage to visit again. Everyone was seated at the table waiting for the service to begin. Jack sat at the head of the table. His wife sat at the opposite end. The Marshalls were at Jack's right, Leon beside them. Jackson and Pierrot sat at Jack's left. To Emily's right was a setting for her daughter Cecilia which she always insisted be set. Jack stood up and toasted Paul Marshall and his bride, Lola Quincy. Everyone raised their glasses of champagne, Jackson and Pierrot, juice. Marshall was anxious to say a few words but Jack ignored him and turned to his wife. Emily stood up and said a few kind words to her niece and despite her true feelings, welcomed Marshall into her family. Marshall barely waited for Emily to take her seat when he stood up and proclaimed his love for his beautiful bride. He turned to Jack and welcomed him as one of his investors. He then took his seat and clapped his hands to signal for the service to begin. \"Betsy!\" Marshall replied. Betty, Grace and Cecilia brought out the first course. Betty did her best not to show any anger about being called 'Betsy'. Cecilia tried not to show disgust as she placed bowls of the cold soup in front of Marshall and her cousin. She tried not to cry as she noticed the empty table setting next to her mother set aside for her. No one noticed that the prodigal daughter was serving them. If Jack noticed, he didn't let it on to the others. With the soup served, Betty, Grace and Cecilia returned to the kitchen. Now the hard work was to begin. Preparing the main course. Grace noticed the tears on Cecilia's face which she was trying to hide. \"Are you all right, dear?\" Grace asked with motherly concern. She had an idea what was bothering her. Cecilia had always been so close to her family, especially her mother. What happened five years ago had hurt her so much. \"Has my mother always set a place for me?\" Cecilia asked wiping her tears trying unsuccessfully not to cry. Grace pulled Cecilia into a motherly embrace. \"Yes, she has.\" Grace replied. \"After the trial, not a day has gone by where your mother has not told me how much she misses you or told me how sorry she is. I've since told her to stop. As a mother I understand the instinct to protect one's children. Don't hate your mother, Cee. I've forgiven her. We've talked many times about that night. I told her that what I hated her for was her rush to judgment that night, for paying attention only to Lola and Briony and not considering the older more experienced minds that evening, namely you.\" Cecilia nodded. \"That's why it hurt so much... when she wouldn't listen to me. She didn't even come to me for comfort that evening! She wouldn't let me near her. I was always the one who comforted her when she had a migraine. I was the only one she let lay with her when she had a migraine. I was always the one she asked to do the little things for her. But that night, as soon as Leon and I returned, I might as well have turned invisible. I tried to help her, talk to her but she turned me away.\" Betty joined in the conversation. \"Don't be so harsh on your mother, Cecilia. It didn't surprise me in the slightest when Grace informed me that you were training to become a nurse. You are in many ways a lot like your mother, always wanting to help others, take care of everyone.\" she replied. \"She was so very overwhelmed that day. Your father was working late at the Ministry with the threat of war on the horizon. Your Aunt Hermione leaving your Uncle Cecil and the subsequent dumping of their children here to be taken care of. Your brother Leon coming home and bringing his chocolate millionaire friend over for dinner as potential husband for you. You had become distant upon your return from Cambridge. Is it any wonder your mother stayed in bed all day with a migraine? It's enough to give anyone a headache if you ask me.\" Cecilia pulled away from Grace and turned to Betty. \"Are you telling me that it was all my fault that day? That I should have done more to help out? I was so lost in my own world that I didn't care about anyone but myself. I was worse than Briony and her fantasy worlds. But none of it would have happened if Leon hadn't invited Robbie to dinner. He knew Robbie would be too much of a gentleman to refuse the invitation. All Leon wanted to do was embarrass him! If anything, it's Leon's fault, not mine!\" \"I'm not accusing you of anything.\" Betty replied. \"In some ways, I think you should be grateful to Leon for inviting Robbie to dinner that night, otherwise we might have been toasting the soon to be 'Mrs. Paul Marshall' that evening. If you had not gone off to greet Robbie at the door, I'm sure Marshall would have proposed before dinner.\" \"I would have refused.\" Cecilia replied. \"No you wouldn't have, Cecilia, and you know it. Not in the presence of your mother and brother. It would have been your duty to accept and provide for the family. You would have done your duty as eldest daughter despite your growing love for Robbie, the housekeeper's son. That was one of the reasons you woke later than usual, spent part of the afternoon with your sister and the rest hand picking flowers. You did everything to avoid doing anything that day.\" Cecilia clutched her hand to the ID tags she had hidden beneath her blouse. She sighed. Betty was right. She would have accepted Paul Marshall's proposal that day out of a sense of duty. But things had turned out differently for whatever reason. Although they weren't together the way she had hoped, she was with Robbie. She knew that one day they would live their dream together. \"I'm sorry. It was out of line for me to speak to you like that.\" Betty replied in response to Cecilia's silence. \"No, it's all right. You're absolutely right about me, at least at that time, but not anymore.\" Cecilia replied. \"I turned my back on everyone because I chose to. I left home not because I did not feel welcome, but because I no longer wanted to live here. It was my choice. I've accepted Briony's apology for her actions that night. Maybe it's time I talked to my mother and try to heal the wounds between us now.\" \"Oh please do!\" Betty exclaimed with a bit of sarcasm. \"Perhaps then your mother will stop taking in refugees!\" Grace laughed and agreed. When Cecilia questioned them about the refugees, she got quite an earful. The two ladies went back and forth describing their snobbery, overzealous religious beliefs and practices, unruly and disrespectful children that made the twins look like angels, the broken and lost arm of the Triton fountain, and the final straw, the breaking and denial of doing so of Uncle Clem's vase. Cecilia burst out laughing at the mention of Uncle Clem's vase breaking. Betty glared at her. \"I'm sorry. I'm sorry my mother put you through all that. I'm sorry father yelled at you for breaking the vase but I can assure you that those kids were telling the truth. They did not break that vase.\" Betty looked at Cecilia suspiciously. \"And what do you know about that vase?\" \"The handle broke off in your hand, didn't it?\" Cecilia asked. \"Cecilia! It was you, wasn't it?\" Betty exclaimed. \"Well, me and Robbie.\" she replied sheepishly. \"Five years ago to the day actually.\" Grace turned to Cecilia. \"Now how does Robbie fit into all this?\" Cecilia laughed. \"He was outside.\" she replied. \"Mother asked me to gather some fresh flowers and place them in Uncle Clem's vase with some water and take it up to the room wehre Paul Marshall would be staying. I got the flowers. I took off my shoes and noticed Robbie outside rolling a cigarette, so I decided to take the vase outside to fill it in the fountain.\" Betty was puzzled. \"Why on Earth would you go outside in the heat to fill the vase with that filthy fountain water when you could have come into the kitchen to fill it?\" she asked. Grace snickered. \"If I walked out to the fountain, I would have to walk past Robbie.\" Betty and Grace burst out laughing. \"Oh, you poor thing. You were madly in love with him, weren't you?\" Betty teased. \"Still am, I'm afraid.\" Cecilia replied. \"I think I've embarrassed myself enough for one evening, so let's just say, that the vase broke as a result of my being my usual stubborn self and Robbie the perfect gentleman. I am certainly not going to elaborate on what I did after we broke the vase.\" Betty shook her head. As much as she did want to hear exactly what had happened, Cecilia was right in calling herself stubborn and if she didn't want to say any more she wasn't going to say any more. \"Well, then, we have the steaks to prepare, and you the sauce. We don't want to keep 'his highness' waiting.\"[Chapter 9] Disclaimer Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and to Keira Knightley, James McAvoy, Romola Garai and the rest of the cast for bringing Joe's vision to life. All rights to those who own them. I claim nothing. A \"What if...?\" Story. \"What if Robbie made it home? Love Never Dies by Ninja Elizabeth Chapter 9: Understanding... Briony awoke and looked at her clock. She had forgotten to set the alarm! She was late for her shift. She dressed herself quickly and rushed to where the duty roster was posted. She was relieved. She was stationed in the laundry processing area to sort and fold the laundry. Nowhere near the bedpans. She was tired of bedpans, clean or dirty. She made her way to the laundry room hoping that she had not been missed. She had just made it to the door and was about to open it when she heard someone speak behind her. \"Tallis, you're over an hour late.\" the authoritative voice of Sister Drummond responded. Briony swallowed and turned to face the Ward Sister. \"I'm sorry, Sister Drummond, but I forgot to set my alarm.\" she replied knowing that the Ward Sister did not like to hear excuses for tardiness. \"I just couldn't get the look on Robbie's face out of my mind and the sound of my sister's cries haunted my dreams.\" \"You stayed up after your shift to sit with Private Turner until he was taken away, didn't you?\" the Ward Sister asked. \"Yes, I did. Cecilia, Sister Tallis, didn't want him to be alone. She asked me to sit with him because she couldn't bear to see him taken away again.\" Sister Drummond sighed. \"Just this once, Tallis, I'm going to let you off without being disciplined. Do not let it happen again\" With that she walked away. Briony watched her as the briskly walked down the corridor toward the main part of the ward. So Sister Drummond did have a heart after all. She turned to the door and opened it to start her shift with a new determination. She didn't want to let her sister or Sister Drummond down. She noticed the pile of laundry on the counter and no one else in the room. Where was Fiona, she thought. She had seen her name alongside hers on the roster. Shrugging it off, she started to fold. \"Oh, you made it!\" Fiona responded bringing in the cart for them to put the sorted and folded laundry on. \"I passed Sister Drummond in the corridor. She was waiting for you. Did she read you the riot act for being late?\" \"Actually, no.\" Briony replied. Now that she was in the company of her friend she wasn't sure if she liked the idea of working with her today or not. \"I was quite surprised.\" \"Lucky you. I was a mere five minutes late and got quite an earful.\" Fiona quipped. She then gave a little chuckle. \"The rumors really must be true then if Sister Drummond didn't yell at you.\" Briony looked at her friend. \"What rumors?\" she asked, dreading what she would say. \"The ones about Sister Drummond and Sister Tallis having an affair. Rumor has it that Sister Drummond personally requested Sister Tallis' transfer here from the EMS.\" Fiona answered. \"You are Sister Tallis' sister after all.\" Briony felt angry and somewhat betrayed. She could still hear her sister's sobs and see the look on Robbie's face. \"There is absolutely NOTHING going on between Sister Drummond and my sister, is that clear?\" \"Oh, come on! Everybody can see it!\" Fiona laughed. \"Take what just happened, Briony. She, Sister Drummond, the tyrant, the Ice Queen, didn't yell at you for being over an hour late, and yet I got an earful for being merely five minutes late. Surely she's playing favorites because your Sister Tallis' little sister.\" \"They are merely friends, like us, Fiona. I suspect the reason she was nice to me today is she knows how much Robbie means to my sister, and that my sister asked me to wait up with him until he was taken away to prison.\" Briony replied. \"Robbie Turner is the nicest man you could ever meet and my sister loves him with all her heart. He's asked my sister to marry him.\" \"Robbie Turner?\" Fiona asked. \"Wasn't that the name of the soldier who tried to strangle you when he was brought in?\" \"Yes.\" Briony answered. \"You're sister is going to marry that man?\" Fiona asked a bit shocked. \"If he's so sweet why was he taken to prison? What did he do? And why did he try to strangle you?\" \"He was delirious with fever, Fi.\" Briony replied. It was true. Robbie was delirious. Robbie would never hurt her despite how much he hated her. Hurting or taking advantage of anybody was not in Robbie's nature. \"How did your sister meet such a man?\" Fiona asked. \"Meeting a soldier sounds so romantic, although hearing a Navy man's tales of the sea sounds much more romantic than an Army man's tales of marching around. Does your sister know of his crimes?\" Briony wanted to slap some sense into her friend. All she ever talked about was the romance of meeting/being with an officer in the Royal Navy. She still held onto her ridiculous romantic dreams even after being inundated with the realities of the war in the ward. Briony realized that she had once seen romance the way Fiona did, but a harsh dose of reality changed that. Very few romances were like the kinds one read in the two penny novels. She laughed. Robbie and Cecilia's relationship would fit right in. The rich girl and the servant, both wanting and yearning but not admitting their love for one another until it was too late, torn apart by a horrible misunderstanding and war. \"Cecilia knows what he was accused of. She was there. So was I. It wasn't true. I thought I knew more than I did. I thought I understood what was going on and wanted more than anything to protect my sister, and instead destroyed her happiness.\" \"Wait! I heard about that case. I thought your name sounded familiar when I met you. My mother was so worried about me falling in love with one of the local boys asking him to find me a rich millionaire to marry, because the local boys couldn't be trusted. Sex maniacs.\" Fiona replied. \"Imagine! Raping an innocent fifteen year old! How can your sister love a man like that? Is she out of her mind? How can you defend her like you do?\" \"Robbie didn't do it!\" Briony shouted. \"And my cousin was hardly innocent. She fancied herself to be much more mature than she actually was. Of course, I didn't see that as a fantasizing thirteen year old, but I can see it now.\" \"That letter. How do you explain that?\" Fiona asked. \"I remember my father going on about that letter. How could that monster write such a thing and give it to you? Briony, open your eyes. He gave that letter to you.\" \"He gave it to me to give to Cecilia!\" Briony again screamed. \"I betrayed them both by reading it. My sister and Robbie were in love, and I betrayed them.\" \"You testified in court, didn't you?\" Fiona asked. \"I recall my father being horrified that a girl the same age as me was put up on the stand to face the monster who raped her cousin.\" Tears streamed down Briony's cheeks. For the first, she cried. She had not cried before surrounding the events of that fateful day in June. \"Robbie didn't do it!\" she cried. \"I was jealous and angry that he cared about my sister more than he did me. When I thought he was trying to harm her, all I wanted to do was protect her. I felt that I was her only witness to what he was doing and I had to protect my sister. Only what I thought I saw wasn't what I saw. I didn't understand what was going on. I couldn't see everything, and I didn't hear what they were saying.\" \"What did you see?\" \"I saw the two of them by the fountain.\" Briony replied. \"I thought Robbie ordered my sister to remove her clothes, because she started to unbutton her blouse. I turned away. When I did look back my sister was climbing out of the fountain. She put her clothes back on and stormed away.\" \"Oh my goodness! That's horrible!\" Fiona responded. \"What a monster! It's a good thing your sister has a little sister like you to look after her. She's so ungrateful. How can she hate you?\" \"Because it didn't happen the way I thought it did! Robbie didn't force Cecilia to remove her clothes to jump into the fountain. Cee did it on her own.\" Fiona laughed. \"That's ridiculous. Why would she do such a thing?\" she asked. \"It had to be Robbie. Your sister is being stupid. Why is she protecting that monster?\" \"Robbie isn't a monster!\" Briony exclaimed. \"How do you explain that letter he wrote to you, then?\" \"It was a mistake. It was the wrong version. Cecilia has the right version.\" Briony responded. \"Robbie trusted me to deliver the letter to my sister. He asked me for a favor to run ahead and give the letter to Cee because he felt foolish to be handing it to her himself. I opened it and read it. I shouldn't have. Naturally, I misinterpreted it due to what I had thought I saw earlier that day, and it made what I was about to see later as a bad thing. When my cousin was attacked I jumped to conclusions.\" Briony didn't want to talk about the subject any longer. She excused herself to go and fetch another cart of laundry. She hoped that when she returned Fiona would no longer be interested in the subject. Briony sighed and realized however just what a daunting task it was going to be to convince people that she had lied, that Robbie was innocent. (-+-+-+-+-) It wasn't until after dessert and everyone had left the dining room to gather in the drawing room for cocktails did Betty and her crew finally get the chance to relax and enjoy their supper. Betty brought to the table in the servants' dining room a large pot of stew that she had simmering on the stove all day. Grace set the table while the two younger kitchen workers brought what was left of the juice and some water. The champagne was gone. \"I hope you don't mind beef stew, Cecilia.\" Betty asked. \"On a chaotic day like today, stew is the easiest thing to prepare. Just throw everything into the pot and let it simmer all day.\" Cecilia smiled. \"I don't mind one bit, Betty.\" she replied. \"I love your stew. It's been a while since I've eaten it. Besides, a slow simmering stew is a luxury that I can't afford.\" Judith, the older of the two kitchen workers, laughed at Cecilia. \"Boy, you sure are stupid or simple minded.\" \"I beg your pardon?\" Cecilia asked turning to Judith. \"I said you are either stupid or simple minded.\" Judith repeated. \"How can you consider something as simple as beef stew as luxury? It's just made of scraps. It's cheap. Now filet mignon. That's a luxury.\" \"Luxury does not always mean having money. If you think that then it is you who is simple minded.\" Cecilia replied. \"For me, time is a luxury. Unless I am on holiday, I don't have the time to simmer a stew all day. I generally have to stay at home and be prepared to report to duty at a moment's notice. I can't leave my flat with something on the stove when I go out shopping. My days off change and when I do have a day off, I come and visit Grace. Not to mention I don't have an ice box that works well enough to store meat for very long.\" \"You have no right to lecture me, new girl. Just who do you think you are anyway?\" Judith responded not at all impressed. \"I am Cecilia Emily Tallis, second child and eldest daughter of your employer Jack Tallis.\" she replied turning to Betty. \"Betty, I noticed an extra steak.\" Judith did not believe her. Why the eldest daughter would be helping them in the kitchen? \"Yes. It's yours if you want it.\" Betty replied. \"Would like me to prepare it for you?\" \"No. I want your stew.\" Cecilia replied sincerely. \"I used to eat leftovers with Robbie, remember?\" Betty smiled. \"Yes, I remember.\" she recalled fondly. \"The two of you made such a cute couple, even as children.\" Cecilia blushed, and then turned back to Judith. \"You don't deserve it, but you can have my steak. It would be a shame to waste it. If you consider it such a luxury then you have a lot to learn. Money does not buy happiness.\" Cecilia sat down at the table with Grace as Betty served the stew. Judith gave Betty a look. Betty turned to her. \"If you want the steak, prepare it yourself. You know how to cook.\" Betty replied. \"I'm tired and hungry.\" In a huff, Judith left and went to prepare the steak. Betty turned to Cecilia. \"You were like that once, you know.\" she responded. \"I know,\" Cecilia replied softly. \"I never realized how much of a snob I was until everyone turned on Robbie. Even at Cambridge I never really talked to him. He was the housekeeper's son, a servant. Of course he would have done it. It couldn't have possibly have been anyone else. I had finally accepted my love for him and it was the best feeling in the world. It didn't matter to me that he was the housekeeper's son anymore. He was just my Robbie.\" (-+-+-+-+-+) Finally, Jack Tallis was rid of Paul Marshall who had decided to retire for the evening. He envied his wife during times like this when she could excuse herself because of her migraines. He had no such option. Instead he had to endure Marshall's reports of his success and bragging about his recent contract with the Royal Navy to supply the soldiers with chocolate along with the Royal Army. He had to put up with him insisting he invest in his company. He headed for the kitchen hoping that his daughter was there waiting for him. He was a bit surprised at the sight of her washing the dishes. \"Cecilia!\" he exclaimed. \"What are you doing? Where are Grace, Betty and the others?\" Looking toward the direction of the voice she smiled at the sight of her father. \"I sent them to bed. I had no idea what time you would be here. Since I was going to wait up for you I told Betty that I would clean up. Are you ready to talk, or has Mr. Marshall turned your brain to mush?\" \"He must have turned my brain to mush. Did I actually hear you say that you told Betty you would clean up?\" Jack teased. \"Little Cee, are you ill?\" Cecilia laughed. She never realized what a reputation she had at home when it came to cleaning up after herself. She missed her father's teasing. \"Little Cee is still a slob as evident if you were to visit her flat in Balham. However, Sister Tallis cannot afford to be as it would cost her her job, and quite possibly somebody's life, so she is quite clean and meticulous.\" she replied wiping her hands with a clean dishtowel. She had long since finished cleaning up after the dinner preparations and was just cleaning the kitchen. She began to look through the cupboards. \"Would you like some hot chocolate, father? I know Betty must have some somewhere.\" Jack smiled and then walked to a cupboard at the opposite end of where his daughter was looking. He took out a tin of drinking chocolate and two mugs; one was black and the other was green, and brought them over to Cecilia. \"Do you know how to make it?\" he teased. Cecilia glared at her father, then chuckled noting the old mugs he had brought over. She recognized them as 'father/daughter' set her mother had bought for them one Christmas years ago. Jack stood back and let Cecilia prepare the hot chocolate. Then with their mugs firmly in hand, Jack led his daughter to his study. He turned on the light and gestured for her to enter closing the door behind them. Looking around the room, Cecilia realized that she had never actually been in the room that she could remember. He had quite a nice collection of books in his private library. Many of them first editions, and some exclusive to his library and not duplicated in the main library. What stunned her most was the condition the room was in. It was a mess. There were piles of papers and folders everywhere. The trash basket was over flowing and even the chairs had plies of books and papers on them. There were two cozy chairs by and end table that were clear, but the end table was covered with folders. She laughed as her father shoved the folders off the end table and placed his mug on the table gesturing for Cecilia to do the same. \"I see that my taste for sweets is not the only thing I inherited from you.\" Cecilia laughed as they each took a seat. Jack laughed sheepishly at the daughter. \"Not exactly something one would be proud of, however unlike you, Sister Tallis, my office looks just like this.\" Cecilia shook her head and took her seat. \"You know your mother misses you dearly.\" Jack replied. \"I'm sure you saw that she has a place set for you on the off chance you return home. Leon gives her a hard time about it. She keeps doing it, for breakfast and for dinner. I joke with her about the breakfast because you have never been on to rise early.\" \"I'll be sure put aside some time for her before I leave.\" Cecilia replied. Jack nodded. \"Now, what was it you wanted to talk to me about?\" Taking a sip of her hot chocolate, Cecilia then took a deep breath. \"First, I want to say that I'm sorry.\" \"Little Cee, you don't have anything to apologize for.\" Jack reassured. \"Nobody blames you for leaving the way you did after the way we treated you. It's we who should apologize to you. We all turned against you because of your steadfast devotion to Robbie and your belief in his innocence. No one should have been surprised when you turned your back on us. I remember Leon was simply horrified that you ignored him when he waited for you outside the hospital where you were working. I scolded him and told him you had every right to ignore him for the way he's always treated Robbie. Sometimes I wondered if he treated him the way he did because he actually wanted him. Would explain a lot.\" \"Thank you. That means a lot to me. But I wasn't referring to that.\" Cecilia replied. Confused, Jack sipped at his hot chocolate which his daughter had made just the way he liked it; extra chocolate, straight up, no marshmallows or whipping cream. \"Then what on Earth are you apologizing for then?\" \"My third.\" \"Your what?\" Jack asked. \"My third at Cambridge. It must have cost you a fortune to have both myself and Robbie attend even with our respective scholarships.\" she answered. \"I know how proud you and mother were when I got accepted. I'm sorry I let you down, father.\" \"Is that why you avoided me all those years? You weren't doing well in school?\" he asked. \"I know I angered you when I brought my girlfriend with me that one time I came to see you. I thought it was because of that.\" \"I let you down. I'm much smarter than 'a third'. I should have finished with 'a first' like Robbie did. But I let myself get distracted, I let you down. I'm sorry.\" Jack took his daughter's hands in his and looked into her chocolate brown eyes. He could see how sincere she was with her apology. \"Cecilia, you have never let me down as far as your education is concerned.\" Jack replied. \"You were accepted in to Roedean at eleven. You were accepted into Cambridge. Cambridge, Little Cee. Do you have any idea how proud your mother and I were? I tested to get in when I was your age and couldn't get in. Your brother nearly flunked out. He only did the most minimal of work. The only thing that would have disappointed me was if you flunked out. But you didn't. And look at you now. A Ward Sister!\" \"But I should have done better.\" Cecilia replied. \"Don't be so hard on yourself. Although I imagine it was a bit embarrassing returning home having been bested by 'the housekeeper's son'.\" he replied. \"My visit wasn't the distraction was it? If it was, I'm sorry. I know how close you always were with your mother, and my bringing a girlfriend along was uncalled for.\" \"It wasn't you, father.\" Cecilia replied with a smirk. Cecilia and her father enjoyed a good laugh as she told him about her Roedean chums and Robbie affecting her studies. After a few moments, Cecilia turned serious. \"About Robbie, father.\" she replied softly with a slight tremble in her voice. \"Honestly, what do you think of him? It doesn't really matter what you think because my mind about him is made up. I've already severed my ties here so I can leave again. I have my own life now and I'm quite content. But I want to know...\" Jack sat back in his char and sipped his hot chocolate trying to read the face of his little girl. His little girl was a beautiful young woman. Despite her often cold exterior, he knew that inside she was a loving, caring soul. Her kind heart was evident from the way she was always there to tend to her mother and younger sister. \"From the day little Robert Ernest Turner was brought into this life I liked him. He was a funny little boy. I remember one morning I found Grace bathing him in the kitchen sink. She said that Ernest said the little boy made too much noise and to shut him up or take him elsewhere. Robbie was as quite as a mouse compared to your brother.\" Cecilia smiled. Grace has shared many memories of her son with her, including that one. \"He was always smiling and getting into things, but in a good way. He was a very curious little boy. He always wanted to help. When Ernest left, I was more than willing to help Grace raise her little boy as was your mother even though we had our hands full with you. I gladly sponsored him through school because I felt that his curiosity had to be nurtured. He grew up to be a fine young man.\" Cecilia stared into her cup, afraid to meet her father's eyes. \"I'm in love with him, father,\" she replied softly. Since she was not looking at him, she did not see the warm grin that lighted up her father's face. \"He's asked me to marry him.\" \"Well, I hope you had enough sense to say 'yes', young lady.\" Jack responded as Cecilia looked up. \"A young man like Robbie is hard to find. I could set you up with a rich dashing millionaire. Look at the gem your cousin Lola ended up with. He could have been yours.\" Laughing she pulled out the ID tags she now wore around her neck. \"Not much of an engagement gift, but I did say yes and Robbie placed these around my neck.\" \"Does that mean Robbie made it home?\" Jack asked. \"Where is he now? Is he at the hospital?\" Cecilia sighed. \"He was. He was taken back to prison this morning.\" she replied sadly. \"That brings up something else I wanted to talk to you about. Briony admitted to me that she lied that evening confirming what I already knew in my heart. Robbie didn't do it. She wants to change her evidence. Do you think we have a chance of clearing Robbie's name?\" \"I'll be honest, Cecilia. No. It's been too long.\" Jack replied. He noticed his daughter's heart sink. \"But for yours and Grace's sake, I'm willing to give it a try. I couldn't believe that Robbie could have committed such a hideous crime. When did you speak to your sister?\" \"I've been working with her since I was transferred to St Thomas from the EMS at the start of the evacuation. Just because I'm talking to her does not mean I've forgiven her for what she's done. She understands that I still hate her but she is my sister and I love her.\" \"Who did she finger as the culprit?\" Jack asked. Cecilia took a deep breath. \"Paul Marshall.\" \"What? But Lola married him. Are you sure? Your mother will be devastated. Are you sure Briony isn't lying to gain favor with you again?\" Jack asked. \"You don't believe that Robbie is actually guilty, do you, father?\" Cecilia asked in disbelief. \"No, I don't. Not the Robbie I knew and sponsored through school with the same pride as I did my own children.\" Jack reassured. \"What I am saying, Cee, Briony is known to lie or stretch the truth. She lives in her own world at times... seeing but not seeing. She might be saying what you want to hear because she misses her big sister. And there was quite a lot of evidence stacked against Robbie.\" \"Only because it was deliberately made to look that way.\" Cecilia replied. \"The attack at the fountain, the letter, the attack in the library. It was me at the fountain. The letter was intended for my eyes, and my eyes only, further more that version was a mistake and not the version he intended to give to me. I was in the library with him.\" \"I'm just playing 'devil's advocate' so do not be angry by what I'm going to ask, but if you were to take yourself out of the equation, do you think there was any way Robbie could have committed the crime?\" \"No!\" Cecilia cried out obviously not very successful in taking herself out of the equation as her father asked. \"Robbie wouldn't have been so stupid! When he showed up at the house, I answered the door. I led him to the library. We were interrupted by Briony who obviously did not understand what she was witnessing. Robbie wasn't attacking me. All we had to do was wait until after dinner to sneak away and find a place to continue.\" Jack burst out laughing. He knew it was not the most appropriate response for what his daughter had just said but he could not help himself. \"Cecilia?\" he asked. \"Did you lose your virginity in the library that night?\" \"What?\" Cecilia asked flushing with embarrassment. Did her father ask what she thought he had asked? \"Your mother lost hers in the library,\" he snickered. \"It was the night of our engagement party. Everybody was drunk so we weren't missed and we snuck away from the festivities for a few moments.\" \"Father!\" she responded completely scandalized by learning a little more than she wanted to about her parents. Jack laughed, then turned serious. \"It's not going to be easy. It might be impossible. Going up against Paul Marshall will not be easy. He has a lot of money and a lot of influence. That is probably why things went the way they did. He has a lot of supporters.\" \"I'm not fooling myself. I know it will be difficult, but I cannot live with myself I do not try. Not necessarily for me but because he's innocent, and I want to prove it.\" she replied. \"I know of a few people who have gotten to know Robbie after he was convicted who are willing to testify on behalf of his character. And Marshall's Army Ammo Bars are not as popular as he thinks they are.\" \"He's married to the one you are accusing him of attacking. That isn't going to help our case at all.\" \"I'm not out to prove who did it, father, only that Robbie is innocent.\" Cecilia replied. \"Besides, Lola is an idiot. She probably asked for it.\" \" This is going to be extremely hard on your mother if Paul Marshall is indeed the real culprit. I know full well what an idiot your Aunt Hermione is, don't tell your mother I said that, and her daughter is just like her. Flash a wad of cash and a fancy car in front of her and she's all yours. but saying Lola asked for it, is a bit mean. \" \"Yes, it is. I'm sorry. Rape is wrong no matter how old the victim.\" she apologized. \"I don't want to hurt anyone more than I already have. I don't want you or mother to think that my motives are purely selfish. I won't deny that there is some bit of selfishness but even I noticed that Robbie wasn't given a proper defense. I was in the court room every day of the trial in support of Robbie.\" \"Now that you mention it his defense was a bit lacking. I wasn't there every day, but I went a few times.\" Jack replied. \"Most of the evidence and testimony seemed to point toward his guilt.\" \"There was very little evidence, but a lot of testimony. Third person testimony.\" Cecilia replied. \"There was the incident by the fountain where he allegedly forced a young woman to take off her clothes and jump in obviously so he could look at her in wet clothes. Did they bother to ask the young woman in that incident to testify? No, they did not. If they did the young woman would have testified that she willingly took off her clothes and jumped in the fountain to retrieve a piece of the broken vase. Robbie was a perfect gentleman and turned away when he realized that he could see through her wet clothes.\" Jack was laughing again. Cecilia really didn't mind this time. Her actions were pretty silly. \"Why on Earth did you do such a thing?\" Jack asked. \"I was being stubborn. I didn't want him to be the 'gentleman' and go in after it himself.\" Cecilia snickered. \"And the vase. Why were you filling it with filthy fountain water?\" \"Mother asked me to pick some flowers and fill Uncle Clem's vase with water to put up in Auntie Venus' room for Mr. Marshall.\" Cecilia replied. \"I went outside to the fountain because Robbie was outside.\" \"You were that much in love with the boy? You silly girl!\" her father responded. \"And it was you who broke my brother's vase? I blamed and yelled at Betty!\" \"I know. I apologized to her.\" \"I have a few friends in other departments. I'll see what I can do about helping you prove Robbie innocent. But I don't want you to get your hopes up. I'm not promising you that anything will be done to free him.\" Jack replied. \"I understand,\" his daughter replied. \"Your support means a lot to me. I'll marry Robbie behind bars if I have to. When we get an address, you should write to him. It would mean a lot to hear from you personally that you support his innocence and give him your blessing to marry me.\" \"I will do that.\" Jack responded. He was very proud of his daughter. She had grown up into a fine young lady, but she was still his 'Little Cee'.[Chapter 10] Disclaimer Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and to Keira Knightley, James McAvoy, Romola Garai and the rest of the cast for bringing Joe's vision to life. All rights to those who own them. I claim nothing. Author's notes Upon beginning to read the novel again, I realized that Leon went to Cambridge as well. The previous chapter has been updated to reflect that, but nothing other than that has changed. Sorry I'm so slow to update. I do have this story written on paper for several chapters so don't worry it will continue. A \"What if...?\" Story. \"What if Robbie made it home? Love Never Dies by Ninja Elizabeth Chapter 10: Home at last Emily woke to the sound of a gentle knock on her bedroom door. She wasn't even sure she had heard it. Behind her eye mask she closed her eyes and attempted to go back to sleep. She then heard the gentle knock again. This time she angrily sat up pulling the eye mask off her face only to be blinded by the light of the early morning sun. \"Oh, for crying out loud! Who is it?\" She yelled. The door opened painfully slowly, which should have enraged her even more but instead she felt herself chuckling at a memory of years long gone when her little Cecilia would knock ever so quietly and peer into the room to see if she was all right. She was startled at the sight of not a little Cecilia peering in but a fully grown Cecilia entering the room with a breakfast tray in her hands. Not quite believing her eyes she called out to her sleeping husband awake. She had to be dreaming. Cecilia laughed as her father groaned and resisted her mother's attempt to wake him. \"Good morning, mother.\" she replied. Jack yawned and stretched out looking at his wife. \"What is it, Emmie?\" He smelled food. He saw Cecilia standing before them. \"Little Cee, did we miss breakfast or have you -gasp!- gotten up early and fixed us breakfast?\" She laughed at her father's teasing as her parents sat up to receive the breakfast tray she had prepared for each of them. \"I'm early.\" \"Is it safe to eat?\" Jack asked. \"You're still alive after the parfait I made last night aren't you?\" Cecilia teased in response. \"Although it might not quite be what you are used to. I'm not as proficient a cook as Betty, but I get by.\" Emily was stunned at what her husband and daughter had said. \"Cecilia, you made the dessert last night? When did you arrive?\" \"Yes, I made the dessert as well as the chocolate mustard sauce for the steak.\" Cecilia replied. \"I arrived late yesterday morning.\" \"Don't discount your skill, little one. That sauce for the steak was marvelous! And the dessert was a work of art. Betty's never made anything like that.\" Emily complimented. \"Well, I like dessert.\" She smiled. \"Must have been inherited and I developed the skill to prepare it as a defense mechanism. I've never attempted something so fancy. Usually, I just make a simple cake or custard.\" Emily chuckled. \"At least that's one good thing you inherited from your father.\" she responded giving her husband a teasing glare. \"How did you come up with that chocolate mustard sauce?\" Cecilia laughed. She knew what inheritance her mother was referring to. \"Betty asked me to make the sauce because I had tasted it before.\" she continued. \"Marshall came into the kitchen with the subtle suggestion that we apply his 'chocolate' to a savory application.\" \"Have you finally come home, Cecilia?\" her mother asked with a hopeful tone. \"I've missed you so much.\" \"Only for a visit, I'm afraid.\" Cecilia replied. \"I'm on holiday for a week. Marjorie was very kind in letting me have the whole week off when I explained about why June 21 meant so much to me. I have to return to the hospital.\" \"Damn this stupid war.\" Emily responded. \"Promise me, Cecilia, when the war is over that you will return home? I want to have at least one of my children home.\" \"I can't do that, mother.\" Cecilia answered. \"I have my own life now. I enjoy being a nurse. I'm thinking of going to medical school to further my training.\" Emily looked over her daughter. \"What are you wearing? Are you sure you are doing okay? Your father can send you money.\" Cecilia liked her dress. It was one of her favorites. She looked at her mother and smiled. She knew she was only concerned for her well being. \"I'm doing fine, mother. I have no need for fancy dresses now. It feels nice to be out on my own. I know that I may not have turned out quite the way you might have liked, but I'm happy now for the most part.\" \"For the most part? What's missing?\" \"Well, Robbie for one.\" Cecilia replied. She took a deep breath. \"And my family. I don't want to hate all of you, but I feel like I was betrayed. What you did hurt.\" Tears formed in Emily's eyes. \"Cecilia, if I apologized for my actions that night, would you forgive me?\" \"I don't know.\" Cecilia replied honestly. \"I asked myself 'why' for so long.\" \"Everything that night was chaos. I don't know where I went wrong.\" Emily cried. \"I wanted to give my niece and nephews a home. Something they never really had with my sister. I can use my migraines as an excuse but in truth, I failed them, I failed you.\" Cecilia walked around the bed and hugged her mother. \"You haven't failed me, mother. It just hurt so much that night. It seemed like you didn't care about me. You immediately took Briony's side and never listened to what I had to say. Everybody ganged up on Robbie. He was guilty before he even had a chance to defend himself and put into the police car.\" she replied. \"And if anybody understands your migraines it's me. I know how painful they can be.\" \"I'm sorry, Cecilia. Do you suffer from them too?\" Emily asked. \"I may have lost Lola, I don't want to lose you. I've missed you so much. Can you ever forgive me?\" \"I do. Sometimes the pain is so great I just want to throw up.\" Cecilia replied. \"You haven't lost me. I'm here now. I've missed you.\" \"Have you really?\" Emily asked accusingly. \"I've seen you a few times, at the bungalow, visiting Grace. It's not a long walk down the path to the main house. You know that. You made it yesterday. If you missed us so much, why didn't you make that walk until today?\" \"I was hurt. I hated all of you.\" \"What changed this time?\" Emily asked. \"I wanted to talk to Grace. I didn't want to wait for her at the bungalow. I came to tell her that Robbie had returned from France.\" \"Oh? That's wonderful news! Is he coming home?\" \"No. He was taken back to prison yesterday.\" Cecilia replied sadly. \"That still doesn't explain why you decided to stay talk to us after all these years.\" \"Grace urged me to talk to father, and you.\" she replied. \"I've also talked to Briony. I'm at working St Thomas again. If I could talk to her, then it was time I talked to you and father.\" \"You are a Ward Sister, now, correct?\" \"Yes.\" \"I'm so proud of you.\" Emily replied. \"Please don't be a stranger anymore? Please come and visit us when you visit Grace?\" \"On one condition. You must accept that I am in love with Robbie. I believe in his innocence and I have never wavered in my support.\" Cecilia responded. \"If you can accept that, then I will visit.\" Emily smiled. \"Robbie is a nice fellow. Of course, I can accept him. Things happened so fast that evening... I don't know what I was thinking... I still don't know what to make of things that night. So will you be staying for dinner? I want you to sit next to me.\" \"I will mother.\" Jack looked at his wife. \"Emmie, dear. Eat up before you food gets too cold. It's edible.\" Jack smiled at his daughter who looked slightly insulted. Jack laughed. \"Cecilia, did you eat?\" \"Yes, I did. I'll come back later for the tray. I'll be in my room if you need me.\" (-+-+-+-+-+-+-) Briony finished her shift. She was starving. She headed to the cafeteria to grab some breakfast before getting some rest. The food was the usual slop; watery eggs, some kind of meat product, stale bread and bitter coffee to wash it all down. No wonder the nurses often spoke with excitement at the prospect of moving to a flat of their own. Noticing Fiona sitting with a few other probationers and young nurses. Briony made her way over to her friend. They were laughing and giggling at something. They became suspiciously quiet when Briony sat down. One of the nurses looked at Briony's name tag. \"B. Tallis. Are you related to Sister Tallis?\" she asked. \"Sister Tallis is my older sister.\" Briony answered already dreading the series of questions she was sure to follow. She already suspected what they had been laughing about and why everyone got so quiet at her arrival. She glared at Fiona. \"She seems so much more mature than you.\" the nurse replied. \"She's ten years older than me.\" A few of those seated at the table began to snicker. \"Have you heard the rumors about your sister and Sister Drummond having an affair?\" somebody asked. Briony was angry but she tried not to show it. \"Yes. And I can assure you that they are absolutely not true. My sister has a fellow.\" \"That doesn't mean she can't be having an affair with Sister Drummond!\" someone else responded, causing the table to erupt with laughter. \"I heard that Sister Tallis hates you and refuses to speak to you. What do you know of her personal life?\" Another nurse replied. \"I've talked to my sister. In fact she told me that she is engaged to be married to the man she loves.\" Briony replied in a pitiful attempt to repel the rumors. \"I heard that Sister Drummond and Sister Tallis were probationers together at this very hospital, and that Sister Tallis eventually was transferred.\" another nurse responded as though no one had heard Briony's words. \"I also heard that it was Sister Drummond who personally requested for Sister Tallis to come back. Sounds like they did more than just train together if you ask me.\" Everyone except Briony burst out laughing. When the laughter subsided, Briony hoped the topic had been exhausted, but she was wrong. \"Sister Drummond never seems to like anyone. She seems to be awfully close to Sister Tallis. They seem to spend a lot of time in the office!\" Fiona giggled. \"Oh for Pete's Sake, Fi, it's probably just business.\" Briony replied. No one listened to Briony. Fiona continued. \"I wouldn't be surprised if their relationship was slightly sadomasochistic!\" she chuckled. \"Only slightly?\" someone asked. \"I wonder who is the dominate one?\" asked someone else. \"I'll bet they take turns!\" yet another one replied. The girls continued to laugh. \"I wonder what kind of a guy would fall in love with Sister Tallis.\" someone mused as the laughter began to subside. \"Moreover, does he know about her affair and sadomasochistic tendencies?\" someone chuckled. \"Enough!\" Briony screamed. \"My sister is not into sadomasochism and she is engaged to the nicest, sweetest man I've ever meant. My sister may be stubborn but she is not a bitch. Robbie was our groundskeeper. His mother is our housekeeper.\" Fiona giggled. \"You forgot to mention that he was here in the hospital. He was in the Army and taken back to prison.\" \"Prison?\" someone asked. \"What is he in prison for if he's so nice?\" \"He raped a fifteen year old girl!\" Fiona answered. \"She was Briony's cousin! Can you believe that? Ward Sister Tallis is engaged to a convicted rapist!\" Briony was fuming. She had trusted her friend with her personal information and now she was blurting it out to everyone. She was sure it would get back to her sister and it would impact her already uneasy relationship. She was certain the Ward Sisters know of the rumors spreading about them. \"Is that true, Tallis? Is Sister Tallis engaged to a rapist?\" \"No. It's not true.\" Briony replied. It was true. Robbie was innocent. He wasn't a rapist. \"That's not what you told me, Briony.\" Fiona replied. \"Sister Tallis is engaged to Robbie Turner. He was the private who was taken away to prison. Can you imagine being engaged to a monster like that?\" \"Robbie is not a monster!\" Briony responded. \"He did not rape my cousin. I didn't understand what was going on. I was jealous of my sister. I lied! The table went silent and all eyes turned to Briony. Briony didn't know what to think. One of the younger nurses turned to Briony. \"Was Robbie that Private who tried to strangle you, Tallis?\" she asked. \"Yes.\" Briony replied dreading what would come next. \"I assisted Nurse Bennet in caring for him a few times.\" She replied. \"He seemed like such the nicest fellow. He liked his tea with no milk, and two sugars. Very soft spoken and pleasant to talk to. Not at all like the other soldiers. He doesn't strike me as the type who would force himself on anyone.\" \"His father left when he was four. My father took to helping his mother with raising him and sponsored him through school. He was always helping about the house and eventually became one of our groundskeepers.\" Briony replied. \"Sister Tallis doesn't seem like a fool. She's a really good nurse. I like to think that I've learned a lot from her.\" the nurse continued. \"She wouldn't give her heart to just anyone.\" \"My sister may be stubborn at times, but she has a kind heart. And she's not a fool.\" Silence again. Then somebody spoke causing Briony to groan. \"Rapists and other woman must be all the attention Sister Tallis can get!\" The table erupted in laughter again. Briony realized that it was hopeless to change their minds and realized just what a daunting task her sister had undertaken. (-+-+-+-+-+-+-) As he walked down the long corridor on the way to his room, Leon noticed the door to his older sister's room open and panicked. Had he left it open upon his last visit? He was sure he had closed it firmly when he left. Reaching the door he heard somebody inside. Emily had declared Cecilia's room 'off limits' since her departure five years ago and no one was to go inside. He entered to scold the occupant. Before he could see who it was he was noticed first and greeted with a slap to his face. \"How dare you, Leon!\" an angry Cecilia responded as Leon realized what had just happened. \"Did you think I would not notice your sick and perverted invasion into my privacy?\" Leon ignored his sister's anger. \"Sis-cilia! When did you arrive? It's so nice to see you!\" he exclaimed. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Spare me the pleasantries, Leon.\" Cecilia replied. \"Just because my room is a mess does not mean I do not know where I keep things. I know you've been in here.\" \"How do you know it was me? You know Briony was always going through your things.\" Leon responded. \"I used to see her coming from your room many times before she left home.\" \"Briony went through my vanity, my perfumes and my jewelry, not my under garments, Leon.\" Cecilia replied obviously angry. \"I've missed you.\" Leon replied trying to change the subject. \"Have you decided to come home? You know Emily misses you terribly. Are you actually cleaning? Do you need any help?\" Cecilia sighed. \"No, I came to visit Grace. I decided it was time I tried to speak to mother and father.\" She had seen the look on her brother's face many times in the ward and had become immune to it, but on her brother, it disturbed her greatly. \"I do not need your help, but thank you. Now if you will please leave. And I would appreciate it if you stay out of my room when I'm away.\" Leon did not move. \"I'm your brother, Cee.\" \"Yes, you are, and it's high time you remembered that.\" Cecilia responded returning her attention to her cleaning. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" \"You know damn well what it means, Leon.\" Cecilia snapped. \"Oh, don't think I haven't seen how you look at me, the way you are looking at me right now. The only thing that is preventing me from being completely disgusted is the fact that I see that look every day on the faces of the soldiers I tend to at the hospital.\" \"Can't I look at you and admire you?\" \"Admire? Yes. Leer? No.\" Cecilia replied. \"And a brother should not be going through his sister's knickers. Now, I will ask you again, Leon. Please leave. I have a lot of cleaning up to do.\" Leon pretended to be shocked. \"Did I just hear you say you had cleaning to do? Cee, you don't have to do this. That is what we have servants for. All you have to do is ask one of them to do it.\" Cecilia found hidden stash of cigarettes. She laughed at herself. She had looked everywhere for them the day she packed up to leave home five years ago. \"Did I not ask you to leave, Leon?\" \"Oh come on, Cee.\" Leon replied. \"You ignored me when I waited outside the hospital for you. I know you saw me. It's been five years, Cee. Why won't you talk to me? You're home now. Isn't it time to let it go?\" Cecilia looked up from her task. \"Are you still friends with Paul Marshall?\" \"Yes, I am.\" Leon responded with a sense of pride. \"You know his chocolate factory is doing quite well. The old man is quite the fool for not investing in it. And I'm sure you know that he's married our cousin Lola. You could have been his wife, Cee. Don't tell me after all these years you are still hung up on Robbie.\" \"I am not 'hung up on him'. I am in love with him.\" \"Get over him. He's not worth it.\" Leon replied. \"I mean look at you. Have you looked at yourself? What are you wearing?\" It was the second time in a day she was asked that question. The first by her mother whom she knew was concerned about her wellbeing. Leon however was merely concerned about her image, or more to the point, his image. \"Is there something the matter with what I'm wearing?\" Cecilia asked. \"This happens to be one of my favorite dresses.\" \"Five years ago you wouldn't have been caught dead wearing something like that. What has happened to you? You should be ashamed.\" \"Ashamed? Of what?\" Cecilia asked not believing that her brother could be so shallow. \"I left home not knowing where I was going or what I was going to do. I found a good job, Leon. I have held that same job for five years and earned several promotions. I am also considering going to medical school when the war is over in order to advance even further.\" Leon laughed at his sister. \"Medical school? Are you mad? You can't even afford decent clothes! How are you going to afford going to medical school?\" \"The hospital is going to sponsor me. The hospital administration chose several nurses and field doctors who wish to further their careers.\" Cecilia replied. \"I'm sorry that I haven't kept up with the latest fashions but I have better things to do with my time. And I prefer to live on my own and not leech off my friends so I can't really afford them if I wanted to.\" Don't tell me you are actually happy and satisfied with the way you are living, Cee.\" Leon responded. \"Look at all you've given up. Come live with me. My flat is probably ten times bigger than where ever you are living. I'll reintroduce you into society and you won't have to worry about money. I'll buy you some new clothes.\" \"No thank you.\" Cecilia replied. \"As hard as it may be to believe. I am actually happy with my life. My flat may not be much bigger than my bedroom here, but it's mine.\" \"Is it as messy?\" Leon teased. \"That is none of your concern.\" Cecilia snapped. \"Surely there must be something you miss with your simple life. Don't tell me there isn't.\" \"Yes, there are things I miss, but I've learned to live without them.\" Cecilia replied. \"I've learned to appreciate what I do have and find joy in the more simple things. I have no need for fancy things.\" \"Simpler, you mean cheap.\" Leon replied. \"Cee, what's gotten into you? Let me help you. You don't have to be ashamed. I can loan you money.\" Cecilia laughed. \"Listen to yourself. If you think that I can't afford decent clothes, how the hell do you think I'm going to be able to pay off a loan?\" \"Fine. I'll give you the money then.\" \"I don't need a hand out. The clothes I have suit my needs. I have no need for fancy dresses. I don't go out to dinner parties or social gatherings.\" Cecilia replied. \"You need to go out more. Allow me to take you out. I can introduce you to many a fine gentleman in high society. Perhaps you will even find a candidate for a husband.\" \"I don't have time for socializing. When I get home I'm usually only up for a hot bath and perhaps a little reading before bed.\" Cecilia replied. \"I often work double, sometimes triple shifts at the hospital.\" \"Call out sick one night, Cee, and I will treat you out to a night on the town.\" Leon responded determined to not give up. \"You are never going to find yourself a husband dressed like that and constantly working. Let me take you shopping and introduce you to some of my friends.\" \"Are they anything like Paul Marshall?\" Cecilia asked. \"Well, not as successful or rich, but definitely ones to be considered a fine catch.\" \"If they are anything like him, even in the slightest, I will have to decline.\" \"And what is wrong with Paul Marshall? He's rich, successful, and incredibly handsome.\" \"So you say, Leon. He is not handsome in my book. He's also pompous, conceited and obnoxious. And if he's so rich, the least he can do is hire a decent barber to clip his nose hair.\" \"Cecilia, you are going to have to make some sacrifices if you intend to find yourself a decent husband. And if you don't mind me saying, it's you who is sounding pompous and conceited.\" \"Why? For stating the obvious? I don't know why your friend thinks it's attractive to have hair coming out of his nose and ears. I said it before. It looks like pubic hair. I don't want to be a trophy wife, Leon. I want someone who will love me for who I and let me be.\" Cecilia took note of her brother not only using her full name as well as pronouncing it properly. Leon laughed. \"Good luck finding someone like that, Cee. You aren't getting any younger. Lola was smart to take advantage of her opportunity to snag Paul. Think of how happy it would have made father if you married Paul Marshall? Wife of the chocolate millionaire?\" \"Don't even get me started on what I think of our cousin Lola,\" Cecilia responded. \"To not having the courage to testify in the trial is one thing but to marry the man who may have violated her is just plain stupid.\" \"Wait a minute. Are implying that it was Paul who raped her that night?\" Leon exclaimed. \"Cecilia, you know it was Robbie. Briony said so.\" \"And you believed her?\" Cecilia asked. \"I know Robbie did not do it. And Briony has recanted her testimony. She saw who did it, and it was not Robbie.\" \"How can you be so sure she isn't lying to you now? You know how close she is to you.\" Leon responded. \"To be honest, I don't know.\" Cecilia replied. \"I do know however that Robbie didn't do it.\" \"Wake up, Cee. Robbie is in prison. You were there every day of the trial. Did you not hear all the evidence against him?\" Leon asked. \"What I heard, Leon, was statements of events that were made to lead one to conclude that Robbie was guilty, no actual facts other than the words of a jealous thirteen year old who by witnessing something that day suddenly decided that she was more mature than she actually was.\" Cecilia responded. Leon laughed. \"You're grasping at straws.\" \"Am I?\" Cecilia asked. \"The girl he forced to remove her clothing and jump into the fountain. Where was she to testify? The girl he attacked in the library. Where was she? Surely the case against Robbie would have left absolutely no doubt and only strengthened an already strong case had they had testimony from them don't you think? Don't you think they would have wanted the strongest case possible to assure a conviction?\" \"They obviously didn't need them. Robbie was found guilty.\" Leon replied. \"It wasn't that they didn't need them. It was more of the case that she would have jeopardized the case against him.\" Cecilia replied. \"The girl by the fountain would have told them that she was being stubborn. She removed her clothes on her own and jumped into the fountain to retrieve the broken piece of the vase they had so foolishly broken only moments before with a ridiculous tug of war. Why? She had no clue. As for the girl in the library? She led him into the darkened room. She confessed her love for him and gave herself to him willingly. There was nothing he did that she did not want him to do.\" \"That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.\" \"It's not ridiculous, Leon, because it's the truth. Who the hell do you think the girl was?\" Cecilia asked. \"Oh come on, you can't be serious.\" Leon replied. \"If that's true, why didn't you protest? Why didn't you speak up?\" \"I did, but no one would hear any of it.\" Cecilia cried. \"As soon as Briony said she saw him, no one wanted to believe anything else. No one wanted to listen to me. Robbie was guilty before he ever had a chance to defend himself.\" \"All right how do you explain that letter he wrote to Briony?\" Leon asked. \"He didn't write the letter to Briony. He wrote it to me!\" Cecilia responded. \"It was not the version he meant to give to me. She had no business opening it regardless.\" \"But why give the letter to Briony? And for that matter, why did he have to write you a letter?\" \"Because you're an idiot and invited him to dinner.\" Cecilia replied. \"Being a gentleman he felt the need to apologize for his foolish behavior at the fountain. You wouldn't understand. I have the draft he meant to send in my flat. It's quite different and handwritten, signed simply 'Robbie'. I'm sure there are several rejected versions, and the letter he sent by mistake was written out of frustration of not being able to say what he wanted to say, and in the process typed exactly what was on his mind.\" \"And how would you know what he was thinking that day, Cee? He could have been thinking something far more violent. I think you're giving him far too much credit.\" \"And I think you're not giving him enough. Have you ever known Robbie to be violent or forceful?\" Cecilia asked. \"I can only speculate based on my own feelings that day. He was luck he had that one and only suit. As for myself? I must have tried one at least a half dozen dresses, some twice before I settled on the green halter gown I wore.\" Leon laughed. \"Robbie is in prison now so you need to move on. He's no good for you anyway. He's the housekeeper's son. Let me find you a good husband. There's still time. I think I can find a gentleman who can forgive you for your foolishness. You need someone to take care of you before you die an old maid.\" \"I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself, thank you very much.\" Cecilia replied feeling insulted. \"And I do not need your assistance in finding a husband. I am happily engaged.\" Leon's eyes lit up. \"Really?\" he asked filled with renewed excitement which Cecilia knew would be short lived. \"How did you meet him? Why didn't you say do in the first place? How much money does he have? Is he a doctor? Have you seen the size of the ring Paul gave Lola? How come you aren't wearing a ring? Does it interfere with your work?\" Cecilia remained perfectly calm. Her years working in the hospital helped with that. Inside she was laughing. \"He's a soldier.\" It wasn't completely a lie. He had been a soldier before being taken back to prison. \"There wasn't time for a ring, so he gave me these. She pulled out the ID tags she now wore around her neck. She didn't quite trust Leon to give them back if she took them off. \"Isn't he going to need these? Where is he stationed?\" Leon asked before reading the name on the tags. Turner, Robert Ernest. He laughed out loud. \"Cee, this is a joke, right? You can't possibly be engaged to Robbie.\" Angrily, Cecilia snatched the ID tags from her brother's hand and tucked them away hidden from view. \"It's not a joke. Robbie asked me to marry him before he was taken away to prison and I said yes.\" \"You can't marry him!\" \"Why not?\" \"He has no money. He has no status. He's the housekeeper's son for Pete's sake.\" \"I don't care about money and status anymore.\" Cecilia replied with confidence. \"I love him, Leon, and he loves me. And I am going to marry him.\" \"Does the old man know? Has he asked him for permission?\" Leon asked. \"Yes, father knows and has given his approval for us to be married.\" Cecilia responded as she pushed Leon out of her room. \"Now get out.\" As she shoved her brother out her mother entered appearing quite flustered. She turned and looked briefly at her son then turned back to Cecilia. \"Cecilia! Why didn't you tell me you and Robbie are engaged! Oh my goodness! I am going to have to ask Betty to prepare a special dinner for tonight. She's going to kill me!\" With that said, Emily was gone. Cecilia laughed. (-+-+-+-+-+-+) After a nice simple lunch with her mother and father, Cecilia made her way to the kitchen to see if she could be of some help. She didn't want to be of any burden to Betty. \"What are you doing here?\" Betty asked seeing her enter. \"I've come to see if you need any help.\" Cecilia replied. \"You can't help.\" Betty responded. Cecilia laughed. \"Betty, didn't we go through this routine already?\" Betty chuckled. \"Yes, we did, but this time I'm not going to let you talk me into allowing you to help.\" \"Did I do something wrong?\" Cecilia asked a bit worried. \"Oh, no. You did nothing wrong. This is your engagement dinner. I'm not going to allow you to help with that. Grace and I have something planned. It's nothing special, but it is something you and Robbie both will like.\" \"Okay. But, Betty, I want you to enjoy yourself too. I want you to make something special for yourself. You won't be at the table with us, but I want you a part of the celebration as well.\" Cecilia replied. \"This is for Robbie and me. You've been a part of our lives.\" \"Yes, ma'am,\" Betty replied. \"Congratulations.\" \"Thank you.\" Cecilia replied. \"I really don't want you to go to any trouble for me tonight. The Marshall's already made you prepare a special luncheon for them.\" Grace snickered. \"We are preparing the left over stew. I thought it appropriate seeing how much you and Robbie enjoyed the stew the next day. And my dinner rolls. For dessert, oatmeal pancakes with chocolate sauce.\" \"The kind from the jar we used to drizzle over everything?\" Cecilia asked excitedly. \"Mother would get so disgusted when I would drizzle it over celery sticks.\" Betty laughed. \"Oh goodness! I had forgotten about that.\" She replied. \"I can't believe you liked that.\" Cecilia smiled. \"I supposed I'm going to have to learn how to prepare pancakes and oatmeal for Robbie if I am to be his wife.\" \"I will be happy to teach you.\" Grace replied. \"You don't think your parents will mind having left over stew for dinner?\" \"My parents will understand the gesture and meaning behind the food. It's perfect.\" Cecilia chuckled. \"The same cannot be said for the Marshalls or my brother for that matter. Beef stew, let alone left over beef stew is probably beneath them.\" \"You don't have to invite the Marshalls. They may be visitors, but this is your dinner. You don't have to extend the invitation to them. You have every right to exclude them.\" Betty replied. Cecilia sighed. \"I know, but his wife is my cousin. Paul Marshall really makes me sick. Since leaving home, I've come to dislike his type. But that would also mean you would have to make a special dinner for them and I don't want that. Not to mention I want to see the look on their faces when you serve beef stew. It's going to be lovely with the bottle of wine my father is going to unveil.\" Betty laughed. \"Oh, you can even save some trouble by serving it from the big pot!\" Cecilia responded. \"I'd ask you to have everyone serve ourselves, but Robbie and I were never allowed to. I remember getting so excited when you brought the big pot of stew to the table.\" \"Of course, honey. That makes it much easier. I don't have to transfer it and it will be much hotter coming right off the stove. I will put the rolls and other dishes on platters in the center of the table for you to pass around. I'm sure Marshall will appreciate that as well.\" Cecilia laughed. \"Now, Little Cee, get out of my kitchen. I have work to do.\" (-+-+-+-+-+-+-+) Having been kicked out of the kitchen and having her fill of cleaning for one day, Cecilia decided to go outside. She made her way to the terrace steps where she had found Robbie sitting rolling a cigarette that fateful day and took a seat. She took a cigarette from one of the packs she had found stashed in her room. As she lit it she laughed at herself turning toward the fountain. Taking a long drag she clutched the ID tags from underneath her dress. She was glad their foolishness was behind them, but she longed for them to be together. The gardens didn't look quite the same. They were not kept up the way they once were when Robbie took care of them. Robbie enjoyed working in the gardens. He took care with the flowers. He knew she loved flowers and always made sure there were different kinds so that there were blossoms year round. He liked digging in the dirt. Whether it be to plant seeds and bulbs or for worms to use as bait she remembered him always happy digging in the dirt when they were younger. It did not change as he got older. It had surprised and hurt when he had decided to continue his education to become a doctor. Her surprise was that he did not choose to learn more a landscaping or planting. It hurt that she felt that he was distancing himself and trying to become something he was not to try and impress her. She had tried to tell herself that she was happy but it didn't work. She didn't really blame him for not knowing how she felt. She ignored him at Cambridge. She had stopped kicking herself long ago for her foolishness. Her thoughts turned to that day in the library when they were interrupted by the sound of heeled shoes on pavement approaching her. She took a deep breath. Lola. \"Do you have a cigarette, Cee?\" her cousin asked. \"No.\" Cecilia responded without turning around. She took a puff. She had a fresh pack in her pocket but she felt like being stingy. Besides, two could play the ridiculous game of 'status'. She had been there and realized just how ridiculous it was. She knew that the only reason Lola was even talking to her was because their mothers were sisters making them cousins. \"And my name is Cecilia. Only those close to my heart may call me Cee.\" \"I'm not a child anymore, Cecilia.\" Lola responded putting emphasis on 'child' and 'Cecilia'. Cecilia heard her attempt to sound 'sophisticated' in her tone. She wondered, did she sound like that? \"I'm twenty years old now, you know.\" Lola added. \"Fancy that. That makes me twenty-eight.\" Cecilia replied dryly as she continued to puff on her cigarette. \"You could at least show me some courtesy by looking at me and offering me a cigarette.\" Lola replied. Cecilia turned around to look at her cousin. Her dress probably cost her or that is to say her husband far more than she could have ever afforded in her 'rich snob' years. \"Why? That would have deprived me the pleasure of making you ask for one only to have me answer 'no'.\" Cecilia replied. Lola made several attempts to sit down in a lady-like fashion, finally making it down beside Cecilia having failed miserably. Cecilia tried not to chuckle. \"Do you have a cigarette, now?\" Lola asked. \"No.\" came the reply again. \"Mother always scolded you about asking for cigarettes from me or Robbie.\" \"I'm not a child.\" \"Yes. You said that. You are twenty years old, but you are still the niece of Emily Tallis. Nothing will change that. Mother still hates that I smoke, so my answer is still no.\" \"You're being a snob.\" \"Touché. I am, but only to you.\" Cecilia replied. \"Let me make something perfectly clear, Lola. I have never liked you. You have always thought that you were better than us, and now that you are married to a rich man, you are even worse. We may be cousins, but that is all. I am not the person I was five years ago, but I have always been stubborn and done as I pleased. Things have changed with me. I've seen how the 'lower class' lives. I am not going to act a certain way to somebody just because they are of a higher class than me. Perhaps, if your first words were, 'hello, Cee, may I have a cigarette?' I might have given you one. But no. You asked me the question as though you expected me just turn around and offer you one just because you are Lola Marshall.\" \"You brought your lowly status upon yourself, Cecilia. Don't take out your resentment out on me or my husband.\" Lola replied. \"You could have had my life, but no. You chose to live your life defending and loving your housekeeper's son who was convicted and sent to prison for rape.\" \"Your rape, Lola. You talk of the crime as though it was someone else.\" Cecilia replied. \"It's not my fault your poor.\" Lola responded. \"Just because I don't have as much money as you, does not make me poor.\" Cecilia responded noticing how her cousin was avoiding the issue of her attack. \"I may not be able to go out and spend my money on the latest fashions but I'm not poor. What I buy now suits my needs. I am happy. I have a fiancé who loves me dearly and I love him. Can you sit there and tell me that you truly love your husband?\" \"People do not always marry for love.\" Lola replied. \"No, they certainly do not. I guess I'm fortunate then.\" \"Do you honestly believe that Robbie is going to get out and that the two of you will be married?\" Lola asked. \"In my heart, yes, but I also know that the reality of the situation is that he may never get out. That does not mean that I'm not going to give up hope. I'll marry Robbie in prison if they will allow it.\" \"How can you marry someone with no money?\" \"Money isn't everything. He makes me happy. Can you buy that with your husband's money, Lola?\" Cecilia asked. \"I once thought as you do and it nearly cost me everything that I truly loved. It was a decision that did actually cost me dearly but I have made amends with that part and I am truly happy once again. I am in love with Robbie Turner, the housekeeper's son. There is no shame in that. I have given myself to the man I love with all my heart. Can you say the same? Or I should ask, since you did not marry out of love, have you given yourself willingly out of a sense of duty?\" With that, Cecilia stood up and walked toward the fountain leaving Lola alone to ponder her cousin's words. (-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-) The Tallis family, with the addition of Emily's niece and her husband and Grace Turner, sat at the dining room table. Emily Tallis sat at one end, beside her one her right was her eldest daughter, Cecilia and to her left and empty chair, then her daughter's future mother-in-law and beloved housekeeper, Grace. She smiled proudly at her husband sitting at the head of the table. Jack Tallis smiled at his wife. At his right was his son Leon. To his left were Paul Marshall and his wife, Lola. There was a table setting next to Cecilia for his youngest daughter Briony and a setting for Robbie across from Cecilia. Grace looked at Cecilia. She could not help chuckle inside and forgave her for having the Marshalls at the table. She could understand her not wanting to trouble Betty into making a special dinner for them but what about her? It was her son who wasn't present because of them. The look of disgust that crossed their faces as she took her seat at the table was priceless. Betty entered the dining room and approached Jack with the bottle of wine she had been asked to retrieve from the wine cellar. \"Thank you, Betty. Fetch yourself a glass so that you may join us in the toast. You have been a part of Robbie and Cecilia's lives as much as we have.\" Jack replied turning to his son as Betty left to get a glass for herself. \"Leon, will you do me the honor of opening the bottle?\" Leon took the bottle and gave it a good look. He gasped. He was no wine expert, but he knew that the bottle in his hand was no ordinary bottle of wine. \"Father, you can't seriously be thinking of opening this for such an occasion as this?\" \"And why not?\" Jack asked as Betty returned. \"Have you any idea how much this would be worth?\" Leon asked. \"I have no idea and I do not care. I bought it for just this occasion.\" Jack responded. \"Now, please. Open it so that we may toast Robbie and Cecilia.\" Paul Marshall cleared his throat. \"I fancy myself a bit of a wine connoisseur, mind if I take a look at the bottle?\" Leon handed his friend the bottle. Cecilia groaned. Her mother shot her a look. Marshall took the bottle and gave it a look. \"Most impressive, Jack. I must commend you on your impeccable taste. A Bordeaux. 1912. A fine vintage. We must find some time to sit down and discuss wine.\" \"Oh, shut up!\" Cecilia exclaimed. This was her night. While she thought it would be funny to have them sit at the table for a quaint family dinner in hers and Robbie's honor to celebrate her engagement, she was not about to let Marshall ruin it by his need to impress. She knew it was not the wisest thing to insult the man but she felt that he had to be put in his place. She was certain Robbie would forgive her and perhaps find it funny. \"If you truly know as much as you think you do, they you will know that this wine was one of the best Bordeaux produced in the year 1912 which was not the best years for vintage wines. The Bordeaux's were of good quality at best. I learned this when my friends took me out to dinner for my 25th birthday. They wanted to buy a fine Bordeaux and were told of its average vintage. Father bought this wine in 1912; do you know the significance of that year, Mr. Marshall?\" \"It was a fine year to remember. 12 January, Robert F Scott reaches the South Pole; 10 April, the RMS Titanic sets out on her maiden voyage; 13 April, the British Royal Flying Corps are created by the Royal Charter.\" Marshall responded with a bit pride in his voice. \"You have neglected to mention the event with the most significance.\" Cecilia replied earning a glare from her brother. Marshall was taken aback. \"I did? Surely you cannot discount the significance of the formation of the Royal Air Force. It is those chaps that we owe our very lives to.\" \"We, Mr. Marshall, owe our lives to all of the Armed Forces, not just the Air Force, and not just our own.\" She replied. \"However, the event in 1912 which holds the most significance and was for which my father purchased this bottle was 26 March. Jack and Emily Tallis welcome their second child, Cecilia Emily into the world. So you see, there is nothing truly 'special' about this wine, other than my father bought it the year I was born to celebrate some accomplishment in my life.\" Emily raised her hand to cover her mouth so that no one would see her chuckle. \"That was uncalled for, Cee.\" Leon scolded taking the bottle back from his friend. \"Was it? I'm so sorry.\" Cecilia responded. \"But what I've stated it true, Leon. 1912 was not a good year for vintage wines. Just open the bottle like father asked you to do.\" Jack smiled at his daughter. He should have scolded her, but he could not bring himself to do so. He remembered buying the bottles twenty-eight years ago from the same vintner two years before. He remembered his purchase two years before, quite a good year, and told him that it was not a good year but the Bordeaux was good. He felt a bit sorry for his youngest. 1922 was a very poor year but there were two bottles in the cellar for her as well, nonetheless. Leon opened the bottle and began to serve the wine, starting with Paul then Lola. Cecilia did not look at him as he poured her glass followed by their mother's, Grace, his own and then their father's. Cecilia wasn't sure if he did it out of spite, or if he was merely going around the table. What he should have done, was pour hers first, as she and the absent Robbie were the guests of honor; then their father, mother, and Grace; then himself; and finally Paul and Lola. Taking the bottle from his son, Jack asked him to take his seat as he stood up and poured a glass for Betty. He then turned and addressed everyone. \"This is a day that I both dreaded and yet rejoice. I never wanted to give my little Cee away, but I can see no fault in giving her to a young man who I have had the pleasure of knowing his entire life, nor sharing her with a woman who has served us loyally all these years. Grace, you know as well as I do of Cecilia's stubbornness and I am sure you are happy that she has finally seen the light as to what was right in front of her. When Ernest left, how could I not keep you on my staff and do what I could to help raise your son. When he came of age he made himself a valued member of my staff. My eldest daughter and your son make a fine couple and will be happy for years to come. And I am sure you will agree that they will produce the most adorable grandchildren.\" Jack paused to make sure he did not upset his daughter. He was relieved to see her blushing and continued. \"I could ask for a finer man for my little Cee. Tonight, we toast, your son Grace, Robert Ernest, and mine and Emily's daughter, Cecilia Emily, and celebrate their engagement.\" Everyone raised their glasses. Grace then stood up. \"May I say a few words?\" \"Of course! By all means, Grace.\" Jack replied taking his seat. Grace turned and looked at Cecilia. Lola's look of disbelief did not go unnoticed by Grace, not did her husband's slight look of disgust. \"Cecilia, I have known you since the day you were born. As your father has already stated you are stubborn, but you have a loving and caring side which you allow very few to see. I feel privileged that I can count myself among one of them. I cannot think of a nicer young lady for my little boy to fall in love with. Your devotion to me and Robbie these past five years touches me greatly. He is very blessed to have your love as I am to be welcoming you into my family.\" \"That was lovely, Grace. Thank you.\" Jack replied turning to Betty. \"You may bring out the food now if it's ready.\" Betty grinned and looked at Grace who tried not to snicker. Cecilia rolled her eyes almost dreading what the two ladies had planned. Paul Marshall cleared his throat and Jack and Cecilia looked at him. \"May I say a few words while we are waiting?\" He asked. \"No, you may not!\" Cecilia snapped before her father could respond. Marshall turned to Cecilia. \"My, my. Such words! Did no one teach you manners and how to behave to a gentleman?\" He taunted. \"It would do you good to hold your tongue, young lady and know your place. If you were more of a lady your finance would not be locked up in prison.\" \"It is you, Mr. Marshall who should hold one's tongue and know your place.\" Cecilia replied. \"This is my engagement dinner and the only reason you are seated here at the table is because I do not wish to burden Betty with having to prepare a separate dinner for you and your wife. Lola is seated here because she is my cousin. It would be rude of me to exclude you as her husband. Do not tell me to know my place.\" Marshall feigned being offended and turned to Jack. \"Jack, are you going to allow your daughter to speak to me like that?\" \"One thing about Little Cee. She can be quite stubborn.\" Jack defended. \"However, in this matter, Mr. Marshall, I believe she is right to speak up in this matter. For too long she has been distant from us, her family, and-\" Jack stopped midsentence and turned to Betty. Everybody had turned as the head of the kitchen entered the dining room pushing a squeaky dinner cart filled with the food to be served. A big steaming pot was on the first shelf. She bowed humbly as she began to place the food on the table; a couple of baskets of bread rolls, on for each side, a butter dish and knife for each basket, and lastly two platters of seasoned steamed green beans. She placed on in front of Jack, and the other in front of Cecilia who looked up at her then Grace, and made a face of disgust. Emily laughed at her daughter, fully appreciating what Grace and Betty had done on such short notice to make the dinner special for Robbie and Cecilia. Next, Betty pushed the squeaky cart around the table and served the beef stew, starting with Cecilia and Grace, and lastly Lola and Paul Marshall. When Betty and her squeaky cart left the room, Jack, Emily, Cecilia and Grace were snickering. Leon, Lola, and Paul did not know what to make of things. Cecilia reached for the dinner rolls and took a couple for herself and probably way too much butter. Everybody followed suit by reaching for and passing the plates around the table. Lola and Paul seemed almost horrified. Cecilia reached for the platter of green beans and passed it to her mother. Emily took some for herself offering them to Grace. She then placed a couple on her daughter's plate. Cecilia took the beans and put them on her mother's plate. \"Cecilia!\" Emily responded. \"I'm twenty-eight, mother, not eight. You cannot make me eat those.\" She replied. Emily laughed. \"You are acting like you are eight, young lady.\" She teased. \"Do you still hate them?\" \"Yes.\" Grace laughed. \"This was not part of my plan. Robbie hates them almost as much as Cee.\" She replied. \"Betty once chopped some up and put them in the stew and poor Robbie sat there eating crying the whole time because he knew if he did not finish his stew I would not make him desert.\" \"Cecilia didn't get desert if she didn't eat her beans either.\" Emily responded. Cecilia grinned and turned to her father who buried his head in his hands as she turned back to her mother. \"Father would come to my room later and give me desert or a cup of chocolate.\" \"Jack!\" Jack laughed at his wife. A few moments later Betty entered again and asked if anybody wanted seconds. Cecilia raised her hand. Betty pushed the cart toward Cecilia. \"Oh for heaven's sake, Betty! Must you use that cart?\" Emily asked. Betty was pouring more stew into Cecilia's bowl. \"I'm sorry. It is the only push cart I have that is low enough to put this pot on to serve. Would you like more stew?\" Emily shook her head. \"We will have to get a new cart by the time Robbie comes home. And I would love more stew.\" After the second helping of stew everyone pretty much had their fill. Everyone, except Cecilia, enjoyed the beans. Much to the horror of her mother, Cecilia with a chuckle put her spoon down and lifted her bowl to her face proceeding to lick her bowl clean. \"Cecilia!\" Grace laughed. \"Remember when Robbie did that with a bowl of tomato soup and nearly half of it ended up on his shirt?\" Cecilia put her clean bowl down. \"I do! I was still the 'proper little girl' when I ate with him then.\" She laughed as Grace lifted her own bowl to her face to lick it clean. Cecilia then noticed it, on her plate: a bean! \"Mother!\" \"One bean, Cecilia. It's not going to kill you. It's good for you.\" \"Then you eat it.\" She replied putting it back on her mother's plate. She made a pouting face. \"I still get desert, right?\" \"Yes. You get desert.\" Emily replied shaking her head. \"Honestly, have you ever tried them? I've never see you even try them. How do you know that you do not like them?\" \"I've tried them.\" She replied. \"Marjorie prepared them for me when she invited me to her flat for dinner. I've tried them at a fine restaurant. And I even prepared them myself once when they were the only green vegetable available. And I hated them every time.\" Grace turned to the table. \"If everybody has saved some room for desert, I will prepare one of my son's favorites,\" she turned to Jack. \"If I may be excused, sir?\" \"Of course.\" Jack responded. \"Your Besty is a stupendous cook. You are quite fortunate.\" Marshall replied. \"I simply cannot wait to see what she has in store for desert. That simple beef stew was quite a surprise. Who knew peasant food could taste so wonderful.\" Cecilia swallowed to hold her tongue. Her mother noticed and placed a loving hand on her daughter's knee. Jack said nothing. He was anticipating desert, hoping that Robbie liked chocolate. A few moments later, Grace and Betty emerged, pushing a different cart. Servings of oatmeal pancakes with chocolate sauce and an oatmeal brown sugar crumble on top. Grace served Cecilia and then took her seat to allow Betty to serve her and the others. \"Grace, this is wonderfully simple but delicious. You should make this more often.\" Leon replied. \"Do something different for the pancakes or toppings perhaps?\" \"Thank you, Leon. This is one of Robbie's favorites.\" Grace replied turning to Cecilia. \"Do you know how to make pancakes, Cee?\" Cecilia had just placed a rather large fork full of pancake into her mouth and was caught off guard by Grace's question. She shook her head as she swallowed. \"No, I do not. Don't think they would come out right with egg powder. I can't keep fresh eggs. The ice box in my flat is not the best at keeping things cold, and I can never tell what my schedule is. I don't chance trying to keep something like eggs. I guess I will have to learn now won't I? This and oatmeal.\" Lola looked at her cousin. \"Why on Earth would you want to prepare oatmeal?\" \"Because my fiancé loves oatmeal. I intend to cook for him.\" Cecilia replied. \"Just have your cook prepare it. That is their job.\" She replied. \"Robbie and I will probably not be able to afford a cook and besides, I want to cook for my husband. I prepare my own meals for myself at my flat. I quite enjoy it, fending for myself. You should try it sometime.\" Marshall was the first to finish. \"Again, Jack, your staff must be commended.\" He replied. \"This was simply stupendous! I never would have imagined again, how something so simple could possibly be so delicious. Grace, I assume you used my chocolate for the sauce?\" Grace looked at Marshall. \"No, sir, I did not. It came from a jar.\" She replied finding a bit of pleasure in telling the pompous man that the chocolate that he had just enjoyed so much was not only not his but came from a jar. \"Goodness gracious! Why on Earth use jarred chocolate sauce when you have all that wonderful chocolate I donated yesterday?\" he asked. \"Because this desert was for my absent son. He loved this chocolate sauce. He would put it on everything and I do mean everything.\" Cecilia laughed. She put it on things too when she ate with Robbie. \"Say, I wonder if it would make green beans tasty?\" \"There are still some beans left. Would you like to try it now?\" Everyone was horrified at Cecilia's suggestion and prayed she said no. Cecilia laughed. \"Um, I don't think so, Grace, but thank you. Thank you for everything.\"[Chapter 11] Disclaimer Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and to Keira Knightley, James McAvoy, Romola Garai and the rest of the cast for bringing Joe's vision to life. Author's notes Thank you for your reviews and feedback. I hope to make this story enjoyable. I write it on paper then type it up. So there is room for revisions when I type it up. All rights to those who own them. I claim nothing. A \"What if...?\" Story. \"What if Robbie made it home? Love Never Dies by Ninja Elizabeth Chapter 11: Changes Mail call. A cattle call was more like it, Briony thought as she stood in the crowd with the other waiting and hoping her name would be called. She never really had any desire to wait in the crowd. Usually she went to the Ward Sister's office later to check if she had gotten mail. But now she was anxious. It had been over two months since she and Cecilia had written to Robbie and they had yet to get a reply. She was beginning to worry. She had even telephoned to house to as Grace if she had heard from him. Nothing. She wondered how Cecilia managed all these years. It was driving her nuts. Nurse Bennet was in charge of distributing the mail this time. Groans of disappointment came from the crowd when she announced that there was no more mail. Briony heaved a disappointed sigh of her own and started to walk away. Nurse Bennet called out to her. \"Tallis.\" She called out as Briony turned around. The Head Nurse pulled out two letters from her apron. \"This one is yours, and this one is for Sister Tallis. I trust you will give your sister her letter?\" Briony gave a weak chuckle. \"Yes, thank you. And don't worry. It will make it into her hands unopened. I have no intention of opening anything intended for my sister again.\" With that, Nurse Bennet returned to her other duties. Briony was off duty. She looked around the ward trying to spot her sister whom she knew always made rounds during her shift and she knew that Sister Tallis was supposed to be on duty. She like the other probationers and nurses resented her behavior at first. They thought she was looming, watching them like a vulture waiting to down upon them at the slightest infraction. It soon became evident however that Sister Tallis worked very differently than Sister Drummond and she liked to be on the Ward floor as much as possible, not to watch them, but to lend a helping hand. She was there in the trenches with them. She made herself available for questions and was always willing to help. Briony even had a shift scrubbing bed pans with her sister when the nurse assigned to work beside Briony was called away due to a family emergency. She found it amusing when Cecilia told her that day that she had written to Robbie about her going into nurse's training and how hard it was to believe her with a bedpan. Much to her dismay, the rumors of an affair continued. Briony turned as she heard her friend's distinct giggle behind her, and sighed. \"If you're looking for Sister Tallis, I saw her run into the loo a few minutes ago while you were waiting for the mail.\" Fiona snickered. \"Sister Drummond ran in after her! I'll bet they are locked in one of the stalls snogging!\" Angrily, Briony looked her friend in the eye. \"Will you please stop? Just stop.\" \"Stop what?\" \"The rumors. They are not true. They are not funny anymore. They never were. Maybe it's because Sister Tallis is my sister, but whatever the reason, they are not funny. Sister Tallis is engaged and if you even suggest that she may be cheating on her fiancé, then you do not know how devoted my sister can be.\" Briony replied. \"Devoted? Ha! She hates you. For what? A simple lie? That doesn't sound like devotion to me.\" Fiona replied. \"It wasn't a simple lie. I could have told the truth at any moment, but I continued. I even twisted evidence to bolster my lie. I betrayed my sister's trust in many ways that night.\" \"It's all in good fun. Lighten up, Briony.\" \"It's not 'good fun' when the rumors hurt people.\" Briony replied. Briony left her friend in search of her sister heading for the lavatories. (-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-) Briony entered the lavatory. She saw Sister Drummond standing outside the stall furthest from the door. She was relieved. Although she knew it wasn't true that her sister and Sister Drummond were involved in an affair, there was a small part of her mind that asked 'what if you're wrong?' \"Do you want me to come in and hold your head?\" Briony heard Sister Drummond ask the person in the stall whom she assumed had to be Cecilia. She heard the stall's occupant vomit into the toilet, then shout back. \"Christ no!\" \"Sister Drummond? It's Briony.\" A worried Briony responded to the Ward Sister who was so concerned with the last stall's occupant that she did not notice her enter. \"Is my sister in there? Is she all right?\" Before Sister Drummond could respond, Briony had rushed over to her and opened the stall. Cecilia lifted her head to respond only to have her stomach revolt again. Briony watched as her sister vomited again in the toilet. Her sister looked pale. \"Cecilia? Are you all right?\" Briony asked wanting to sit next to her sister but there was no room in the small cubicle. She had never seen her sister in the condition she was in now and it worried her deeply. Finally, Cecilia could sit up. She looked at Marjorie at the door of the cubicle and then her sister behind her. \"I'm fine.\" She replied weakly. \"There is no need for concern.\" Briony would hear none of it. \"Cecilia! You are in the loo, leaning over the toilet vomiting instead of on duty patrolling the ward.\" She responded. \"Don't tell me that's normal and that you are fine!\" \"It may be normal for the next couple of months or so.\" Cecilia smiled looking at her friend. She could see it on her face that she understood her condition. Her sister did not. \"I ate something this morning that did not agree with me.\" It was the truth, but not the entire truth. Cecilia did not wish to elaborate on the floor in a cubicle in front of the toilet. Briony wasn't buying it. \"Briony,\" Marjorie replied, \"why don't you go with your sister to the office and see that she gets some rest. Cecilia, I'll watch the ward for you. You are off duty, are you not, Nurse Tallis?\" \"I am,\" Briony replied as Marjorie and Briony helped Cecilia get to her feet. \"Shouldn't we call for a doctor?\" \"A doctor? What for?\" Marjorie asked amused that Briony really didn't know what was wrong with her sister. \"To examine her of course.\" Briony responded. \"I'll be all right, Briony. I just need to rest a bit.\" Cecilia reassured. Briony glared at her sister with concern. \"I've been to the doctor. I'm all right. I promise. I just need some rest.\" As they walked out, Briony suddenly stopped causing Sister Drummond to bump into her and Cecilia. \"What's wrong? Why are you stopping?\" Sister Drummond asked. \"Um,\" she stuttered. \"Word on the floor is that you followed Sister Tallis in here and the two of you were… are… well… um… uh…\" Both Ward Sisters burst out laughing. It was not the reaction Briony expected. \"Nurse Tallis, rumors of your sister and I having an affair is not new to us.\" Marjorie replied. \"They have been around ever since Cecilia first came to the hospital. I was about three months ahead of her. She and I were paired up and she quickly rose through the ranks as I did. We were very competitive of each other and developed a tight and close friendship. The reasons for our quick ascent became the talk of the ward. Affairs with the Ward Sister at the time, affairs with the doctors, administrators, were the usual rumors. Our friendship did not go unnoticed either and rumors of just how deeply our friendship ran fueled the rumor mills as well. There are many nurses still here who were probationers at the same time as your sister and I who probably will never get promoted. I'm sure they have some resentment. When it was learned that I personally requested Sister Tallis to return to help us, I'm sure they started the rumors all over again. I know how deeply Cecilia loves Robbie. She told me all about him during our time as probationers.\" The three of them exited the lavatories and were greeted by quick turn a rounds, and not so indiscreet snickering. Sister Drummond scolded those paying attention to them and not to their work and quickly got the ward back to order. Briony insisted on assisting her sister in walking to the office despite her protests. Once inside the office, Briony pulled out the hide-away-bed and helped her sister sit down. Cecilia was feeling much better now that she was off the ward floor. \"Briony, will you pour me a glass of water?\" Cecilia asked. As she poured the water, Briony's concern renewed itself. \"Cee, please tell me the truth. What is wrong with you? I've never seen you vomit like that before. It's never been like you to fall ill so violently.\" She hoped her sister would open up now that it was just the two of them.\" \"There is nothing wrong. Getting sick to my stomach is perfectly normal for someone in my current condition. It was probably triggered by something I ate or even something I smelled in the ward. The doctor said that scents could set off feelings of nausea. I feel much better now that we are in the office.\" Cecilia replied amused by her sister's panic. \"It should pass in a couple of months.\" \"Your current condition? A couple of months? Cee? What is wrong with you?\" Briony asked again. \"I've missed two cycles, Briony.\" Cecilia answered. \"And I've have heard from my doctor that the rabbit died.\" \"What are you talking about? What do rabbits have to do with anything?\" Cecilia laughed. She was excited. She knew that Marjorie knew her condition without her having to actually telling her but she was anxious to tell someone. \"Briony, I'm pregnant.\" \"What?\" Briony exclaimed. \"How can you be pregnant?\" \"Please tell me that you are merely excited and are not so naïve that you are not actually asking me how.\" Cecilia replied. \"Of course I'm excited! I'm going to be an aunt!\" Briony replied. \"But how? I mean Robbie's in prison. It is Robbie's isn't it?\" Cecilia felt a bit hurt by Briony even questioning the paternity of her child, but she had to laugh a bit. Perhaps her little sister was just that naïve that she did not know how one actually got pregnant. \"I've never been with anybody else but Robbie, Briony. Let's just say giving him a bath in the Nurse's Lavatory wasn't the only rule I broke before leaving for my holiday and he was taken to prison.\" Briony didn't know what else to say. Then she remembered what she had wanted to tell her. \"I almost forgot. We got mail, Cee. You got a letter from Robbie! At least, I'm pretty sure it's from Robbie. The return address is the prison.\" She handed her sister her letter. Cecilia took the letter and looked at the handwritten address of the hospital with her name 'Ward Sister Cecilia Tallis'. It was Robbie's handwriting. She recognized it and knew it well from reading his letters over and over again. She kept all of his letters in a special keepsake box. She carefully opened the seal and removed the letter, unfolding it and read it to herself. ' Dearest Cecilia, I love you. If you are reading this letter, then it means that we are one step closer to being able to write freely. I am hoping this letter reaches you. I love you. I love you with all my heart. I love you, I love you, I love you. Cecilia, did I mention I love you?' Cecilia laughed out loud and continued reading. ' I won't lie to you and tell you that I'm all right. It's awful in here. But then again, please do not worry. I'm not in seclusion anymore so it's better than it was before I left to join the Army. I have a cell mate and there is a toilet and sink! Before I had two buckets in the corner. I also have more to hold on to than just a few moments in the library. Most of the polish has now worn off my toes. I got some ribbing about them but much less than I expected. Most I found were a bit jealous that I had a woman like you who loved me and was waiting for me. I told them about us, Cee. My cell mate says I'm a lucky man. His girl left him for another while he's been in here, not that he blames her, but not you. You still love me and are waiting. I am hoping to qualify for one of the prison jobs they have to offer. There are jobs in the laundry, janitor services, cooking, and grounds upkeep. I've put in a request for the grounds upkeep and stated my experience working for your father. I'm sure I'll be able to get a position but it still all depends. Things in prison are not like the outside world . Nobody cares about what you were out there. In here, no one cares that I am Robbie Turner, only son of Ernest and Grace. I'm just Turner, or 6445891. I hope that the next step is that they will allow you to visit me. I want to see you again. But if not, Cee, I want you to know that I love you. Do you think you could take a picture and send it to me? Not that I need it to remember you but it would be nice to have it to look at. Other prisoners have pictures and they have asked me about what you look like. I got a letter from your father. He told me that he has granted me permission and blessing to marry you. In my heart we are married already. Cecilia, I love you. I hope to hear from you soon. For now, I'm going to find a dark corner to read. All my heart, Robbie' Cecilia had tears in her eyes by the time she finished the letter. They were tears of mixed emotions. While she was excited and happy to hear from him, the reality of the matter was that he was locked away in prison. She was happy to read the words 'I love you' in his handwriting over and over again, but she could not hold him and tell him that she loved him. She could not hear his voice. \"Cecilia?\" Briony asked. \"Is everything all right? It is from Robbie right? He's written a normal letter right? I told him to write to you, me and your mother and send them at the same time. If one of us didn't receive a letter then we would know that was being monitored.\" \"I'm all right, Briony. Thank you.\" Cecilia replied wiping away her tears. \"He said 'I love you.' It's just that he's not here to tell me he loves me. I always cry when I read his letters. We couldn't write those words the last time he was in prison.\" \"I know. Robbie told me about your coded letters. I wish I was that clever.\" Briony responded. \"You are quite clever. I would never be able to come up with all those characters let alone put them in a story.\" Cecilia complimented. \"You are still writing, aren't you?\" \"I am.\" Briony answered. \"That's good.\" Cecilia replied. \"As silly as some of your earlier work was, I always thought you would make a good writer. You certainly had the determination.\" \"Cecilia, you are going to write Robbie back and tell him about your pregnancy, aren't you?\" \"Not yet.\" \"But why not?\" Briony asked in a bit of shock. \"You said it was Robbie's. Don't you want to tell him the wonderful news?\" \"Of course I do, Briony. But first I want to make sure that I can write back as openly as he did to me. It's one thing for him to write me and say 'I love you.' But someone writing him, let alone me, writing 'I love you' may be a different matter entirely. My letters could still get censored.\" Cecilia replied. \"And secondly, I'm hoping that I will be allowed to visit him so I can tell him in person and see his face. I've written the prison requesting to see him but I've yet to hear from him. Grace has done the same. She has yet to hear anything. Marjorie has already assured me that she will give me time off to do so when I'm allowed.\" Briony nodded. \"You don't seem as excited as I thought you would be, Cee.\" She replied. \"You are having a baby! Robbie's baby!\" \"I am excited but I've been through too much heartbreak to allow myself to get too excited at the moment. The reality of things, Briony, is that Robbie is still in prison. He's not here to share this moment with me.\" Briony sighed. It was her fault. \"You have to believe that Robbie will be set free and the two of you will be married one day, Cee. You have too!\" \"I do. I believe it with all my heart. I'm not going to give up on him. It's what keeps me going. But it's also what keeps me up at night. I cannot count the many times I've cried myself to sleep thinking of him.\" Cecilia replied. \"Then there is also the fact that even if he is cleared of the charges, there will always be a stain on his name. There will forever be those who will continue to think of him as guilty no matter what the evidence shows or what we can prove. He was convicted and therefore must be guilty. When we marry, I will become Cecilia Turner. I will carry that stain and his 'sins' will become mine.\" It made her smile the way Cecilia said 'when we marry' and 'Cecilia Turner'. \"I'm sorry.\" Cecilia looked at her sister, seriously. \"Briony, do me a favor and stop apologizing to me about what you did.\" She replied. \"It's not going to help in my forgiving you any sooner or hate you any less. I accept your apology. Honestly, I do. You are my little sister and nothing has ever changed that. That is why I can sit here, talk to you, accept your apology. But understand that I cannot bring myself to forgive you just yet. What you did to me, whether conscious or unconscious hurt. I know my rejection of you has hurt you as well. We were always so close until that moment. You've spent your time trying to figure out just how much you hurt me, trying to understand just what you did. You still do not fully understand that. I've gotten over my personal pain and have moved on. Accepting you as my little sister again, I have now begun the healing process with mother and father. We just need some time, Briony.\" \"I'm s—,\" Briony stopped herself. \"Yes, Cee. I think I understand. And thank you for always being my sister. I feared that I had lost you forever. And thank you for helping me to redeem myself, if not for you and Robbie, but for myself.\" \"You are most welcome.\" Cecilia replied. \"So, tell me, Aunt Briony. Are you excited about your unborn niece or nephew? Will you tell her or him bedtime stories when you babysit?\" \"You have to ask me that? Of course I'm excited! I will tell him or her the most glorious of stories!\" Briony exclaimed. \"I can't wait to babysit. Your child is going to be so adorable and beautiful, if a girl, or handsome, if a boy.\" Cecilia smiled. \"You are going to have to help change the nappies as well, you know.\" Briony laughed. \"Shouldn't be so bad. Can't be much worse than emptying and cleaning the bed pans now can it?\" \"I don't know about that. Bed pans are metal. Nappies are made of cloth.\" Cecilia replied. \"Here at the hospital we have special cleaners, and gloves.\" \"Hadn't thought of that.\" Briony chuckled. \"Oh! Can I help choose a name? Or rather suggest a couple of names not to consider?\" Cecilia laughed. \"Lola Briony Turner.\" The two sisters laughed together. It had been quite some time since the two of them shared a moment of laughter. \"It's good to hear you laugh, Cee. It's been a while. I can't remember the last time we laughed together.\" Briony said. \"It has been a while, hasn't it?\" Cecilia replied. After a brief pause, Cecilia spoke again. \"I have always liked the name Helen. In fact I can remember telling Betty when I was little that when Robbie and I got married we were going to have a beautiful princess together and call her Helen.\" Briony started laughing again. \"Betty? Why would you tell Betty that?\" \"I always talked to Betty when I would 'help' out in the kitchen.\" Cecilia responded. \"You didn't tell Grace?\" \"Heaven's no!\" \"Why not?\" Briony asked. \"She's Robbie's mother.\" \"Precisely why I never told her such things when I was little.\" Cecilia answered. Briony laughed. \"How about Helen Grace, then if you have a little girl?\" Briony suggested. \"Helen Grace. That's lovely. I like that.\" Cecilia replied. \"So when do you intend on telling mother and father?\" Briony asked. \"I don't know. You can tell them if you like. I'm sure a few days off can be arranged for you much more easily than me.\" \"Oh, can I?\" Briony asked. \"It would be a way to show them that we have made up and are on speaking terms again as well.\" Cecilia smiled. \"Just make sure that you tell Grace that I have yet to inform Robbie and wish to possibly tell him in person.\" (-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-) It was around the beginning of the second week of September when Cecilia finally heard from the Bristol Prison about her inquiry about visiting Robbie. She was in the office when the letter was delivered along with various other bits of paperwork and reports for the Ward Sister to take care of. Cecilia came across the letter in the middle of the stack. She opened the letter, slowly. After receiving Robbie's letter earlier in the week and reading his words 'I love you' she wasn't sure she could handle the prison saying no. Not now. Not with her emotions getting the best of her lately. Not with her morning sickness making her life miserable. Not with rumors of who the father of her child was spreading throughout the ward with a flurry. There were even several betting pools: Would she miscarry or carry it full term? That one hurt. Was she having a single child or twins? Would she have a boy or girl? She started to cry before she even read the letter. It was good news. The letter stated provided the prisoner, 6445891, continued his pattern of good behavior and stayed out of trouble prisoner, 6445891, would be allowed visitation rights. The decision on whether or not they would be allowed to wed, on prison grounds or another authorized secure site was pending. She cried. Sister Drummond entered the office to find her friend crying. \"Is everything all right?\" she asked. \"What was in the letter from the prison? Good news, I hope?\" Sister Tallis looked up at her friend and wiped her tears. \"Why did you bury the letter in the middle of the stack?\" Sister Drummond laughed. \"Because I expected you to react like this. Bursting into tears. If I had placed it on top you wouldn't have gotten any work done, Cecilia. At least I got half a tack out of you. Cecilia gave her friend a sharp look and shook her head. \"You know me too well. It's good news. They are going to allow me to visit as long as Robbie continues a pattern of good behavior which I am sure won't be a problem. A decision is pending on whether or not we will be allowed to marry. But in my present condition and the bombings…\" she trailed off. \"Even my father does not think it's wise that I travel to Bristol and he doesn't know that I'm pregnant. When I last telephoned him he expressed concerns that it's the beginning of something much larger scale. He's even worried about my traveling to my flat in Balham. My father wants me to come home. I want to see Robbie. I want to see his face when I tell him that I'm carrying his child. But I trust my father's intuition as well. If he knew that I was pregnant he would surely absolutely forbid me from traveling to Bristol.\" \"You haven't told your family yet?\" Marjorie asked. \"No. Briony is going to do it.\" Cecilia replied. \"She's going to tell them. She's gone home for her holiday. It will be assurance to the family to know that we are on speaking terms again.\" Marjorie smiled. She knew how close Cecilia was to her family. She was glad she finally found it in her heart to open up to them again. \"Are you sure you don't want to go home and tell them yourself? I can give you the time off.\" \"You have done so much for me already.\" Cecilia replied. \"It's no wonder everyone thinks we're having an affair.\" Marjorie laughed. \"Let them.\" She replied. \"I know it hurts once in a while but if it keeps their spirits up and in a good mood, then I won't stop the rumors. We need them to stay upbeat about things.\" \"True. It's the betting pools that are hurting me at the moment.\" Cecilia responded. \"Did you know that there is a pool on whether or not I will miscarry or go full term? I had Nurse Paxton investigate the pools, and that particular one seems to have the highest pay out with miscarriage being the top bet.\" \"Oh my goodness. That is uncalled for. I will have to put a stop to that one then.\" Marjorie replied. \"I've known about the pools, or at least some of them. The one I found quite humorous is what you will be naming your child. Marjorie is the top female name, and Major is the top male name.\" \"Major?\" Marjorie shook her head and shrugged. \"I guess it's a male version of Marjorie someone came up with? I'm certain no one but you know that I had a twin brother named Martin, or I am sure they would have used that. Edward, James, Richard and Henry are pretty popular. For a girl, Victorie, Hope, Charlotte and Annabelle, are the popular choices. I liked the names Bronson and Ellen. Have you come up with names yet?\" Cecilia laughed. \"Bronson? Did you put money on that one?\" \"Heaven's no. But I did look at their list when they weren't paying attention.\" \"Good because it would have been a bad bet. Ellen is pretty close. Helen Grace Turner, if it's a girl. And I was thinking of Jack Robert Turner, if it's a boy. But I want to talk to Robbie about them first.\" Marjorie pouted. \"You're not naming it after me?\" She teased. \"I've always liked Helen. Grace is Robbie's mother. Jack is my father. Robert should be obvious.\" \"Those are lovely names. You know I'm only teasing you. I'm sure Robbie will like them and appreciate that you are making him a part of the decision.\" Marjorie replied. \"But why don't you go and get some rest. I am going to need you for the first part of the night watch.\" Cecilia nodded and went off to the Nurse's Dorms to rest. (-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-) Briony entered the house. She noticed her father's car parked outside. It surprised her that he was home but happy that he would be there to share Cecilia's news. She made her way to the kitchen. She found Betty alone. \"Hello, Betty. Where's Grace?\" She asked. \"Oh, hello, Briony.\" Betty responded. \"She's upstairs with your mother in the parlor having tea. Will you be staying for dinner?\" \"Yes. I have a couple of days.\" Briony replied. \"I promise not to make obnoxious menu demands or change the menu after I've made a request.\" \"Argh!\" Betty grunted in exasperation. \"Cecilia told you about the dinner with the Marshalls, I presume?\" \"She did and I can't believe she helped with preparing it.\" Briony replied. Betty laughed. \"She did help and did a wonderful job.\" She replied. \"She used to help me all the time when she was little, doing little things. She made this savory chocolate sauce for the beef with Marshall's awful stuff. It actually was quite tasty. And the dessert. Now that was a work of art. She managed to make it so that she used the chocolate as demanded but it didn't have to be the star if one didn't want it to be. Your father absolutely loved it, and you know how picky he is about dessert.\" \"Did he know Cecilia made it?\" \"Yes, he did. And he knew about the Marshall chocolate.\" Betty replied. \"What did she make?\" Briony asked curiously. \"She called it 'gin et tonique parfait avec chocolat bruine'. We had a good laugh. No doubt the joke was lost on Mr. Marshall.\" \"Joke?\" \"Dinner was requested by him. 'Filet mignon with pommes boulangere, salade Francaise avec Poires and for an appetizer, Vichyssoise' which is basically fillet steak with a potato onion bake, French green salad with pears and an appetizer of cold potato leek soup . But of course, he had to give it in French. It's a good thing I understand French.\" Briony laughed. \"What was it Cecilia made?\" \" Gin et tonique parfait avec chocolat bruine.\" Betty replied. \"Gin and tonic flavored parfait with chocolate drizzle. It was quite ingenious of her to come up with the flavor layers. She flavored the gelatin with gin, made a tonic infused cake and vanilla lime ice cream. She put the chocolate on the side to drizzle just to satisfy Mr. Marshall's demands but it went nicely with or without the chocolate.\" \"Wow. She came up with that all on her own?\" \"For the most part, yes. She was looking through my recipes. I know I've made all you children a simple parfait at one time or another. I think Robbie asked once if he could have pancakes and oatmeal as layers once. Cecilia laughed at him. She was always fond of yogurt and fruit in hers. Why she made a gin and tonic one that night, I have no idea.\" \"Gin and tonic is her favorite cocktail.\" Briony replied. \"How she would decide to combine that with dessert I don't know.\" Betty laughed. \"She definitely is the daughter of Jack Tallis. Your father is very fond of dessert.\" \"Robbie is going to be one lucky fellow to have her cook for him.\" Briony responded. \"I'm not so sure about that. She may be fine with dessert, but other stuff not so much. I only assigned her to make the chocolate mustard sauce for the beef because she had tasted it before, and savory sauces are not much different than sweet sauces in their preparation other than some ingredients.\" Betty replied. \"She's pretty hopeless when it comes to making Robbie's favorite foods. I don't think Robbie would be too keen on eating crispy egg wafers and a bowl of lumpy glue every morning despite the fact that he will eat just about everything if you tell him to eat it, especially if Cecilia made it. Grace has volunteered to teach her of course.\" \"Crispy egg wafers and lumpy glue?\" \"Pancakes and oatmeal.\" Betty answered. \"Hold on. You mean to tell me Cecilia can make a gin flavored gelatin but she can't make something as simple as pancakes and oatmeal?\" Briony asked in disbelief. \"It's a wonder she hasn't starved herself to death living alone.\" Betty laughed. \"She's used to working with egg powder other instant foods. With her busy nurses schedule she probably doesn't trust the eggs to keep.\" She replied. \"And I'll just bet she makes dessert over food. Your father would eat dessert for breakfast, lunch and dinner if I would let him. Cecilia can bake just fine. And I'm sure she learn can cook. She would help me in the kitchen all the time. She just has never made breakfast with me. She always woke up late, often missing breakfast with the family. Not until you were born did she start waking early enough to have breakfast with the family. She always wanted to watch your mother feed you, and later give you your bottle. She went away to study at Roedean when she was twelve.\" Briony smiled. Betty was telling her things that she never knew about her sister. She didn't remember much about herself before the age of four. She never knew that Cecilia protected her at such a young age. She felt a bit guilty but further understood why Cecilia was hurt so much by her actions. \"I should give you a little bit of an advanced warning. I'm sure my mother will be coming in here to request you make a special dinner for tonight. I have some very special news from Cecilia to share.\" Betty grinned. \"Let me guess.\" She responded. \"You're going to be an aunt.\" \"Yes.\" Briony answered with a smile. Leave it to Betty to guess correctly. \"And if I may make a request for dinner? I know Cecilia hates them but I like them and it's been a while since I've had yours. Could you make green beans for dinner? The ones at the hospital cafeteria are always too soft. Yours have just the right seasoning and snap.\" \"I would be happy to. Now why don't you go upstairs and share your news with your mother and Grace.\" (-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-) Grace sat with Emily as they enjoyed their afternoon tea. Emily was happy that the two of them could once again sit and enjoy each other's company once again. Grace did not find it difficult in forgiving Emily for her defense of her youngest child. Now they sat together with the joy of knowing that her son and Emily's eldest daughter were in love and engaged. \"I hate this stupid war.\" Emily replied. \"I want my daughters with me. I want to know that they are safe. I don't want to have to worry about them night after night. Jack says things are going to get worse.\" \"I know what you mean.\" Grace responded. \"I was so terribly worried when Robbie was in France fighting. I kept waiting for his letters to assure me that he was all right. I worry about him in prison too. Cecilia told me that when he was first imprisoned they had to write in code and couldn't tell each other that they loved each other. If they said anything of the sort in their correspondence the letters were confiscated and not delivered.\" \"I did not know that. Of course, I know nothing of those first years. But they did find a way to correspond did they not?\" Grace chuckled. \"Yes. Cecilia told me that the first letter Robbie received was a letter in which she wrote in detail about finding Robbie's notes about the vagina in his copy of Grey's Anatomy most helpful and went on to tell him in detail how she was studying the act of human intercourse and the reproductive system in her nurse's training.\" Emily burst out laughing. \"Oh my. Did Cecilia get to visit him?\" Emily asked. \"No. They wouldn't allow her to.\" Grace replied. \"She didn't get to see him until shortly before he was deployed.\" \"I'm so sorry. Had I known I would have allowed you more time to visit your son.\" \"Do not worry about it, Emily. We have their future to look forward to and plan. I'm holding onto the hope that Robbie will be freed and my son and your daughter will be married.\" \"Cecilia hates me.\" Emily replied sadly. \"She visits you, but she's never come to visit me. She only came to the house in June because she wanted to share the news of her engagement with you. If you hadn't told her to talk to my husband and me, she probably would have left without a word. She only wants us to help free Robbie.\" \"Don't say that. She doesn't hate you, Em. She's just hurt.\" Grace replied. \"She loves you. She always talks about you when she comes and visits. Give her time. If she can find it in her heart to talk to Briony again, she will be able to be close to you again too.\" \"Did you know while she was here in June she actually cleaned and organized her room?\" Emily laughed. \"I hardly recognize it now.\" Grace laughed. The door to the parlor opened and both ladies turned to glare at the intruder. \"Briony! Come in. Sit down.\" Emily responded before realizing that Grace might still harbor ill feelings for her youngest child. \"If that is all right with you, Grace.\" \"It's all right, Em. If Cecilia can talk to her again, than I can try. And she is your daughter.\" \"Thank you, Grace. I do have some news which you both would be interested in hearing.\" Briony replied before turning to her mother and taking a seat next to her. \"I noticed father's car. Is he here?\" \"Yes, he is. He's working on building a case for Robbie's innocence.\" Emily replied. \"He really tries to come home at least on the weekends or one day a week. He's very worried about you and your sister working in town. How are things at the hospital? How often does Cecilia go home to her flat in Balham? He's very worried with the bombings that have started.\" \"Not too often now. She stays in the dorms. She goes there once in a while to distance herself I think. But with how busy we've gotten lately, she stays close in case she's required to work. We can hear the air raid sirens go off and the anti-aircraft guns.\" \"Your father says that Cecilia told him that she wants to make a career out of nursing and go to medical school when the war is over. The hospital is going to sponsor her to further her training. Have you given any thought as to what you want to do when the war is over? I can't picture you as a nurse.\" \"Oh I hate it!\" Briony laughed. \"Both Sister Drummond and Sister Tallis think I make a horrible nurse. I will probably pursue my writing when the war is over and have time to concentrate. I still write but work makes it so hard to really sit and think about plots and characters. I've submitted a few stories and novellas. So far only rejections but I did get one with a lovely criticism attached. Oh, and I think Cecilia may have a change in her plans.\" \"Really?\" Grace asked. \"You know how set in her ways Cecilia can be, Briony. And she's mentioned to me about pursuing nursing as well. Once she makes up her mind about something it takes a lot to change her mind.\" \"She hasn't changed her mind exactly.\" Briony teased. \"But she may have new priorities that may cause her to rethink her career path, that's all.\" Emily looked at her daughter. \"You aren't saying that she is abandoning her nursing career to try to prove Robbie innocent and free him are you? Your father is doing his best, working during his free time to do that.\" Briony couldn't help herself and grinned. \"No. Nothing like that.\" She replied. \"Has she fallen ill?\" Emily asked now very worried. \"Briony. What has happened?\" \"Nothing has happened. Well, no. That's not true. Something has happened.\" Briony was having a bit of fun teasing hers and Robbie's mother. \"It's just her current condition my cause her to rethink about pursuing nursing. She's probably thinking of quitting soon.\" \"Her current condition? Briony, what is wrong with my Little Cee? Is she all right? Has she seen a doctor?\" \"She's seen a doctor and she's fine. If anybody is to blame for her condition it's Robbie.\" Briony continued to tease. Grace turned to Briony. \"Why do you always have to blame my son? Robbie would never harm anybody, especially Cecilia.\" \"I didn't say he's harmed her, only responsible.\" Briony replied deciding that the ladies had been teased enough. \"Grace, mother. Cecilia is pregnant.\" \"What?\" both ladies squealed at the same time. Emily looked at her daughter. \"Briony, are you sure it's all right with Cecilia for you to be telling us this?\" \"It is. She said I could tell you.\" She replied. \"Isn't it wonderful? I'm going to be an aunt!\" \"Grandmother Tallis, congratulations.\" Grace responded. Emily laughed. \"Congratulations to you as well, Grandmother Turner.\" Grace turned to Briony. \"Has she told Robbie yet?\" she asked. \"No. She's hoping to be able to visit him and tell him in person. She wants to see the look on his face.\" Briony replied. \"With the bombings, the transit unreliable.\" \"Perhaps your father can drive her or us out for a visit.\" Grace replied. \"I can still recall the look on Ernest's face when I told him I was with child. I don't blame her wanting to see that look.\" \"Mother, do you think father would drive Cecilia to Bristol to see Robbie when she gets permission?\" \"I don't know about that. He's very worried about the bombings.\" Emily replied. \"But regardless, this warrants a celebration. My baby girl and little girl are on speaking terms again, and my little girl is expecting our first grandchild, your first grandchild, Grace! Go downstairs, inform Betty of the celebration, tell my husband that I wish to speak to him in my parlor, and telephone Leon. Tell him that I would like him to come to dinner tonight.\" \"My little boy is going to be a father.\" She smiled. Grace left the parlor. Briony smiled at her mother. Emily was happy. Moments later they heard the sound of Jack Tallis' footfalls thundering down the hall and the parlor doors swung open. \"Briony! What has happened to my Little Cee?\" Jack responded looking at his youngest child with a worried expression. \"Emmie dear, what has happened!\" Emily tried to keep calm. Her poor husband was panicked. She wondered what on Earth Grace had told him to get him so worked up. \"Jack darling, take a seat.\" Jack sat down quickly. The faster he sat the quicker Emily or Briony would tell him what was going on. \"Grace said there was news about Cecilia's medical condition. What medical condition? Is she all right? Please tell me my Little Cee is all right?\" \"Jack, everything is fine.\" Emily chuckled. \"I guess Grace thought it was fair to do the same thing to you that Briony did to her and myself.\" \"What? What are you talking about?\" \"Cecilia is fine. She's expecting a baby. Robbie's baby.\" Emily replied. \"What? My Little Cee is pregnant?\" Jack responded. \"Now I wish I had bought three bottles of wine. We must have the whole family here for a celebration. I assume Cecilia is working and can't make it. Leon must come for dinner. Briony, you do have her blessing to have told us this news?\" \"Yes.\" Briony replied. \"It's easier to schedule time off for a mere nurse than a Ward Sister. Besides, she just had a holiday in June.\" Jack looked at his youngest. \"Wasn't Robbie sent back to prison in June?\" he asked. \"Yes.\" Jack smiled. \"She must have given the boy one hell of a shagging before he was taken away! Good for her.\" \"Jack!\" Emily responded. \"What? If our daughter is pregnant, and her fiancé came home from the war in June, and returned to prison in June, she didn't have very much time with him.\" He replied. \"I'm sure she was working most of the time and didn't spend a great deal of time with Robbie. I'm sure she wanted to give him something to remember her by.\" \"Well, you don't have to spell it out like that! She's still our little girl.\" Jack laughed. (-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-) The Tallis family sat around the table along with Grace who was now a regular at the family table and Betty. Betty felt a bit odd. \"Betty, tonight you are most welcome with us tonight. You were very much a part of Robbie and Cecilia's lives growing up, and I'm sure they would want you here. I would have had you at the engagement dinner but it was much more amusing with you serving. That is why I like you so much. You are always so thoughtful in what you prepare for us.\" Betty chuckled. \"It was and is my pleasure. Thank you, sir.\" The food had been laid out on the table, family style ready to be passed around. Emily noticed the beans. \"Betty, why did you make green beans again? You know how much Robbie and Cecilia detest them.\" She replied. \"It was amusing for the engagement and homecoming dinner but not today.\" \"Briony requested them. You know how much she likes them.\" Betty answered. Emily smiled as she looked at her youngest child. It made her happy to know that her daughters were talking again. Whether or not Cecilia could ever forgive her little sister did not matter. What did matter was that they were loving sisters once again. They were about to begin passing around the food when Leon burst into the dining room. He looked at everyone casually seated at the table and noticed the cook, Betty seated at the table as well. Why was she sitting at the table? \"What in the world is going on?\" He asked. \"Grace said to come home for dinner. There was news about Cecilia, some kind of a medical condition. Is she all right? Why is everyone seated at the table? Aren't you worried about Cecilia?\" Emily turned and glared at her charlady. She had obviously done the same thing to her eldest son as she did to her husband leading the young man to believe that something was wrong. She smiled as Grace looked far too innocent and looked away. \"Leon, take your seat.\" She replied calmly. \"There is nothing wrong with Cecilia. I'm sorry, but Grace was having a bit of fun in her excitement to let you in on the wonderful news. I'm afraid I would have probably done something similar. Your sister is doing just fine. Isn't that right, Briony?\" Briony was taken a bit off guard by her mother's question but quickly recovered realizing what she had just been asked. \"Oh, yes. She's doing quite well. She's feeling sick and having trouble keeping certain foods down but otherwise normal.\" Leon looked annoyed as he took his seat and glanced over at his youngest sister. \"What would you know of Cee's condition? She hates you.\" He responded turning to his father. \"Father, what is going on? I cancelled my dinner plans with the Marshalls to rush over here. This had better be important.\" Jack looked at his son. \"I certainly hope you consider your immediate family better company than your cousin and her husband, young man.\" \"Paul Marshall is my friend.\" \"And I am your father.\" He went around the table introducing everyone. \"This is your mother, your baby sister, our charlady and mother of your sister's fiancé who has been with our family since before you were born, and our cook who was on the catering staff at my and your mother's wedding and on my kitchen staff ever since. Now sit.\" Jack turned to Briony when Leon had taken his seat. \"Briony, do you wish to tell your brother Cecilia's news?\" Briony smiled and turned to Leon. \"Cecilia is going to have a baby. You're going to be an uncle, Leon! Isn't that exciting?\" Leon turned to Briony. \"What?\" he exclaimed. \"Cecilia is pregnant.\" \"I heard you,\" Leon replied. \"Who is the father?\" \"Robbie, of course! Who else would it be?\" Briony asked. She couldn't believe Leon. She hoped he was only teasing. \"You know how much she loves him.\" \"I thought he was sent back to prison. Did they get married?\" Leon asked. Jack answered. \"No, not yet. They are still waiting for an approval from the prison.\" He knew why his son was asking. He had insisted his son marry the girlfriends he had gotten pregnant. \"Your sister and Robbie would be married by now if circumstances had not kept them apart.\" \"Would you have approved that union if the circumstances been different, father?\" Leon asked. \"I thought I had permission to invite Paul over to propose to Cecilia.\" \"You did. However it would be entirely up to her. Your sister is stubborn. I knew she would refuse if I asked her.\" Jack replied. \"No she wouldn't have. She's your favorite and you know she would do anything you ask of her.\" Leon responded. \"Then you do not know your sister as well as you think. Cecilia is very opinionated. She will speak her mind and do what she wants. I can give her suggestions, but if I give an order she will do just the opposite.\" Jack replied. \"Going to medical school was not all Robbie had come to talk to me about. He brought up the possibility of asking for your sister's hand in marriage. Since I had already given you permission to introduce her to one of your friends, I told Robbie that I could not grant it. I told him that however that when he returned, if Cecilia was still available he had permission to come to me again.\" \"Did he ask you for permission to ask Cecilia to marry him?\" \"He did not.\" Jack replied truthfully. \"But then Cecilia was living on her own when he proposed and would not have cared if I did not approve. She had come to visit Grace. She often came to visit her.\" Leon sighed. \"You are always playing favorites. It's no secret that Cee is your favorite, father. Briony, can't you see it? Don't you agree with me?\" Briony shrugged. \"I guess so, but I was always in my own little world.\" She replied. \"I for one am very happy for Cecilia.\" \"Robbie doesn't have any money, father. How do you expect him to provide her?\" Leon asked. \"Are you going to provide for him like you have all his life? I am your first born, your son, not Robbie.\" \"And I have provided for you.\" Jack replied. \"I provided for and sent you, Cecilia, Robbie and Briony to Cambridge. It was Briony's choice not to take her place. You did not place high enough in your exams to attend a boarding school. I would have sent Robbie however, Grace refused my offer. I was doing enough already. I insisted she not waste his enthusiasm and allowed me to provide a means for him to attend a university.\" \"Robbie is in prison.\" \"And your sister is madly in love with him.\" Jack replied. \"If she wants to marry him, then I will not deny her. Tonight we are gathered to celebrate her joy of expecting a child. She is not here, because her job as Ward Sister prevents. She has sent Briony here to tell us of her news. If you do not wish to share in this joy, then you are free to leave and have dinner with your friends.\" \"It's not that. It's just lately all everyone seems to talk about is Cecilia.\" Leon replied. \"She left home five years ago; refusing to speak to any of us, ignoring us. And then she returns with news that she is engaged and now expecting and she's welcomed home with open arms. And along with that comes this sudden support of Robbie. He was tried and found guilty.\" Jack glanced at Grace, then turned back to his son. \"Cecilia would always been welcomed home when she chose to return home. I was encouraged by her devotion to Robbie after all these years regardless of his innocence or guilt. If only I had that kind of devotion to your mother. You should not frown so much on her devotion.\" Jack replied. He was proud of his son finally showing some kind of back bone, but wished it was for something else. \"Now make your decision. Eat with us, or not. I'm hungry and elated to be becoming a grandfather.\" Leon sighed and turned to Briony. \"Pass the broad beans please, Briony.\" Emily looked to Betty. \"Why did you prepare green beans this evening, Betty? You know how much Robbie and Cecilia detest them.\" She asked. \"It was rather humorous the evening she returned home but not tonight.\" \"Briony requested them.\" Betty answered. Emily smiled. It was nice to almost have her family back together again. She hoped Leon and Cecilia could settle their differences.[Chapter 12] Disclaimer Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote the script. Thank you to Joe Wright for his vision, and to Keira Knightley, James McAvoy, Romola Garai and the rest of the cast for bringing Joe's vision to life. Author's notes Thank you for your reviews and feedback. I hope to make this story enjoyable. I prefer to write it on paper then type it up and don't care much for typing, which is one of the reasons for my updating delays. And I can always revise what I have written to reflect your reviews and hopes of how you wish the story will progress. I still do not know how I am going to end this… ? All rights to those who own them. I claim nothing. A \"What if...?\" Story. \"What if Robbie made it home? Love Never Dies by Ninja Elizabeth Chapter 12: Life Sister Drummond and Sister Tallis sat in the office discussing their schedule and how best to proceed was sure to be another hectic night with the German Luftwaffe bombing the city. Sister Drummond would be working a double shift and Sister Tallis would turn in for the evening, and wake for an overnight shift, then take over in the morning. They had Nurse Bennet coming on for the second night shift and Lieutenant Garfield. Air raid sirens cut their conversation short and they rushed to the ward floor. With the injured civilians in the ward, just the sound of the sirens could cause them to panic. Any kind of loud noises could set off the soldiers. It would only be a matter of time before the sounds of artillery fire and exploding bombs would be heard. Upon arriving the Ward Sisters found the ward in a state of panic. Sister Tallis immediately began to bark orders in order to make some sanity of the chaos. The nurses seemed to be harder to motivate than usual. Both women seemed to dread what was to come as the sound of the raging war could be heard closer than ever before. Many of the soldiers who were not yet fit for duty but capable of doing some tasks volunteered to help. A nearby explosion followed quickly by another shook the building. The Luftwaffe was attacking. There was another shaking the building even harder. The sound of the explosion was even louder than before. The soldier working alongside Sister Tallis looked up. \"That was close.\" He responded just as an explosion shook the building hard enough to cause several nurses including Sister Tallis to lose their balance who fell into the arms of Lieutenant Garfield. \"That was too close.\" He whispered into Sister Tallis' ear before setting her on her feet. The lights flickered for a moment as two more bombs shook the building and the sound of the anti-aircraft guns filled the air. Everyone in the ward froze as the bombs and guns faded into the distance. The ward settled into a quite panic. Some began to sob. A piercing scream from one of the nurses caused everyone to look in the general direction from which it came. A severely wounded and bloodied doctor hobbled into the ward. Sister Tallis was among a crowd of nurses who rushed to the doctor's aid. The doctor turned to the Ward Sister. \"The…North Wing… They hit the North Wing.\" He managed to reply before passing out. Sister Tallis turned to the nurse who was closest to him holding him as he collapsed. The young nurse shook her head. Sister Tallis turned to Sister Drummond who had just arrived at the scene. She did not have to say a word. Sister Drummond began to bark orders out to the ward to prepare for the injured. Lieutenant Garfield took charge of the soldiers who were willing to lend a hand. It was going to be a long night. Entering the dorms to get some rest, Sister Tallis followed the sounds of the sobs. She had seen several of the nurses' break down and leave the ward without permission, the reality of what their job involved had hit them hard. Some of the victims they had known. They had worked with the doctors and nurses. Tonight they were no longer nameless faces; they were colleagues, and sometimes even friends. She took a seat next to them on the bed on which they were sitting. \"Sister Tallis!\" One of them replied. \"I'm, we are so sorry for leaving the ward without permission. Please don't discipline us.\" \"I'm not here to discipline you. None of you will be written up for your actions tonight.\" Sister Tallis replied. \"Tonight has been difficult for us all. I was about to turn in for the evening. My current condition requires that I do get some rest. I have to be up to run things in the morning when I heard the sobbing.\" Another nurse turned to the Ward Sister happy for a change in subject. \"Ward Sister, you're pregnant aren't you? There have been rumors.\" she asked hoping that she was not out of line to ask. \"I'm sorry if I'm out of line for asking.\" Sister Tallis noticed the smile as the nurse asked her the question. \"No, Nurse Banks. It's all right. Yes, I am pregnant. Three months. And its Jane am I correct?\" \"What?\" \"Your given name.\" \"Oh, yes. Jane Banks. I'm surprised you know it.\" Nurse Banks replied. \"I do make it a point to know all of your names. I'm really not as cold hearted as my reputation here dictates. I don't like to have to adhere to the cold militaristic Nightingale method, but at times I must.\" Jane smiled. \"May I ask your name Sister Tallis?\" \"You may. My name is Cecilia.\" \"Oh such a lovely name!\" another nurse replied. \"I must remember that. Maybe I'll name a daughter Cecilia.\" Sister Tallis chuckled looking at the nurse's name badge. \"Nurse R. Sayre. Rose.\" The nurse smiled. \"You do know our names! I prefer Rosie.\" \"I told you I don't like the 'Nightingale method'. I would call you all by your names if Sister Drummond were not such an advocate. I think she would write me up for being so lackadaisical about the rules if I were not the nurse that I am. Probably why I was assigned to a maternity ward. But even there some of the Ward Sisters were so impersonal.\" She replied. \"One couldn't allow even a few more minutes for a father who was calming his wife after one of their twins had died.\" \"Twins! Do you want twins, Sister Tallis?\" Jane asked. \"Heavens no!\" Sister Tallis responded with a chuckle. \"Too much trouble. Two at once. I have twin nephews and the two of them are monsters. Although that may be due to the complete lack of discipline they received from their mother and their guardians. Still, I don't think I could handle twins. I'm only three months along and I can feel the strain of this pregnancy. While not frail, I am thin and I think I will burst by my ninth month if I am carrying twins. While we are here talking, you may all call me Cecilia.\" The third nurse sitting with them sobbed. \"How do you do it, Sister—I mean, Cecilia?\" she replied through her tears. \"How can you just go on the way you do after seeing all that death?\" \"Nurse Frances Almond-Smith.\" Cecilia replied. \"You must. It's not easy. There are nights that I cannot sleep because of what I have witnessed. But I try not to dwell on it. Tomorrow is another day. It may be better it may be worse. Try to focus on something positive. If you have any problems, come to me. My door is always open.\" Rosie laughed. \"That's not what Fiona says.\" Cecilia turned to Rosie. \"Fiona? Fiona Maguire?\" \"Yes.\" \"Fiona is an idiot.\" She replied. \"I don't care if you tell her that. She's my sister's friend and honestly, I don't know why my little sister would befriend such a dreamer like her, no concept of reality… or perhaps that is exactly why. Briony once thought like that, living in her own fantasies. She got a harsh taste of reality when she betrayed me and took away my happiness.\" \"By accusing Robbie of raping your cousin.\" Jane replied. \"How do you know he wasn't guilty?\" Cecilia glared at the young nurse. \"I am not here to talk about my personal life like that. Don't accuse me of being foolish because I am in love with him. I know he is not guilty because of what happened that day.\" \"I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything. Fiona said that she tried to talk to you. You said that she could talk to her but when she did you screamed at her and practically threw her out of the office.\" \"She said that?\" Cecilia asked. \"It's partially true. I did yell at her, rather harshly. Her timing was awful. We had received a letter from the Bristol Prison a few days earlier that stated that they would be coming to pick up Robbie to take him to the prison. The Army had given Private Turner an honorable discharge because they felt his battle with septicemia weakened him and he was no longer fit for duty, so he was being sent back to prison. I had yet to break the news to him. I didn't tend to him or speak to him at all that day, and he was due to be taken away the following morning, our anniversary of sorts. That was the condition I was in when she burst into the office demanding to talk to me.\" Nurse Almond-Smith looked at Cecilia. \"Private Turner. I remember him. He asked me to bring him some tea once. No milk, just two sugars.\" \"Yes, that would be him.\" Cecilia smiled. \"And he had the most beautiful blue eyes.\" Rosie laughed. \"He did, didn't he, Frankie?\" she responded. \"Oh, Cecilia, I hope your baby has his blue eyes.\" Frankie sighed. \"How can you be separated from the man you love like that and still find the will to live? It's hard enough to be separated from one's family. How do you go on; all those innocent victims, all your pain? How can you stand it? It's just not fair!\" \"I could merely say that 'this is life' or 'this is war' but I won't. I'm sure you've heard it all before and it doesn't help. I'm sure you all have been told that many times by your superiors. I know I certainly have. It is difficult. It's not going to get any easier. Don't ever think that it will or you will lose your compassion for those who are counting on to help them. Robbie is my reason for life. That is why I must go on. That is why I do not care for the 'Nightingale Method'. I want to get to know those who I treat, just enough to help them through the night or ease their minds so that they can move on to the next life. I cannot begin to count how many nights I've cried myself to sleep thinking of Robbie or how many times I've woken up to a wet pillow from my tears from my dreams of him. I wake up at times feeling warm and comforted knowing that he loves me.\" Cecilia replied. \"Everyone has a different way of dealing with the pain. I can't tell you how to deal with it. You have to find your own way. What you see on the ward floor is not always what you will see off duty or even behind closed doors.\" \"I wonder what Sister Drummond is like.\" Jane asked not really expecting an answer. \"Marjorie Drummond is not at all the stiff by the book Ward Sister you are used to.\" Cecilia replied. \"Really? How did you meet her, become friends with her?\" \"We were probationers together. She was ahead of me in training. We were dorm mates. We bonded over something personal and it is not my business to share that with you. I was there for her as a friend, someone to talk to and share her feelings. She remained here while I was transferred to a maternity ward when our training was complete. When I'd heard that she had been promoted to Ward Sister in charge of training new recruits and thought how appropriate.\" Another nurse had entered the room and chuckled. \"You must have been more than just dorm mates from all the rumors that lingered.\" Rosie, Jane and Frankie turned to see who it was. Sister Tallis only had to look passed the trio of nurses toward the door. \"Tell me, Nurse Fiona Maguire, are you that starved for attention that you must perpetuate your desire to be the center of attention by continuing to spread rumors about me? Are you jealous perhaps of the possibility of me getting sexual satisfaction while you are not? If it is sexual satisfaction that you need, Nurse Maguire, then I am sure I can find a soldier willing to satisfy you or if you prefer the satisfaction of a female I do know of a few nurses who would be willing as well. Normally I condone such behavior and severely discipline those I find guilty of such offenses but I am willing to make an exception for you.\" The three nurses tried desperately not to laugh. Fiona flushed bright red. Frankie laughed at Cecilia. \"Are you always like this?\" she giggled. Cecilia laughed. \"No!\" She responded blushing. \"I am usually very shy, but confident. I do have a stubborn streak though. You might not like me outside of the ward.\" \"Or like you even less!\" Jane replied with a chuckle. Cecilia shook her head. \"Am I really that awful?\" \"Oh no! I was just kidding, honest.\" Jane replied defending herself. \"At first, I admitted I hated you. I thought you worse than Sister Drummond because you were constantly on the ward floor during your watch. But we soon realized that it wasn't because you were keeping an eye on us to catch us in the act of doing something wrong and be ready to pounce, but to jump in and give us a hand. Some of us have seen a few Head Nurses and Ward Sisters come and go, but we have never seen one work the way you do.\" \"We like you!\" Rose replied. \"Speak for yourselves.\" Fiona responded. \"I for one will be happy to see her go.\" Frankie looked sadly at Cecilia. \"You're leaving?\" she asked. \"Not yet. But it's being discussed.\" Cecilia replied. \"For now, I'm going to be doing more of the office work while Sister Drummond is going to be taking on my role. My pregnancy is going to limit my ability to work, and then as time goes by become very obvious. It's probably not the best professionally to walk about looking like that.\" The trio laughed. \"Now at the risk of sounding like an unfeeling bitch, if the three of you are ready to return to duty, I am sure they can use your help out there.\" Rose was the first to rise. \"You promised us we wouldn't get a write up, Sister Tallis!\" \"I did. Don't worry. If the three of you don't feel up to working then I will understand. But I will not tolerate laziness. If I find out that any of you three are slacking off duty due to laziness tonight, I will write you up for that.\" She replied. \"If any of the nurses or Sister Drummond give you a hard time about leaving your posts, tell them to come and talk to me in the morning. Do not argue with them.\" Jane stood up and followed Rose out of the ward. Frankie remained on the bed. Cecilia could tell she was still a bit shaken up. \"Sister Tallis, is it possible to perhaps call my father? I'm sure he's worried. He's a doctor at the Royal Mardsen Hospital in Chelsea.\" Frankie asked. \"I'm afraid I can't allow that. If I allow you a personal call I will have to allow one for everyone. However, I can call the hospital to leave a message. I should give a to call my family to inform them that I'm all right. My father works for the Defense Ministry so I can get away with calling him even when he is at home. What is your father's name?\" Frankie smiled. \"It's easy to remember. Frank. Doctor Frank Almond-Smith.\" She giggled. \"I was named after him. I was either going to be Franklin or Frances. And I've always been called 'Frankie'. Thank you very much, Sister Tallis. If you don't mind, I really don't want to return to the ward. Seeing all those injured doctors and nurses is a little bit hard. I can't help think that it could have been my father's hospital that was hit and that he could be among the injured… or worse.\" \"Understood.\" Sister Tallis replied. \"Get some rest. I expect you to be ready for duty in the morning.\" Sister Tallis stood up and walked out of the dorm room leaving Fiona glaring at her. (d-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-b) After dinner everyone gathered in the drawing room for cocktails. Jack excused apologizing that he had some business to attend to. The bombings were spreading and the war was growing. Emily knew her husband would not be able to sleep and let him go. He was also never the social type, preferring to sit in his library and read. \"Do you drink, Briony?\" Emily asked as Leon handed her a glass of white wine. Briony shook her head. \"No, ma'am.\" She replied by habit. \"I mean Mother.\" She corrected. \"That's good. Do you smoke? Your sister smokes far too much.\" Emily replied. \"I don't smoke either.\" Briony replied. \"Cecilia says she's cut back a bit. She can't afford cigarettes as much as she used to.\" Leon handed Briony a glass of tonic water with a twist of lime. \"So, what's it like working with Cecilia?\" He asked. \"I just can't picture her as a nurse.\" \"Actually she's quite a good nurse.\" Briony answered. \"As for working with her, it's just like working with anyone else. Sometimes it is hard to believe that Ward Sister Tallis is my sister Cecilia. Many of the doctors like her. The St Thomas director has even offered to allow her to continue classes after the war and possibly sponsor her through medical school if she's still interested.\" Leon laughed. \"Medical school? Is this director aware of her third at Cambridge? She didn't even study medicine. She studied literature, wasting her time reading books there when she could have just as easily read father's collections in our library. How hard could that have been? How the hell does she expect to get through medical school?\" Leon snorted. \"The only reason she's even a nurse is because Robbie wanted to go to medical school. I can't believe the old man was willing to pay for that! I never would have figured our stubborn sister would throw her life away for some low life commoner. She had so much going for her if she had only waited for a proposal from Paul. At least Lola had the sense to accept.\" \"Cecilia is doing quite well for herself, Leon.\" Briony replied. \"She's living on her own doing what she enjoys. You don't see her at work every day like I do. She really enjoys nursing. She wouldn't have gotten promoted to the rank of Ward Sister if she didn't and didn't truly enjoy what she does. Getting a promotion doesn't come easy. If anyone threw their life away, it was me. I wanted to become a writer. My dream was to follow you and Cecilia to Cambridge and immerse myself in literature and learn from the masters. I threw it all away because of my guilt of what I had done to Robbie and Cecilia and followed Cecilia into nursing, not as some heroic act to help serve my country. I'm miserable and I'm a terrible nurse.\" Emily turned to her daughter. \"Come now. It can't be all that bad. I'm sure you are a wonderful nurse.\" \"No, I'm not. I've gotten many write ups from Sister Drummond. And even Cecilia laughed at me telling me how terrible I am. The only reason I'm probably still there is because we are so badly needed right now. Under normal circumstances, I probably wouldn't have lasted the first week!\" \"If you are so miserable, why don't you come home?\" Emily replied. \"I am so worried for you and Cecilia as well. I don't want anything to happen to the two of you.\" \"I want to be close to Cecilia. She is just beginning to accept me as her sister again. And now with a baby on the way, I want to be there for her.\" \"All the more reason for you as well as Cecilia to come home!\" she replied. \"With the bombings in London, I fear for your safety. How are things in Lambeth?\" \"We are fine.\" Briony replied. \"No need to worry. We can hear the Army guns and the German planes fly overhead. Sometimes we can hear bombs exploding in the distance.\" All was quiet as the gathered family could hear the air raid sirens from the nearby town sound. Just then a panicked Jack burst into the drawing room and turned to his youngest daughter. \"Briony, does Cecilia work in the North Wing? Please tell me the two of you do not work in the North Wing and that Cecilia has no business being there.\" \"No, we are in the South Wing, and I don't think Cecilia would have business there.\" Briony responded with confusion. \"Why do you ask?\" \"The Germans have bombed St Thomas Hospital. They hit the North Wing.\" Briony felt guilty that she was at home, while her sister and the other nurses were at the hospital having to deal with what she was sure was pure chaos. She looked to her mother who had begun to cry. She felt sad and wanted to comfort her mother but did not know how to or what to say. She realized how little emotion she felt, how little her sadness seemed to affect her. Was there something wrong with her? Why was it so hard for her to care and understand the feelings of those around her? She was beginning to grasp why her actions five years ago had angered her sister so much. No one felt like leaving the drawing room. They all remained. No one said a word. What could they say? Cecilia had only made the one visit in June to start making amends and if it not for Betty and Grace encouraging her to speak to the family, they never would have known she had come for a visit. Leon paced the room. It only added to the tension. Finally Emily cracked. \"Leon! Sit down. Stop pacing. You are going to wear out the floor.\" Emily replied. Leon continued to pace. He only stopped for a moment to pour himself another drink. It was nearly 2am when Betty entered the Drawing Room. All eyes turned to her. \"Mr. Tallis,\" Betty responded, \"Jack, I just got off the phone with Cecilia. She said she couldn't talk but she wanted to call and let us know that she was all right. She said she was off to get some rest and sends her love.\" A huge weight was lifted for those in the room. Jack stood up. \"Well, I think we should follow Cecilia's lead and get some rest.\" He turned to Briony. \"Don't you leave tomorrow? Would you like a ride to the hospital? I plan on leaving early. I am sure there will be much for me to do at the Ministry.\" \"Well, I was actually planning on taking the bus into town. I don't have to be back until late afternoon. But I will ride with you. I'm sure an extra body will be much appreciated.\" (d-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-b) It was nearly 10am when Sister Drummond had had enough felt as though she was too tired to work. The bombing of the North Wing had affected everyone. Even Sister Tallis had lasted until 2am. As she entered the office she noticed her pregnant Ward Sister asleep on the hide-away. She wanted to waken her but didn't have the heart. The phone rang and Sister Tallis didn't even stir. She must have been really tired. Sister Drummond forgot about her fatigue and walked to the desk to answer the phone. \"Ward Four. Sister Drummond speaking.\" She responded. \"Hello? This is Robbie Turner. Is Sister Tallis available?\" the polite male voice on the other end asked. \"Oh my goodness! Robbie? Yes. Hold the line, please.\" Sister Drummond responded with surprise. She rushed over to the hide-away and shook Sister Tallis awake. \"Cecilia, wake up.\" Sister Tallis opened her eyes. \"Marjorie. Do you need the bed?\" she asked groggily. \"Yes, but I didn't wake you for that. The telephone is for you.\" She replied not giving away who was on the phone. Cecilia stretched and got up. Still half asleep, she answered the phone. \"Sister Tallis speaking, how may I assist you?\" she responded. \"Ward Sister, my tummy hurts.\" The voice on the other end responded. \"I think I ate something funny.\" \"Robbie?\" Cecilia exclaimed not quite believing her ears. \"Is that you, darling?\" \"I love you, Cee.\" Robbie replied with a chuckle. \"They told me I could call a family member so I asked if it could be my fiancé. I can't talk long but I just wanted to hear your voice.\" \"I love you. I wish I could see you.\" Cecilia replied. \"I have news.\" \"News? Is everything, everyone all right?\" Robbie asked with concern. \"Everything, everyone is all right. It's about me, about us.\" Cecilia replied. \"I really want to tell you in person and see your face, but I don't know when that will be. I'm carrying our child, Robbie. I'm pregnant.\" \"I'm going to be a dad!\" Robbie replied happily. \"Yes, darling.\" Cecilia chuckled. \"Did you tell my mother?\" \"Briony should have told them. She went on holiday, and I gave her permission to tell the family. I hope you don't mind. She was awfully excited to be becoming an aunt. And I don't know I will next have leave.\" \"I understand.\" Robbie replied. \"I got a letter from your father. I wrote him back telling him my part of what happened that night. I guess he's trying to follow up on where the twins went that night?\" \"Yes, he is. We are trying to locate the twins but Lola had them sent away to boarding school and won't even tell her Aunt which one or where.\" \"Do you think Marshall knows that you are trying to prove me innocent?\" Robbie asked. \"I'm not sure. If he does I'm blaming Leon.\" Cecilia replied. \"But I don't want to talk about that. I want to talk about happier things. I'm learning how to make your favorite breakfast.\" \"Pancakes and oatmeal?\" Robbie asked. \"Are you going to cook for me when I get out?\" \"I'm going to try.\" Cecilia replied. \"Don't get your hopes up. I'm afraid all I can make at the moment are crispy egg wafers and glue.\" Robbie giggled. \"I have faith, Cee, that by the time I do get out you will have perfected them. I look forward to trying them.\" Robbie sighed. \"I'm afraid my time is up. Tell my mother I love her. I love you, Cecilia.\" \"I love you, Robbie. I'll wait for you. Come back to me.\" The line was disconnected. Cecilia started to cry. It had felt so good to hear Robbie's voice again, to talk to him if even for a short time. She sat down behind the desk and looked at the work schedule. The ward was in good hands at the moment. Head Nurse Bennet would be starting her second shift. Not that she doubted the ward wouldn't be. Sister Drummond would not have left it any other way. She wiped her tears and decided that she would wash up and change into a fresh uniform. Then breakfast was in order. There was a knock on the door. Cecilia sighed. So much for breakfast, she thought. \"Come in,\" Sister Tallis responded. The door opened and Sister Tallis was surprised to see her sister. \"Briony, what are you doing here?\" she asked. \"I didn't expect you until later this afternoon.\" \"I rode up with father. I figured you could use an extra body.\" Briony replied. \"Thank you for calling the house, Cee. I know it was probably not within regulations.\" \"It wasn't. I figured since father was a member of the Defense Ministry I can get away with it if called on it. I know it was late. I hope I didn't wake anyone.\" Cecilia replied. \"I also promised to call the Royal Mardsen Hospital in Chelsea for Nurse Almond-Smith. Do you know her?\" \"I'm not sure if Betty was asleep, but none of us moved from the drawing room after father came in to inform us that the hospital was hit.\" She replied. \"I don't think I know Nurse Almond-Smith. I'm sure it was a rough night.\" Cecilia pointed to Sister Drummond asleep in the hide-away. Briony snickered. \"Oh dear. Cee, please don't tell Sister Drummond that I laughed at her.\" \"I won't.\" Cecilia chuckled. \"And under the circumstances, I don't think she would be too angry. Besides, you came back from your holiday early, after a crisis. Are you prepared to work a shift? I can make sure you work only one so you can rest up before your scheduled shift.\" \"Have you been crying? Is everything all right?\" Briony asked with concern ignoring the Ward Sister's question. Cecilia smiled. \"Happy tears.\" She replied. \"Robbie called.\" \"What?\" Briony exclaimed. \"So you got to talk to him?\" \"For a little bit, yes. I got to tell him about our baby.\" \"Oh, Cee, that's wonderful!\" \"Marjorie woke me to tell me the telephone was for me. When I answered he said 'Ward Sister, my tummy hurts. I think I ate something funny.' He used to say that all the time when we were little and he'd get a tummy ache.\" Cecilia giggled. \"The poor guy. He was always getting tummy aches. Sometimes it would from eating too much or sometimes it was from eating something he shouldn't have. When we used to play together, me, Robbie and Leon, I used to make mud pies. I would 'feed' them to Robbie and Leon. I think Robbie actually ate them!\" \"He what?\" Briony laughed. \"I don't know whether it was from stupidity, or he was just that nice. I prefer to think that he was nice.\" Cecilia replied. \"One time, I backed a batch of cookies, a bit of Betty's help. I baked the cookies before with a lot of her help, and she thought I would be all right on my own. I wasn't. They ended up with too much salt, too much ginger, and I burned them. I gave a couple for Robbie to try, and he gobbled them up. He got sick.\" Briony laughed harder. \"And he actually wants to marry you and have you cook for him? Is he insane?\" \"It's just his nature, I suppose. He has always been the good natured fellow. Don't get him wrong, Briony. He's not naïve. He wouldn't eat mud pies and burned cookies from just anyone.\" Cecilia laughed. \"When I attended the local Grammar with Leon and Robbie before I was accepted to Rodean, there was a girl there who liked Robbie. She made him a mud pie that was much prettier than any I've ever made for him. He refused to eat it.\" \"I could see Robbie being liked by everyone.\" Briony replied. \"I can see why you like him so much.\" Cecilia sighed. \"Sometimes I feel as though I don't deserve him.\" \"Cee, don't say that! The two of you were meant for each other!\" Briony exclaimed. \"When we were younger, it didn't matter that I was the 'master's daughter' and he 'the servant's son'. We were just Robbie and Cecilia. Leon was the first to play the class thing. I remember him telling me that I shouldn't play with Robbie anymore. I remember crying and asking him why. I ran to father and told him what Leon said. He told me to ignore my brother and do whatever I wanted. There might be a time where I should no longer play with Robbie and would no longer want to but now was not that time.\" Cecilia replied. \"I had no idea what he meant at the time. I was just happy to be able to ignore my big brother and his bossiness and play with my best friend.\" \"Robbie still is your best friend, isn't he, Cee.\" \"Maybe he is.\" She replied. \"I suppose that's why even my snobbishness at Cambridge couldn't break our bond. All those years away, at Rodean, changed me. I became a 'class snob' like Leon. Something changed again at Cambridge. I wanted to talk to Robbie, hang out with him. But I couldn't and I didn't understand why. One was because he was 'our housekeeper's son' and I questioned myself why that had to matter. The other was that I was scared to death of him. Not him exactly, per se but how I was beginning to feel and I had no idea how he felt, so I just ignored him. That is why I feel as though I don't deserve him.\" \"No! Don't say that. Don't ever think that!\" Briony replied. \"You are a much better person than you were then, than you were five years ago. You deserve to be happy! You didn't do anything wrong. I did! And I curse myself every day for denying you of that.\" \"Thank you.\" Cecilia replied. \"Shakespeare wrote in 'Hamlet' 'above all this to thine own self be true'. I never really understood what the bard meant until five years ago. I wasted so much time at Cambridge. If I had told him how I felt, we might be married. Promise me, Briony that you will be true to yourself. Don't let anyone, or society tell you how you should live and who you should love. If I had done that, Robbie and I might have come back from Cambridge engaged rather than estranged.\" \"And everything that happened that day might never have happened.\" Briony added. Cecilia shook her head. \"No. No, that's not what I meant. You still could have seen something happening between Robbie and I that you did not understand. Things still could have happened the way they did. This isn't about me, Briony. It's about you.\" she replied. \"While I regret the decisions I made at Cambridge, I cannot change the past. They have molded me into the woman I am today. I am enjoying the life I have. Do you understand what I am trying to say?\" \"I think so.\" Briony admitted as she tried to grasp just what her sister wanted her to understand. \"I don't want you to blame yourself, Briony.\" Cecilia replied. \"Paul Marshall is Leon's friend. He could have been at the house for many different reasons. If not that hot summer day, then another.\" Cecilia shuddered at the thought that the reason Marshall had been invited was to propose to her. \"I've gone through many scenarios of what could have happened, how things could have been different, how things could have been changed. I've blamed just about everybody for what happened, even Robbie. What happened that day, Briony, was not just your fault.\" Briony was surprised at what she was hearing. \"You really blamed Robbie?\" \"Yes, Briony, I have. I have blamed myself, Danny, mother, Grace... everyone at one time or another. That is why I can honestly say that I love you. You are my sister. I can accept that and love you despite my hating you for what you did to me and Robbie by your lies. Or did you lie? You may have seen what you thought you saw and whether or not it was not what was truly happening from your point of view it was the truth. But in the end I know why you did what you did. You saw something, and you were only trying to protect me, like I had done for you many times in the past.\" \"Thank you.\" Briony replied. \"You're welcome.\" Cecilia replied giving her body a long stretch. \"Now, I think I need a bath, and some food. If you are up to it, I'm sure they can use some help in the ward. I've given you a bit to think about. If you want to rest before your shift later, get some rest. If not, get dressed and tell Nurse Bennet you will work one shift now and then return for your scheduled shift.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer Apologies to Ian McEwan, who wrote a wonderful book, to Christopher Hampton, who wrote t"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"The Lady is a Spy","Author":"Runt Thunderbelch","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6571525","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: You will be shocked, shocked to learn I do not hold the copyright to Casablanca. The Lady is a Spy Chapter 1 Yvonne's hands were shaking so badly she didn't know how she could possibly shoot the two men. She hunkered in the shadows of the Casablanca train station, took long breaths, and willed her heart to slow. She had to do this. She had to. In the distance, the dark form of the train from Oran drew ever closer, its headlight so bright it gleamed even in the glare of the desert afternoon. The heat from the endless Sahara drifted up in undulating waves, glistening ironically like water. The train's approach across the desert was surreal, like a giant iron sea snake with a Cyclops eye. It was coming, and when it got here, Yvonne knew she had to do it. Captain Heinz had been very specific. As soon as the train arrived, maybe even before it came to a complete stop, she was to get onboard. There might be passengers already heading for the exit. She was to push through them and was to immediately get to compartment 4-03. Open the door. Inside, there would be two men, one with an attaché case chained to his wrist. Then, with the pistol Heinz had given her, she was to first shoot the man without the attaché case. He'd be the guard, and he'd be armed and dangerous. The other was just a clerk. He probably wouldn't have a gun, and he'd be hampered by the attaché case. So, kill him second. Then take the bolt cutters Heinz had given her and had shown her how to use, cut the chain, take the attaché case, and bring immediately it to Heinz at the German consulate. Do it, and her brother would finally be freed from the Nazi concentration camp. Don't do it, and her brother would not live out the week. Life may be cheap in Casablanca, but it was far cheaper in a concentration camp. So Yvonne would do as Heinz had ordered, even though his instructions made no sense. The two couriers were already bringing the attaché case to Heinz. That was their mission. Wait just a few minutes, and they'd bring it to him. Why kill them to get the case? Heinz's instructions were madness, but if carrying them out would free her brother, she would kill the two men and get the case. Fear ran up and down her arms and legs like ants. Her heart was racing again. She stood and steeled herself. Near the rear of the train, a window opened, and a small man wearing a yellow suit and carrying an attaché case jumped out. The man fell when he hit the ground, tumbling in the dust. At this distance, it was hard to tell, but he might be Ugarté. The little man regained his feet, glanced quickly around to get his bearings and then ran off with the case. Had it been Ugarté? The greasy little man was a freelancer whom Heinz employed from time to time, and it'd be just like that fat slob of a German to send out two agents on the same job. The little man had been carrying an attaché case, so maybe. On the other hand, there were more than one attaché case in the world, and the little man had not run off in the direction of the German consulate or even towards Ugarté's pigsty of an apartment. The only thing of interest in the direction he had run off to was Rick's Café Américain. Should she follow him? No. What if the two couriers were still alive and still had the attaché case? She had to be sure. She dried her palms on her skirt, gripped the satchel with the bolt cutters and pistol inside, and prepared to run. A shriek of a police whistle cut the air. In a roar of gasoline exhaust and road dust, three touring cars filled with Vichy police skidded around the corner, raced across the dirt, and screeched to a halt beside the railroad track. The policemen piled out and took up positions along both sides of the track where the train would be stopping. My god what was happening? Yvonne sprinted forward and charged up to their officer. \"What's going on?\" she demanded. \"Step back, s'il vous plait.\" \"Tell me!\" He saw the panic in her eyes. \"We received a message from the train. Two men have been murdered. The killer must still be aboard. Step back, please. There may be gun play.\" She stumbled away, head reeling. The little man had indeed been Ugarté. He had killed the couriers before she had a chance to, and now he had the case. Her brother was doomed.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 When Yvonne questioned herself why Ugarté had not run towards the German consulate but rather had fled towards Rick's, she could come up with only one rational explanation. First, one had to take into account that Ugarté was a friend of Rick's (well, kind of). If Ugarté was taking the attaché case to Rick's rather than to Heinz, this meant Ugarté was betraying Heinz. Ugarté was keeping the case for himself. He would hide it at Rick's. If this was so, there was still a chance she could get it back. Yvonne hurried to the locker she had rented earlier in the day. She unlocked it, took out her purse, and replaced it with the satchel containing the pistol and the bolt cutters. The train station had a bank of payphones. She rummaged through her purse to find a franc and called Rick's. \"Rick's Café Américain,\" answered a gentle voice with just a hint of a Russian accent. \"Sasha, it's me. Yvonne.\" \"Ah, my lovely! I am in Heaven!\" he gushed. \"I need to speak to Rick.\" \"And now . . . I am in Hell,\" the Russian moaned. \"Is he there?\" \"One moment, my sweet. Any always remember, I love you.\" The phone clicked as she was put momentarily on hold, and then it was picked up again. \"Yeah?\" snarled the gruff voice on the other end. \"Hello, Rick darling. It's me, Yvonne!\" She forced her voice to be chipper. \"I'm not sure how to say this, so I'll just say it. Remember a few months ago, when I got very, very drunk at your place, and we ended up being very naughty together?\" No response. \"Well, I'm feeling very naughty again.\" The silence on the other end continued. \"To tell you the truth,\" Rick said eons later, \"I was quite drunk myself. I don't remember anything that happened that night.\" \"On Vichy water?\" she reminded him. \"But even if you are telling the truth, this would be the perfect time for me to come over and remind you.\" \"Hmmm,\" Rick mumbled. \"I don't think that's such a good idea.\" \"To the contrary,\" she purred, \"I think it's a positively wonderful idea.\" She paused, keeping the artificial smile on her lips, making him be the one to speak first. \"You see . . . I have other plans.\" \"You can break them. I will make it well worth your time.\" \"Uh. What, exactly, did you have in mind?\" Beast. Was he actually going to make her use the words? The actual words? Over the telephone? Okay then, here's hoping the line wasn't tapped. She forced her voice to remain matter of fact, but she told him. Simply, lewdly, and in great detail. When she'd finished, her breath escaped her. She had never spoken so graphically to a man before. Yes, she'd done some pretty raunchy things, but she always tried to watch her language. \"That is, dear Rick, unless you're going to turn me down and break my heart.\" \"No I uh . . . I couldn't do that.\" She could sense him squirming. \"Why don't you come over here, say about eight? I still have that room upstairs.\" So, he couldn't remember that first night, eh? \"Of course, darling. I'll be there. Don't start without me.\" She hung up. So there was the plan. Let Rick do whatever he wanted with her until he passed out from exhaustion. Then, while he was sleeping, she'd find the attaché case, take it to Heinz, and get her brother freed. She rang up Heinz at the consulate. The German asked anxiously, \"Do you have the case?\" \"No. Ugarté got there ahead of me.\" \"Then what are you bothering me for?\" \"Just to let you know that Ugarté is betraying you. He's not there with you, is he? Why do you think that is?\" \"What are you saying?\" \"He's taken the attaché case. He's keeping it for himself. Don't look for him at his apartment either. He's not there. But I know where he's going. And I can still get the case for you . . . if our deal is still on. Is it?\" Heinz's flabby brain chewed on these facts for awhile. \"Of course, Fraulein. But things are urgent. You must get me that case within the next, say, 24 hours, or I'll send out the order of execution. Is that understood?\" \"Make it 48 hours.\" Heinz grunted. \"Many things are beyond my control. If I can keep the deal open for 48 hours, I'll will. But to be honest, I don't think I can. Get me that case, or your brother dies!\" \"What if Ugarté has emptied the attaché case and disposed of it? What am I really looking for?\" There was silence on the other end as Heinz determined how far he could trust her. \"It contains a single Manila envelope. Inside the envelope are two letters of transit, each signed by General Pétain. They are the type that cannot be rescinded, not even questioned.\" Mon Dieu, she thought to herself. On the black market, those letters would be worth a fortune. \"I will get them for you,\" she promised and hung up. She looked up at the station clock and trembled. She had very little time. This would be close, so very close. \"Mademoiselle?\" Yvonne turned to find herself facing an embarrassed-looking police officer. \"Yes?\" \"Come with me, please.\" \"Come? Come where? What for?\" \"You are under arrest.\" Her heart stopped. \"What . . . is the charge?\" \"Suspicion of murdering two German couriers.\" \"But I wasn't even on the train!\" \"No. But you are young, and you are beautiful. And I have my standing orders from Captain Renault. You are to be brought in for questioning.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 When Yvonne was finally taken from her jail cell to the office of the Prefect of Police, the first thing she did was check the clock. It was well after seven in the evening. Mon Dieu, so late! She had to get out of here fast! Louis Renault was sitting at his desk, looking tired. How many young ladies had he \"questioned\" today? His blurry eyes took her in and then suddenly brightened in recognition. \"Ah Yvonne! What are you doing here, my dear?\" Her escort answered for her. \"We picked her up at the train station. She had no good explanation for why she was there. What she did have, though, was a key to one of the lockers, and inside, we found this.\" The man placed Yvonne's satchel on Renault's desk. He set her purse down next to it. The captain opened satchel, saw its contents, and frowned. Yvonne's escort bent over and whispered into Renault's ear, mistakenly believing that Yvonne could not hear him. \"The killer left his own bolt cutters in the compartment where we found the two bodies. This gun is not the same caliber as the murder weapon. And, it has not been fired.\" Renault straightened, looking puzzled. What was going on here? Two assassins? \"Thank you. You may go,\" he said to the policeman, who obediently left the room. Renault again looked into the satchel. \"Yvonne,\" he said, \"can you tell me what the purpose of these two items is?\" Yvonne glanced again at the clock. \"I could tell you, but you wouldn't believe me.\" The Prefect smiled. \"Try me.\" She shook her head. \"It would be a waste of time. Do this instead.\" She hesitated but then reminded herself there was no other way. \"Call Captain Heinz. He'll tell you.\" \"What?\" Fear and uncertainty flashed Renault's eyes. \"Call the military attaché at the German consulate. His name is Heinz; you know that. Captain Heinz will tell you.\" Renault sat back heavily in his chair, studying her. His mind was easy to read: Were the Nazis mixed up in this? And if so, what did Renault dare do about it? \"Would you like me to give you his number?\" Renault gave a weak shake of his head. He picked up his phone receiver and dialed. \"Good evening,\" he said when the phone was answered. \"This is Louis Renault, Prefect of Police. By any chance, is Captain Heinz still there?\" There was a short pause while he was connected. \"Good evening, Captain. This is Louis. I have a certain situation that's come up here that maybe you can help me with. \"Today, we arrested a young lady at the train station. She's the same one that you were eyeing the other night at Rick's. Remember? We joked about it.\" Heinz's voice came through, muffled. \"Correct. Yvonne. She has a satchel, and in it, are a pistol and bolt cutters. When I asked her about it, she suggested I call you.\" Heinz voice roared back. She couldn't make out the words, but he sounded very, very angry. In contrast, Renault remained remarkably calm. \"No, that isn't my question.\" He endured another torrent of angry words and then continued. \"Would you listen to what I have to ask you? It's a single question, very simple. Would you like me to release her?\" A few more words came over the line, more questioning than angry. \"That's right. If you wish me to release her, I will, and no more questions asked.\" Heinz remained quiet for what seemed to be an eternity. Then he spoke two words. Renault nodded. \"I will be happy to do so. Thank you for your assistance. Good evening.\" He hung up, looked over at Yvonne, and shrugged. \"You are free to go.\" Had she heard him correctly? \"May I have my purse back?\" He handed the purse over but put the satchel on the floor. \"I'll keep this here for safe keeping, if you don't mind.\" Yvonne's head was spinning as she got up and made her way towards the exit. She went passed Renault's coach, upon which she had, more than once, convinced him she was innocent of the crime with which she had been falsely charged. At the door, she turned back. \"I'd like to go to Rick's. Would you be so kind as to have one of your men call me a cab?\" He smiled an oily smile. \"Better than that. I'll have one of them drive you.\" Rick's Américain was already crowded by the time she got there. Loud voices tumbled over each other (except for the conspiratorial whispers at various tables). Laughter brayed; glasses clinked. Sam's upright piano pounded out a gloriously happy tune. But Rick was nowhere to be found. Nor was Ugarté. Yvonne did find Karl, the former university professor who was Rick's head waiter. He told her than Rick had left early without saying where he was going or if and when he'd be back. Yes, Ugarté had been here too, later, but when Ugarté had found out Rick was no longer there, he had run out of the club in a panic and hadn't been seen since. So Yvonne sat down at the bar, had a drink, and hoped that either Rick or Ugarté would return soon. Sasha served her a double. She drank the drink, and then another. She drank, and drank, and drank.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 A thundering headache awoke her the next morning. She lay motionless for awhile and then dragged back the single sheet to find she was wearing only panties. Yvonne couldn't remember how she had gotten home. She got unsteadily to her feet, waited for her stomach to settle and headed for the aspirin. Her bra had been placed neatly on the top of her dresser, but where was the rest of her clothing? She opened her closet and found the garments hanging neatly. On the floor, her shoes stood in perfect formation. She blinked and looked again. They had been shined. A few unsteady steps took her to her medicine cabinet. She shook a pair of aspirin into her palm and then discovered her bathroom glass was missing. She went to her kitchenette to get a replacement and was astonished to see that her dishes had all been washed and now were sitting in the rack, perfectly dry. There was a note that said simply, \"Yvonne – I love you.\" Talk about presumptuous! She was so enraged, she actually stamped her foot. -–And was surprised when it didn't stick to the floor. A closer examination showed Sasha had mopped it. Rick's wasn't open for the lunch crowd yet, so Yvonne went around to the kitchen entrance. She burst through, tried to ignore the banging of pots and pans which threatened to split her still throbbing skull, and stormed out into the café's main room. Sasha was behind the bar, finishing up his last-minute preparations for opening. Yvonne bellowed, \"Who the hell do you think you are? My mother!\" Nonplussed, Sasha simply held up a small slip of paper. \"Yvonne,\" he said. \"I love you.\" Her stride hesitated for a moment. She snatched the paper from his hand. It was a phone message. \"Rick – Ugarté will be in here this evening. He must speak with you - very important and very urgent! –S.\" Her rage subsided somewhat. \"Did Ugarté say where he is now?\" Sasha flinched. \"No. Just that.\" Yvonne was about to let a verbal torrent loose upon him when the phone rang. He answered it and then scrabbled for a pen with which to take the reservation. This was a tactical mistake on his part. The delay let Yvonne's anger rekindle, and Sasha seemed to be unaware of the venom that he was about to be hit with. When the call finished, he hung up and turned to her, his face white as a ghost. He was trembling. \"Sasha, what is it?\" \"Viktor Laszlo just made a reservation for tonight. I actually spoke to him. I spoke to Viktor Laszlo.\" She had to find Ugarté or Rick or something. Yvonne tried first at the Blue Parrot, but neither man was there. The owner, Signor Ferrari, made a half-hearted pass at her but was not disappointed when she declined. In the sweltering heat of the Sahara, making love to beautiful women took too much effort. Next, Yvonne went to Ugarté's apartment. She was so surprised to see his front door open that she stumbled back into the shade of a nearby building to get her thoughts straight. Before she could do anything, Heinz's aide Oberleutnant von Koln emerged. He was wearing ill-fitting civilian clothes and might have been carrying a pistol, which he quickly slipped into a shoulder holster under his jacket. Von Koln glanced around, clattered down the flight of wooden steps to the street and grabbed a nearby scrawny man. \"I told you,\" wailed the man. \"I have not seen him in two days!\" \"If you see him, do not tell him I was here.\" Von Koln shoved the scrawny man to the ground and then strode arrogantly off towards the German consulate. Yvonne shadowed him. The guards were used to seeing her there and let her in without incident. She went quickly to Heinz's office. \"Have you found Ugarté yet?\" Heinz asked. \"No, and neither has von Koln. But I know where he'll be tonight.\" \"Where?\" \"At Rick's Café,\" she informed him. \"Captain Heinz, you must admit I've been a great help to you. What kind of help will I be in the future if my brother is dead?\" He sneered as he stood and began gathering up his things. \"I have already told you. That is out of my hands. Besides, the most you have done is to tell me things a few moments before I would have otherwise found them out. You are not so much an asset to the Third Reich as you may believe.\" \"What if I can tell you something you don't know?\" Heinz shook his head. \"Fraulein, I do not have time for your little fantasies. My superior is flying in, and I must be at the airport to greet him.\" \"Viktor Laszlo is in Casablanca.\" The fat German sighed with exasperation. \"I know exactly where Viktor Laszlo is. At this very moment, he is in Oran. He is being very closely watched by some of our best agents. Now, if you'll excuse me.\" \"Viktor Laszlo is in Casablanca. He has a reservation at Rick's for this evening.\" Heinz turned to look at her. \"It makes no difference. I've told you repeatedly, whether your brother lives or dies is out of my hands. You were given twenty-four hours to obtain the letters of transit,\" he glanced at his watch. \"And your time is nearly up.\"[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Maybe it was not too late. When the others had left for the airport, Heinz had left Oberleutnant von Koln in charge of security in the consulate. Yvonne had flirted with the young aide, and although he had pretended not to be interested, he did let slip that no order of execution had yet been made. Also, any such order must necessarily come though him. Yvonne realized that, if she were unsuccessful at getting her hands on the letters of transit, she would have to be very nice to von Koln. He could be her brother's only hope. Yvonne was now dressed in her sexiest outfit and was camped out in the main room at Rick's. When Ugarté came in, she would be sure to spot him. What she did not know was that Ugarté had already spotted the Vichy police staked out in front, and so he'd come around via the back, had entered through the kitchen, had pushed by the crowd at the entry into the gambling room, and had disappeared inside. When Sam started singing, \"Knock on Wood,\" Rick drifted out of the back room. He strode across the crowded floor as the audience around him joined in Sam's song. He walked up behind Sam's piano, bathed in the spotlight. When Sam sang, the spotlight remained on him. But when the audience responded, it jumped away to them, leaving Sam and Rick in darkness. Once the song was over, Rick left the spotlight. Signor Ferrari came over to Rick as Sam began playing \"The Very Thought of You.\" The two saloon keepers exchanged pleasantries. Then they sidled over and spoke to Sam. Sam grinned and said something. Signor Ferrari shrugged good naturedly and left. Sasha poured Yvonne another cognac and murmured, \"The boss's private stock because, Yvonne, I love you.\" \"Oh shut up.\" \"All right, all right. For you I'll shut up,\" Sasha replied, \"because Yvonne, I love you. -Uh oh.\" Rick was coming over. Yvonne's eyes shot daggers at the man who was responsible, most likely, for her brother's death. Why had he stood her up? She was willing to do anything for him. She drained her glass. Sasha picked up a check that had been sitting on the counter. \"Monsieur Rick, Monsieur Rick, some Germans bo-bo-bo-bum gave me this check. Is all right?\" Rick turned his back to her and tore the check in two. She was stalking him now, coming up behind him. Then her knees weakened and she needed the help of a barstool to stand. \"Where were you last night?\" \"That was so long ago, I don't remember.\" \"Will I see you tonight?\" He said wearily, \"I never make plans that far ahead.\" He was toying with her. She shoved her empty glass at Sasha, demanding a drink. What else was there for her to do? Then there were words, and she suddenly found herself being manhandled by Rick towards the front door. \"Too much to drink,\" he had said. As she struggled, the door to the back room opened, and Yvonne caught a glimpse of the sad face of Ugarté peering out. Then he vanished behind the closing door. Mon Dieu, he was already here! Rick pushed Yvonne out the front door to where Sasha had summoned a taxi. \"You go with her, Sasha, and make sure she gets home.\" \"Yes boss!\" \"And come right back.\" Sasha sagged. \"Yes, boss.\" The Russian marched her over to where the taxi was waiting while Rick turned his back on her once again and headed back for his saloon. Sasha opened the cab door for her. She kneed him in the crotch and ran. The End[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 As Yvonne headed around the corner, she heard poor Sasha flopping around on the sidewalk like a landed fish. She ran around to the back of the café and raced in through the kitchen entrance. \"Where's Sasha?\" she shouted at the startled staff. One of them answered, \"He should be tending bar.\" \"Merci!\" She headed into the main room, but quickly made a sharp right and scurried up the stairs. A quick glance downwards told her that thankfully Rick had not yet come back inside. She tried the door to his office, but merde, it was locked! If Ugarté had given Rick the letters of transit, and he undoubtedly had, then the letters would be somewhere inside. She had to get in! Yvonne went back the way she'd come and tried another door. This one opened. Inside was a cluttered store room. She closed the door behind her and tried the room's single window. It too was unlocked, but it hadn't been opened in such a long time that it was a struggle to do so now. She wrestled it up and looked outside. As she had hoped there was a ledge running along where the ground floor met the one above it. But the ledge was only about five centimeters wide. She kicked off her high heels, prayed that she was not nearly as drunk as Rick had claimed her to be, and squirmed out of the window and onto the ledge. She inched along above the alleyway, feeling the gritty concrete beneath her feet and being assaulted by the odors floating up from the alley below, mostly stale urine and fresh camel dung. She finally reached his office window, which was covered by a muslin screen. She detached it easily enough, and it sailed down into the trash of the alley. The window inside was open, and so in she went. Yvonne remembered where his desk had been and found it easily even in the dark. She switched on his desk light and rummaged through the drawers, looking for either a manila envelope or the letters themselves. Nothing. She spotted the wall safe, which she'd completely forgot about, and flew to it. But it was locked. Was Rick the type who leaves the combination laying around somewhere just in case he forgot it? Not likely! Footsteps were approaching. She dashed back to the desk, killed the light, pulled out the wooden chair, and ducked into the hollow space. Rick's key rattled in the lock. He unlocked the door, switched on the ceiling light and went to the wall safe. Renault followed him, saying, \"Rick, we're going to have an important guest here tonight, Major Strasse.\" He prattled on as Rick opened the safe and pulled out some stacks of cash. The cash was passed to a croupier in the hall, who apologized, and left. Rick invited Renault in for a brandy, but really to ask him what was going on. \"There is a man arriving in Casablanca who'll offer a fortune to anyone for an exit visa.\" \"What's his name?\" asked Rick. \"Viktor Laszlo.\" Laszlo and the letters of transit? Was there a connection? Heinz would not be planning to sell the letters to Laszlo, because if so, there'd be no reason to murder the couriers. Once Heinz had rightfully received the letters, he could have simply sold them. And Heinz wasn't the type who was interested in mere money. Rather, he enjoyed his position of power which let him play God with other peoples' lives. Or rather, play Satan The realization hit her like ice water. It was not the letters which were important. It was the murders! Laszlo had committed no crime in French Morocco nor indeed anywhere in Vichy France. The French had no excuse with which to arrest him. But if Laszlo were tied in with the couriers' murders, if he were found with the incriminating letters of transit in his possession, he would go to prison for years. He maybe would even face a firing squad. The two men talked until Renault's aide came in to tell the Prefect that Major Strasse had arrived. Renault hurried away to be followed shortly by Rick. As the door closed, Yvonne crept from her hiding place and went to the door. Only the usual noise from the crowd came through the door. She flipped on the light and went back to the safe. Often people will be lazy and won't turn the dial far enough to scramble it. She inched the metal dial back very slowly until she felt it click. She tried the handle, and voila, the safe opened easily. Inside were two shelves, one with stacks of currency and the other with stacks of documents. She searched the documents until she was sure the letters of transit were not there. Suddenly gunfire erupted downstairs. She heard Ugarté shrieking, \"Rick! Rick! Help me!\" Yvonne slammed the safe closed, turned off the light, eased the door open and peeked down to the main floor. Vichy police were pulling Ugarté off of Rick and were taking the terrified little man away. He fought, struggled and begged, but his efforts were useless. \"Rick!\" he screamed. \"Rick!\" But inexorably, the French police were dragging Ugarté off to his doom. And Rick was practically gloating. \"I stick my neck out for nobody,\" he announced proudly. So she had no letters of transit, and now she had no Ugarté. How was she ever going to save her brother?[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 The next evening, Yvonne entered into the laughter of Rick's Café on the arm of Oberleutnant von Koln. The trombone player was the first to notice her and, in tribute, he struck up \"You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby.\" The rest of the house band spotted her and eagerly joined in. She strode across the main floor, with her white low-cut blouse and her whiter skirt, looking more gorgeous than an angel, albeit a fallen one. Yvonne and von Koln swept by Rick, who was sitting at a table with Renault. Both men looked a little jealous, and she shot them a triumphant glance before ignoring them. \"Sasha!\" she exulted as they approached the bar. The Russian looked miserable, but it served him right for having sided with Rick against her. Von Koln was already ordering champagne. \"French '75!\" \"Starting here,\" agreed Yvonne slamming one hand down on the bar, \"and ending here!\" Her other hand came down some distance away. The Oberleutnant chuckled indulgently and cuddled her as he sat. \"We will begin with two.\" A contemptuous insult came from the Vichy policeman on the other side of her. \"You are not French if you go with a German like this,\" the policeman hissed in their native language. She twisted and suddenly hot words were flying back and forth between them like hornets. \"No, no, no, no! One moment,\" von Koln's attempt at French was awkward, almost unintelligible. The German was back on his feet, hurrying passed her, and he angrily twisted the Frenchman around to face him. \"What did you say? Would you kindly repeat it?\" \"What I said,\" sneered the policeman, glaring up at the much bigger man, \"is none of your business!\" \"I'll make it my business!\" Von Koln slapped him, and suddenly the two men were clashing together like bull elephants. Yvonne was screaming vainly at them. The Germans at a nearby table were getting to their feet. Vichy police were coming from the other side. Then Rick was there, pushing them apart. \"I don't like disturbances in my place! You either lay off politics or get out!\" A friendly hand came through the crowd and pulled the Frenchman away. Seeing the retreat, the Germans reluctantly settled back down at their own table. A new man, undoubtedly Major Strasse, looked particularly annoyed. Yvonne had hunkered over the bar and was trying hard not to cry. Didn't he understand! Didn't that miserable little flea understand? Being French had no meaning anymore. France had ceased to exist. French armies had been shattered; the French government had collapsed; the French geography had been ripped it two, with its northern half under the jackboot of occupation, and its southern half run by an impotent puppet government. The French people had been ground underfoot. The boys whom she'd gone to school with had been slaughtered on the battlefield, and the girls had been raped in their beds. If any of her friends were still alive, it would only be because of the intervention of God. Her parents had gone to Rotterdam on a business trip in 1940, had been caught in the bombing, and had not been heard from since. Her older brother was a Nazi hostage and had been executed. Her younger brother was barely clinging to life in a concentration camp. For France, the war was over. The French had lost. They had lost! In reprisal, the Nazis had taken everything from them: Their lives, the fortunes, their freedom, their hope. There was nothing left to fight for. There was nothing left to be French for. All she could do now was to try and save her brother and to try to survive herself. To try to do anything more was just delusional. \"Are you all right, Liebling?\" asked von Koln. She nodded miserably. He gently helped her to her feet and led her around Major Strasse's table to an empty table just beyond. Now at least, she had a buffer zone. He brought her a glass of champagne, and she sipped it, trying to lose herself in its cold chill. Yet there was no champagne cold enough, no laughter loud enough, and no music gay enough to conceal the gaping emptiness within her. France was dead. The French as a people were dead. And she too was dead; she just hadn't stopped moving around yet.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 It was with a morbid curiosity that Yvonne watched Viktor Laszlo as he strolled into Rick's that night. She recognized him from his many newspaper photos. Laszlo wasn't a stunningly handsome man, but his carriage was erect, his confident was palpable, and even from this distance, the intelligence and cool intensity of his eyes was evident. With him was perhaps the most beautiful woman Yvonne had ever laid eyes on, but like Laszlo's good looks, the beauty of this woman was quiet, understated and confident. She wore a ruffled blouse of gold with a wine-colored belt. Rick personally greeted them near the door and after a few pleasantries, Rick had Paul seat them at a table near Sam. He whispered something to his piano player, who looked surprised and then reluctantly began to play the old Rudy Vallée hit \"As Time Goes By.\" With that, Rick retreated into the back room. Yvonne sipped her champagne and tried to ignore the Germans as they grew ever more drunk and ever more loud. But they were the Masters of Europe and of North Africa. Why shouldn't they get intoxicated and obnoxious if they wanted? Time passed. Rick appeared again at the door to the back room. As Yvonne watched, a painfully young brunette crept into his arms and planted a kiss his neck. He freed himself from her grip and guided her back the way she had come. Then he strolled back into the main room, followed by a doting Karl. \"More champagne?\" asked von Koln, filling Yvonne's glass for her without waiting for an answer. He grinned wolfishly with a face flushed with alcohol. His perfect hair was getting mussed. Then he frowned. \"Are you still crying?\" She shook her head. \"Your face is a mess,\" von Koln chided. \"May I suggest you retire to the ladies' room and make repairs?\" Obediently, she stood and did what he said. In truth, it was a welcome relief to get a respite from stench of the Reich. But she had to be nice to von Koln. Only he could intercept the order that would otherwise snuff out her brother's life. Yvonne had fixed her face was applying cool water to the back of her neck when the lady in the gold blouse came in. \"Good evening, Yvonne,\" she said in a gentle voice. \"Have we met?\" The lady's smile had a hint of wistfulness in it. \"No. But we of the resistance have our sources of information too.\" She hesitated but then held out a white envelope. \"Viktor Laszlo wants me to give this to you, with his deepest regrets. And you have my regrets as well.\" Yvonne took the envelope and studied the lady's face. \"Read it. It's important.\" Yvonne opened the envelope and extracted the two pages. A glance showed it was a death certificate, written in German. Her blood froze. Her eyes scrambled around the document. The name of the decedent was her brother's. No, no, no! The vital descriptions were his, except the weight was far too little. The cause of death, a skull fracture. The date of death, three and a half months earlier! Yvonne stumbled backwards into a washbasin. Only it kept her from falling.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 Yvonne was back at her table now. Von Koln's beefy hand held hers, which was okay because it left her other hand free to drink with. Although the champagne was of an excellent vintage and was expertly chilled, she'd make sure the next bottle von Koln bought was something much stronger. This evening she would need something much, much stronger. She glared at Captain Heinz and longed to have the pistol back so she could shoot him right in the middle of his fat, sweaty face. He was a creature without conscience, without mercy, without a wisp of humanity with him. He sat at a table surrounded by his fellow scum, dressed in their dreary grey and black. The Nazis had commandeered Sam's piano and began to bellow out some German song about the \"Vaterland.\" Their language was an offense to the ear and to the soul as well, sounding like beer bottles being ground up in a cement mixer. Suddenly, Laszlo passed in front of her as he stormed over to Rick's house band. \"Play La Marseillaise!\" he told them. This command was met with looks of surprise and fear. \"Play it!\" They hesitated for just a few heartbeats, and then the first few uncertain notes rang out. Laszlo sang, \"Allons enfants de la Patrie!\" and much to Yvonne's surprise, by the end of the line, customers were joining in. A tableful of Vichy police were already scrambling to their feet to stand at attention. The strolling guitar player began singing in her warblely voice, and she was Spanish. \"The day of glory has arrived!\" A man here stood, singing. A woman there. Berger, the Norwegian. Karl, the German Jew. All were getting to their feet, sprouting up like mushrooms in a spring rain. \"Against us, tyranny has raised the bloody banner.\" More and more people were joining, all across the café. Singing defiantly, raising up in loyalty to France and to liberty. English, Bulgars, Slavs, even Sasha the crazy Russian. \"Do you hear in the countryside . . .\" Now Yvonne was singing too. \"The howling of those ferocious soldiers?\" She sang for her dead schoolmates, for her dead parents, for her dead brothers. \"They are coming right into your arms . . .\" Major Strasse frantically led his men in their song, trying to use it to drown out the music of this defiance. The look on his face revealed that he knew his efforts were a waste. \"To slit the throats of your sons and women!\" Tears of amazement gathered in Yvonne's eyes. Emotions swept over her, feelings so powerful that she could barely keep singing. But she couldn't stop, not for the world! Then Strasse gave up and sat down. His officers had no choice but to follow him. Laszlo squared his shoulders and practically roared the lines, \"To arms, citizens! Form your battalions!\" By now, everyone was on their feet. One old man in the middle was enthusiastically waiving his fist. \"Marchons, marchons! Qu'un sang impur, abreuve nos sillons!\" A cheer went up. It swept around the room and kept going and going. Yvonne couldn't help but cry out, \"Viva la France!\" She looked right into the eyes of a shaken von Koln. \"Viva la France!\" she shouted at him. He turned away. At the table of Nazis, Captain Heinz sat bewildered, too stupid to understand what had just happened. \"Vive la France! Vive la France!\" And at Major Strasse, who looked as if someone has just shoved a haddock up his rectum, Yvonne shouted once again, \"Vive la France!\" The End ","Summary":" Disclaimer: You will be shocked, shocked to learn I do not hold the copyright to Casablanca. The La"},{"Movie":"Buckaroo Banzai","Title":"Expect the Unexpected","Author":"1980s-popito","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12398045","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Expect the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter One. How often does one fake death? What could compel someone to do it? How does one know if the trick was just a cruel kidnapping of a person, but made the victim actually wish they were dead? These were just some of the questions that ran through Buckaroo's head. When he'd found out that Peggy might not be dead, he was in a total state of shock. He'd seen her dead body- or at least he thought he did. But he wasn't the only one; Mrs. Johnson, Rawhide, Perfect Tommy- they all saw her. The image of her supposed dead body would always be fresh in their minds. Her blonde hair tousled about, her face lifeless and absent of any emotion, her body stiff and cold. He'd only wished that she'd actually end up being still alive. But now that wish was coming true. How could it? Was it actually possible? He wasn't sure if he hoped it was true or not. -/-/- Buckaroo and his band of Cavaliers had all mourned greatly over the death of their beloved Peggy- but when they found out she might still be alive? At first, everyone was in a state of pure shock? Once the thought had set down into their minds, that's when they all put their heads together and began to look and search all over the world for her. They had to search all over, since her original death had been caused by Hanoi Xan. That meant she could've been anywhere. One of those anywhere searches nearly got Buckaroo killed. But, three and a half years after Peggy's death, Rawhide had been leading a project in the deserts of Asia, along with Reno, Pecos and Billy Travers. One night while travelling on horseback, the first three heard their names being called out by someone in the near distance. They all followed the voice, wary of who or what they might find. They eventually tracked down the owner of the voice, three of them looking at them with wide eyes and dropped jaws, the other giving a confused look. Standing in front of them, a mix of fear and relief written all over her face, was Margaret \"Peggy\" Simpson Banzai. She was thinner, paler, and she looked like she'd gone through hell and back- but there was no denying that it was Peggy. At first, the group of four had no idea what to do. Once it clicked that Peggy stood before them, they took her to a nearby hospital, since she looked hurt. She was eventually brought to a hospital in New Jersey in America, just as precaution and to make sure she was fine to go out and about. While in the New Jersey hospital, her parents- John and Rosemarie- were contacted by Rawhide, partly for DNA tests to make sure it in fact was Peggy, and not some trick by Xan. Once all was confirmed that it was the Peggy, all they had to do was pick her up. -/-/- Mrs. Johnson had lost her best friend that day. That day in the fall of 1981 was supposed to be a happy day. But when she found her best friend dead in her wedding dress, all she could think to do was to get everyone. She remembered crying and screaming, and that she was physically and emotionally unable to speak. She felt the way she did when Flyboy died. First her husband, then her best friend. She felt sick for three days after it all. But most of all, she felt bad for her boss and friend. She knew what it was like to lose a spouse at such at such a young age, so she had an idea of how he felt. While their deaths were under different circumstances, the hurt and grief over the loss of a spouse was the same. That's why she knew he needed to go with the rest to get Peggy from the hospital. -/-/- Buckaroo Banzai sat behind the desk in his office. His right elbow leaned on his desk, and he cradled his forehead in his right hand. In his left hand and spread all over the desk, were photos and journals. Each picture had Peggy in it, and the journals were the ones he \"wrote to her in\" to help deal with the grief of her death over the years. \"I don't understand,\" he mumbled, looking over the newspaper and magazines on the table next to him. On each magazine and newspaper was an article or cover about the situation. There were pictures and short interviews, both old ones and new ones. It was on the news. People all over were following what was going on through the media. Sure, people did that anyway for the group of scientists and their band- but it was different this time. This was a personal matter. Buckaroo looked up when a knock came from the other side of the wooden doors. One of the double doors creaked open and Mrs. Johnson's head poked through. He granted her access to the room, in which she walked in, closing the door behind her, then sitting in front of the desk to face him. \"We're, uh,\" Mrs. Johnson began, \"We're gonna go down to the hospital to get Peggy. Me, Rawhide and Pecos.\" Buckaroo nodded in understanding. \"Alright,\" he said in a near whisper. \"The three of us think you need to come, too.\" \"I don't know if I'll be able to handle it…\" \"You're not alone on that, you know.\" \"It's different for the rest of you,\" Buckaroo claimed, running his hands over his face, \"You all loved Peggy a different way than I did. Than I do.\" \"It's not different than how I felt and still feel about my husband,\" Mrs. Johnson argued. He looked up at the younger woman, not expecting her to say what she said. \"Mrs. Johnson…\" \"Can't you see how lucky you are? Hundreds, thousands of people lose a spouse every day. Not everyone gets a chance to be with that person again- but you are. Please, just appreciate the opportunity you've been given to be with Peggy again.\" Buckaroo thought over what she said for a moment. \"You're right,\" he nodded, \"You're right.\" \"You thought otherwise?\" Mrs. Johnson laughed, \"Now come on. Let's all get going.\" -/-/- Buckaroo, Mrs. Johnson, Rawhide, and Pecos all walked out of the elevator and onto the floor they were told to go to. Photographers and newscasters tried to follow them up, but hospital security held them back and made them leave unless they were sick or hurt. One security officer followed the four up, both for precaution and safety. He remained by the elevator while the group all walked to the nearest desk. \"Excuse me?\" Rawhide tried to the woman behind the desk. The woman looked up at him. \"Yes, can I help you?\" she asked. \"My name is Rawhide. I'm from the Banzai Institute. I spoke with someone on the phone about Margaret Simpson Banzai.\" \"Ah, yes. Who's Mrs. Banzai being released to?\" \"Me,\" Buckaroo answered a bit uneasily, \"I'm her husband.\" The woman nodded. \"Ok… and what's your full name?\" Before anyone could answer, a gentle, feminine voice called out, \"Buckaroo?\" Buckaroo- along with the three others- turned to the familiar voice about fifty feet to the right. When they all looked, there stood Peggy, clad in clean clothes, obviously from the hospital. The two stood at opposite ends of the corridor, staring at each other with happy disbelief. The two began to go as fast as they were allowed toward one another, only stopping when they caught and held the other in their arms. Peggy jumped into his arms, wrapping her legs around his waist. Buckaroo hugged her tight against his torso, his arms secure around her. She buried her head in the crook of his neck and his shoulder, and he buried his face in her hair. He spun around for a moment, both from the impact and from joy. She finally set her legs down on the floor, but kept her arms around his neck, and he kept his arms around her torso. She looked up at him with tear stained cheeks, and he looked down at her with teary eyes. He ran a hand gently through her hair. \"You're really alive,\" Buckaroo stated softly, \"You're here, you're alive.\" Peggy nodded and blinked back tears. \"I'm really alive,\" she confirmed, \"I'm here, I'm alive.\" \"I'm so sorry I didn't keep you safe that day…\" \"I don't care. I'm here with you, and that's the safest place I'll ever be.\" \"You have no idea how much I've wanted to see you just one more time.\" \"Trust me, I do. And I have no intentions of leaving you again,\" Peggy smiled up at him. Buckaroo looked down at her fondly. \"Good, cause I have no intentions of letting you go, my Queen of the Netherlands.\" This story may or may not be continued…[Chapter 2] Expect the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter Two. \"No, not like that!\" Perfect Tommy scolded, \"The other way!\" Lady Gillette rolled her eyes. \"Tommy, it's supposed to go this way,\" she groaned. \"No. It's not supposed to be crooked!\" \"Well, whose fault is that?!\" Big Norse and Pinky Carruthers entered the room slowly, cautious of what they might find, based off what they could hear from outside the room. \"What the hell are you two talking about?\" Big Norse asked awkwardly as they entered. Perfect Tommy and Lady Gillette looked at the two with confused looks on their faces. \"Decorating for when Peggy's back,\" Perfect Tommy answered nonchalantly, \"What'd you two think we were talking?\" \" I don't even wanna know what we were thinking,\" Pinky brushed off, \"Rainy Day and Khonsu-Ra are at the gate to let us know when they're all back.\" Rainy Day and Khonsu-Ra were two of the most recent interns at the Banzai Institute. Most interns at the Institute didn't work even a little bit with the main people in charge of the Institute, no less the close circle of people around the Institute's founder. While this was the case for, probably about every thirty-nine of forty- or even forty-nine of fifty- new interns, this was not the case for Rainy Day and Khonsu-Ra. Rainy Day, real name: Andrea Noemi Fusco; she was an unintentional intern. She'd been found by Buckaroo, Mrs. Johnson, Reno, Lady Gillette and Perfect Tommy in a town not far from where the institute was located. When they had found her, she was hurt and out cold, and obviously had some kind of head trauma. Without hesitation, the group brought her back to the Institute for treatment and recuperation. While she was there, she decided to help around the institute, claiming that she did not want to be \"useless\" while she was there. Those around her saw potential in her in that short amount of time, which led to her being offered an internship and the chance to work her way up to resident. Since she'd been found by the main circle of people at the Institute, she had quickly befriended them, and vice versa, and ended up working with them and being friends with them. Khonsu-Ra, real name: Khonsu-Ra Fakhry; he didn't have quite the same discovery as she did. While the Hong Kong Cavaliers were on a trip to England for a conference, a couple of Perfect Tommy's old \"friends\" from Africa had sent a group of three to go after him- and Khonsu-Ra had been one of those three. The young Egyptian man had been forced to accompany the other two, and saw this as an opportunity to get away from the group that was now involved with the World Crime League. While his two formers were truly after the Hong Kong Cavaliers, he was not. He had surrendered himself to the group, showing that he was not their enemy. Perfect Tommy vouched for him being a good kid, saying that he always remembered him being a good kid, only trying to survive. He went back to America with the group, became a United States citizen, and became an intern at the Institute working his way up to resident. Rainy Day hadn't gone to college, while Khonsu-Ra had graduated with a masters at the age of fourteen. She played almost every instrument under the sun, and he was learning how to play bass from her. She spoke about ten languages fluently, and he spoke about nine. They were both ashamed of their past lives and both wanted a fresh start and a second chance. They got that at the Banzai Institute. \"You two need any more help?\" Pinky asked the two bickering blondes. \"Yeah,\" Perfect Tommy blurted out, \"Put those banners up straight, would ya?\" Lady Gillette rolled her eyes. \"Why're you being such a pain in the keister?\" she asked with an annoyed tone. \"More than usual, anyway,\" Reno Nevada mumbled as he entered the room, \"What's their problem?\" \"Not exactly sure,\" Big Norse answered honestly, \"All I know is that Pinky and I heard them yelling about something, and we came to see what it is.\" Pinky nodded. \"They seem to be going on about some banner.\" Reno nodded and took a deep breath. \"I just know that I heard dumb and dumber here yelling from the garden.\" \"It's a miracle they haven't ripped each other's heads off.\" \"Am I allowed to?\" Lady Gillette called to the three, her voice hopeful and angry, \"Cause you all know I can, no problem!\" \"I'm getting Rainy Day and Red River Daddy,\" Pinky informed exasperatedly, \"I'll take her post at the gate with Khonsu-Ra. Just make sure they don't kill each other, ok?\" \"Can't promise that, friend,\" Reno answered as the two continued to argue and as their friend clad in his usual pink getup walked out of the room. -/-/- Peggy stared out the windows of the car in the same manner a curious child would. No one could blame he, though, considering the circumstances. It was obvious that she was eager to get home, and they were all happy to have her back home. This went through the mind of all five people that sat in the car, and none of them could be happier at the moment. \"I've never been so happy to take a long drive through New Jersey,\" Peggy smiled, \"But I am eager to get home, as well.\" \"There are a lot of new interns,\" Mrs. Johnson informed. Peggy smiled eagerly. \"Really?\" \"The Institute's gotten much larger,\" Buckaroo told her, \"I think we've already got thirty-five new interns in the last year.\" She gave an impressed look. \"That's so great!\" All while Peggy was gone, she wondered about her home. Thoughts like the ones she had of her home were what kept her going when she didn't want to, and couldn't find any other reason to. She would think about her friends, her family, her husband, her parents, her home - all the things she loved. When things looked bleak for her- which was a lot- she'd just think about all the things she loved and cared about, and she'd be able to smile, despite her situation. Like said, it was what made her last all those years- that, and the hope that one day she might be able to see those things again. And now she was. \"Just a heads up,\" Pecos began, \"We got something planned for the two of you at some point this week.\" Peggy gave the excited look of a child, just like she always had. \"Ooh, when?\" she asked eagerly, causing her husband to laugh a bit. \"If both of you are up for it and as long as everything goes planned, tomorrow,\" Rawhide answered. Peggy looked to her husband. \"Can we?\" Buckaroo gave her a loving smile. \"Of course we can,\" he answered, \"What is it, anyway?\" \"That's for us to know and you two to find out,\" Mrs. Johnson smirked. Peggy looked around at those that sat in the car with her. I'm so happy to be back, she thought with a smile. -/-/- Rainy Day and Red River Daddy entered the large room- at least one of the large rooms- that the Institute used for recreation. As they walked down the corridor, they could hear two familiar voices arguing with each other back and forth. The two tried to figure out why and what the two were actually arguing about from one of the Institute rec rooms, but came up dry. So with that, they just decided to try and calm the two down like Pinky had told them they'd be doing. \"Ok,\" Red River Daddy called out as he entered the room, \"Why did Pinky come take me from a self-defense class I was doing with some interns?\" \"And why was I taken from my shift at the front gate?\" Rainy Day asked, the same confusion the former had in her own tone. Big Norse pointed to the reason. \"Them,\" she clarified. Rainy Day and Red River Daddy looked over to where Perfect Tommy and Lady Gillette were. The two blonde's still argued back and forth with each other, completely oblivious to those around them in the room now- including the two that both had a budding romantic relationship with. They were both either yelling or speaking in a loud tone of voice- not quite yelling, but just nearly there- over whatever they were actually still disputing over. \"You don't need to be so picky about the banner, you know,\" Lady Gillette tried angrily, \"It's just a stupid banner!\" \"It is not just a banner!\" Perfect Tommy argued. \"Then what is it?\" \"It's a sign to show all those in attendance the major importance of whatever event is happening.\" \"Why do we even need a banner, anyway? I always hated those things.\" \"Maybe cause you have no taste.\" Lady Gillette- along with everyone else in the room- gave a shocked look at his statement. \"Excuse me?\" she asked, obviously offended by what he had said. \"You heard me,\" Perfect Tommy challenged in a growl. She dropped all that was in her hands and held them up in the hair in surrender. \"Fine- do it yourself, then!\" She then turned and began to storm out the room, stopping midway and looking at him again. \"And you go straight to hell, you bottle blond!\" She then turned around once more, and stormed past those who had been watching. Reno Nevada, Big Norse, Read River Daddy and Rainy Day all watched as Lady Gillette stormed out of the room. Once she was gone, the group of four then looked over to Perfect Tommy. All was quiet at the moment in the room, and the four others who'd been watching the argument all tried to figure out what to do. This was part of the reason that the two new bystanders had been summoned, but at the moment, they were all pretty much in a state of shock. \"So,\" Reno breathed out heavily, \"Who's gonna take who, huh?\" \"I'll go after Lady Gillette,\" Red River Daddy volunteered then rushed out the room after her. \"I'll go with you!\" Big Norse chimed in and followed him out. \"Good thing I was gonna take Tommy anyway,\" Rainy Day chuckled, \"Wanna help me out, Reno?\" Reno shrugged. \"Sure,\" he agreed, \"I won't make you deal with the hothead alone.\" As Red River Daddy and Big Norse went after an angry Lady Gillette, and Rainy Day and Reno Nevada went toward a pacing Perfect Tommy- the car in which Buckaroo, Peggy, Rawhide, Mrs. Johnson, and Pecos pulled through the gates and onto the grounds of the Banzai Institute. This may or may not be continued…[Chapter 3] Expect the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter Three. The group of five got out from their car and walked out onto the grounds of the Banzai Institute. As soon as Peggy touched the ground, something felt different about the Institute- a good different. It was as if her just being there again after so long made the whole place brighter. Of Crouse, she didn't and couldn't tell this difference herself, but those with her and throughout the grounds all felt something different. \"Oh my God,\" Peggy breathed out happily as she looked out in front of her. Buckaroo walked up beside her, a concerned look on his face as he looked down at her. \"Are you alright?\" he asked a bit nervously, not really bothering to hide his concern. She looked up at him, smiling brightly; he noticed her teary eyes. \"I'm wonderful. I'm so happy to be home with you, my family, and everyone I love.\" She turned to face the three with them. \"I'm so happy I have my family back.\" Rawhide, Pecos and Mrs. Johnson all gave smiles at their friend- their sister. It was absolutely wonderful for the three to have her back, even though it was a bit overwhelming at first. They could all remember the blonde's funeral clearly, so when they found out it was really her, they didn't really know what to do and were completely overwhelmed. What does one do when they find out someone they love who they thought was killed isn't really dead? You must admit, it's not the most common scenario to deal with. Although. This was the Banzai Institute for crying out loud. They all had pretty much learned to expect the unexpected- but even this was too unexpected for them. \"Look at this place,\" Peggy said amazedly, \"It's grown since I was last here!\" Buckaroo gave a small smile at her reaction. He was ecstatic that she was back and that she was still as happy as she always had been- but it also made him curious. She'd been gone for years now, and from what he'd been told, she'd been in bad physical shape when she was found. There was no doubt in his mind that she had endured at least one traumatizing experience while she was gone- he didn't like to admit that, but he knew it. What concerned was how she was still who she was before she was taken away from them, even after all that he could presumed had happened. Granted, he was happy that she was so happy to be home and she was the same way she'd always been. It made him happy to see her again, period. But she was talking and acting like she'd been going for a two week trip. Being a neuroscientist, he couldn't help but wonder why. When people had been kidnapped and held for years, wasn't it always the case that they were different than how they'd once been? Is she pretending for us? He thought, Is she trying to act like everything is alright? \"Ok,\" Mrs. Johnson began, gaining everyone's attention, \"The little thing we have planned for you two, isn't quite ready. It'll be ready tomorrow though. Is that alright?\" \"It's fine,\" Peggy agreed, \"I kinda just wanted some time alone with Buckaroo today, anyway. Is that alright?\" She looked up at her husband hopefully. \"Great,\" Buckaroo smiled at her, then looked up to their friends and colleagues, \"If something happens that needs me, make sure to use the Go-Phones.\" With nods of approval, Buckaroo and Peggy walked off from the group and to another part of the Institute, making sure to keep each other as close as they could to each other. \"Ok,\" Rawhide breathed out, \"Who here volunteers to go to the rec room and see what's up?\" \"Team effort,\" Pecos suggested with a shrug. -/-/- \"Lady Gillette,\" Big Norse tried calling out to her friend. Lady Gillette kept walking and rudely waved off the summon with her right hand. \"Lady Gillette, stop ,\" Red River Daddy demanded in a stern voice that one almost would use with a disobedient child. There had been a budding relationship between Lady Gillette and Red River Daddy. They had been seeing each other exclusively for two months, but they were not officially a couple just yet. They were good for each other, and for a number of reasons. She had some temper issues, and he had always been able to deal with them and calm her down a bit. They were both extremely strong and tough, so they could relate to one another. They both had strong and outgoing personalities, the kind where it's like, \"what you see is what you get\", and they could appreciate that in one another. They just worked well together. That was why she stopped when he called to her. Red River Daddy and Big Norse then ran up to Lady Gillette, who looked about ready to pop. Her hands were clenched, making them look like cannon balls due to her black gloves. Her naturally blonde hair- though cut extremely short on one side, long on the other- covered a third of her face. Her red coat hung limply from her figure, the edges and her hood no longer flowing from the wind she created as she stormed off. Her movements were sharp as she turned to face the two. \"Why should I stop?\" Lady Gillette demanded angrily. \"Cause you'll hurt someone if you don't,\" Red River Daddy, \"We don't want an intern to suffer for your anger. Now what happened?\" \"He's being ridiculous,\" Lady Gillette answered roughly. \"Who is?\" \"Tommy!\" Red River Daddy looked over to the other woman next to him. \"Help me out here?\" Big Norse threw her hands up. \"All I know is that she and Tommy were decorating the rec room for the ceremony, and they were arguing about some banner,\" she recalled. Lady Gillette shook her head. \"No, he kept complaining about how I couldn't get the damn thing straight.\" Red River Daddy gave a questioning look. \"Is this for that party-slash-ceremony thing for Buckaroo and Peggy?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Why is there a banner, anyway?\" \"It's not about the banner, Red!\" Lady Gillette burst, \"It's about how childish he's being about it!\" \"No offense,\" Big Norse tread lightly, \"But you're both being childish, I think.\" Maybe it was just them, but Big Nose and Red River Daddy couldn't quite see why Lady Gillette was so mad. Sure, it was known throughout the whole Institute that she and Perfect Tommy had a relationship similar to two bickering siblings, that was no secret- but to be fair, sometimes, their arguments went a little overboard. In all honesty, though, it was all expected, considering they both had extremely strong personalities and stubborn attitudes- but even with those things, they were both essential parts of the Institute and the people that kept it standing. Lady Gillette thought over what was said by her blonde friend. Maybe she's right, she thought. She didn't like feeling wrong about something- especially when it involved the possibility of her having to apologize to Perfect Tommy. To be fair, she didn't like apologizing to anyone, but knew she had to- but she really didn't like having to apologize to him! \"Maybe we did,\" Lady Gillette admitted stubbornly, like a child who didn't like admitting they were wrong. -/-/- \"Will you calm down?\" Rainy Day asked for about the third time. \"No,\" Perfect Tommy answered stubbornly and like a five year old. Perfect Tommy paced back and forth in the room angrily. Or was it anxiously? Either way, he didn't care, and it made Rainy Day and Reno Nevada dizzy. The two had been trying to get their pacing friend to just stop and take a breather, and to see what he was so up in arms about. They would be able to do just that, if the boy was just stop pacing for one damn minute! \"What did Lady G do that's got you so fired up?\" Reno asked. Perfect Tommy finally stopped pacing, but his movements were as sharp as a knife. \"She won't listen to how we need the banner placed,\" he claimed, annoying in his voice. Reno and Rainy Day shared a look. \"That's it?\" Rainy Day asked, her confusion obvious in her tone. \"It's a banner,\" Reno stated, \"I never even understood the point of banners.\" Perfect Tommy shook his head and ran his hands over his face. They don't get it, he thought, I thought Reno would've at least understood. It wasn't about the banner- to Perfect Tommy, banners were stupid. It was about a completely different thing and something much more important. How did they all think that it was still all about that banner?! It was something much more important, and for a day that many there had been waiting for and hoping would actually happen. \"It's not about the damn banner!\" Perfect Tommy informed, rather loudly at that- loud enough to send an echo through the room. Reno and Rainy Day flinched at his volume and their eyes widened a bit. A mix of concern and question formed their faces- from the female of the trio, it was more concern on her face for that man she'd been falling for, and vice versa. The two exchanged strange looks, mostly from the corners of their eyes, then looked back at the blond. When the blond young man caught the more concerned facial expression on the young woman he'd been falling for just as hard as she was for him, he sent her a quiet, apologetic look. Despite the budding relationship between Perfect Tommy and Rainy Day, she didn't know him as well as Reno did, not yet at least. For this reason, it was Reno who approached the younger man first. \"Calm down,\" he said simply, \"You're treating us like enemies here. We're not. We're your friends. Now if it's not about the banner, then what's it about?\" Perfect Tommy let out a heavy sigh. \"I've been friends with Buckaroo for a long while now. So have you,\" he began, \"And you remember how he was when we thought Peggy was dead. I hated seeing such a good friend of mine hurt that much, you know?\" Reno Nevada finally understood, and he nodded to confirm so. \"Yeah, I know,\" he confirmed. \"Yeah. So I knew that something should be done for them when they got back. That's why I'm making a big think a' this.\" \"I understand. Really, I do. Hell, I remember how bad we were hurting when we thought she passed. I remember you telling me about that day you, Rawhide, Mrs. Johnson, Pinky and Professor Hikita found him in his office. But either way, you shouldn't have snapped at Lady Gillette like you did.\" Perfect Tommy barked out a humorless laugh. \"Yeah. Pretty childish, huh?\" \"Just apologize to her,\" Rainy Day shrugged, \"If you tell her what you told us, she'll understand.\" Perfect Tommy hated apologizing to people. It wasn't very often he had to- he was perfect, after all! But he was pretty sure that Reno and Rainy Day were right about this. All he could do was nod at them, agreeing that they were right; it probably would actually kill him to verbally admit they were right. This story may or may not be continued…[Chapter 4] Expect the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter Four. Rawhide and Pecos entered the rec room a few minutes after Perfect Tommy and Lady Gillette had- a bit hesitantly- reconciled; Mrs. Johnson had gone off to check on how food for the event was coming along. When Pecos and Rawhide entered the rec room, they were in awe of the appearance. There were bright spring colored as well as white streamers and fabrics all over the place. Flowers from the Institute gardens were everywhere. Older and more recent photos were pinned to the walls. An arbor of red roses and vines covered a table set for two, displayed to all those that would be seated in the room at the many other tables. A centerpiece sat on each table; a beaker being used as a vase that held three different colored flowers, each centerpiece having different colors than the next. \"Wow,\" Rawhide said flatly; his voice was always like that, despite whatever emotion he was feeling. Very rarely did he voice seem animated. \"This is incredible!\" Pecos smiled excitedly, \"But where's the ceremony gonna be?\" \"We had a few interns who're studying botany spruce up the garden,\" Red River Daddy, \"And we made an arbor just like that one over there for it.\" \"Who's actually performing the ceremony?\" \"Professor Hikita,\" Perfect Tommy answered, \"Apparently, he's got a license to perform a wedding ceremony. Who knew?\" Pecos gave a confused look as she looked around the room, then at Red River Daddy. \"Where's the banner that you and Khonsu-Ra made?\" \"Don't ask!\" Reno Nevada, Lady Gillette, Perfect Tommy, Big Norse, Red River Daddy and Rainy Day all said loudly at the same time. -/-/- \"Professor Hikita!\" Peggy called happily to the elder man. Professor Tohichi Hikita smiled and approached the woman that he'd always seen as a daughter. \"Peggy,\" he said just as happily as they hugged one another. Professor Hikita and Peggy always had a great relationship. He had never married and had no children, so along with Buckaroo, she was the child he never had. He had liked her ever since he had first met her, and vice versa. They always got along well, and cared for each other like family. It was he who'd funded the Margaret 'Peggy' Simpson Banzai Memorial Garden when she'd- when they thought she had passed away. Aside from Buckaroo and her parents, it was he who missed her most. The two collided into a hug, happy to see on another again after so many years. \"It's been so long!\" Peggy said, \"How have you been?\" The older man shrugged as they pulled apart. \"As good as I can be,\" Professor Hikita laughed, \"I am getting old, Peggy. It is not a fun process.\" \"Professor, you're not old.\" \"Whatever you wish to tell yourself. May I speak alone with Buckaroo for a moment?\" Peggy nodded and walked a distance from the two men, out of earshot, but still able to see them. Buckaroo didn't know what the Professor wanted to speak to him about, based off of his knowledge on all the present going-on's around the Institute; it was a known fact that he knew all that was going on around his institute. It was his baby, his responsibility- it just made sense. But the possibility of not knowing something that might be wrong at his institute- well that just made him a bit nervous. \"Is there a problem, Hikita-san?\" Buckaroo asked his older, a bit concerned. Professor Hikita quickly shook his head. \"No, no. I am just wondering how Peggy is,\" he answered. Buckaroo took a quick glance at his blonde bride as she admired photos and awards on the wall and gave a small smile. \"She seems to be fine. Like her usual self.\" Despite his small smile, his tone said otherwise. Professor Hikita could sense his tone of voice. \"You do not sound as happy as you should.\" The younger man was silent for a moment. \"I'm concerned for her mental state. While I'm happy she's been coping with her return, I fear she's holding back.\" \"She may be trying to move on from anything that happened.\" Buckaroo again looked over at Peggy, who felt his stare and met his gaze, smiling at him. He couldn't help but smile back at her. \"I hope that's it.\" -/-/- Doctor Sidney Zwibel, or more commonly known around the Institute as \"New Jersey\", practically ran across the grounds. He was wearing his usual cowboy getup, complete with his wooly chaps and large cowboy hat. He held onto his hat a few times as he ran, making sure it wouldn't blow away both from the already existent wind pattern mixed with the force of the wind he created as he ran. In the hand not holding the edge of his hat, he held some papers that he had stapled together to keep them in order and together. He was running so fast that he nearly knocked down Pinky Carruthers. \"Whoa, whoa, Doc!\" Pinky called out as he regained his balance, \"How you doin', Doc? Where's the fire?\" \"Did they come back with Peggy yet?\" New Jersey asked in a rushed tone. \"Yeah,\" Khonsu-Ra answered, \"About ten or fifteen minutes ago.\" Pinky nodded. \"Why? What's the problem, Jersey?\" \"Penny.\" Realization and understanding hit Pinky Carruthers like a truck. Penny Priddy was the long lost twin sister of Peggy Banzai. The two had been separated at a very young ago after a fire in their home. As they got older, they did not remember one another, but each felt that there was a part of them that was missing. For the longest time, neither knew what that missing feeling was- but Penny had found out that it was her long lost twin sister that had been the missing feeling once she had arrived at the Institute just a little while before the Lectroids from Planet Ten attack. When Penny Priddy had arrived at the Institute- after being released from jail in Buckaroo's custody- she'd found out about her twin sister. As time continued on, she would ask him about Peggy, so she could feel like she really did have a sister. It was the best she had for the past couple of years- at least, until now. \"Yes. Penny,\" New Jersey confirmed, \"Do you know where she is?\" \"No,\" Pinky shook his head. Khonsu-Ra thought for a moment. \"If she has her Go-Phone with her,\" he began, \"Can't one of you just track her location with your own?\" The two other men thought this over and nodded. \"This is why I like having you around,\" Pinky said honestly, \"At least one of the reasons. You're also pretty good company here at the gate.\" Pinky had taken Khonsu-Ra under his wing; that was part of the reason that the younger man worked so close with the main circle of those at the Institute. It was the two of them who ran the gate watch schedule- well, more like Pinky was in charge, and Khonsu-Ra was his assistant and even his \"apprentice\"- and it was they who spent the most time on security. While Pinky had not been at the Institute as long as people like Rawhide and Reno Nevada, he still knew the ropes at this point, and would show them to Khonsu-Ra. Khonsu-Ra nodded. \"Thank you,\" he said quietly and humbly. \"So Penny knows about Peggy, at least,\" New Jersey pointed out, \"But vice-versa, that's not the case.\" \"It'll be a shock to the system for both of them either way,\" Pinky confirmed, \"Khonsu-Ra, you go and find someone to take our positions here at the gate. When you do, just look for Penny. Try to use a Go-Phone tracker.\" The younger man nodded at his instructions and ran off. \"What're we doing?\" New Jersey asked. Pinky shrugged. \"Either to stall Buckaroo and Peggy, or to find Penny. Whichever comes first.\" -/-/- Penny Priddy sat hunched over a book and table in the Banzai Institute library. She glanced over to the notebook on her right, wrote something from the textbook down on her page, and looked back to the textbook. All of a sudden, her gaze moved to stare at the air, and her whole body froze and became tense. She didn't know what had come over her, but she felt different. She didn't know this feeling, and had no idea what it fully was- but for some reason, she felt complete. She couldn't explain it, couldn't even fully comprehend it, but that would've been the only way she could've possibly described it. All she knew was that something felt complete in her. Penny set her pencil down in the crevice of her book, using it as a bookmark as she closed the textbook. She shut her composition book, placing her textbook on top of it as weight to keep it closed. She got up from her seat and walked over to the nearest window. She hugged herself and slowly tucked a few strands of her bob-length blonde hair behind her ear. She looked through the window and out over the property of the institute. \"Why do I feel like this?\" she asked herself as she tugged on the edges of her sleeves. -/-/- Buckaroo and Peggy walked past the Institute library, keeping each other as close as possible. They talked with each other like newly married lovers on their honeymoon, gushing over anything and everything that came up in their conversation. As they walked, she stopped suddenly and looked around at her surroundings. She had already been feeling different- a good different- ever since she'd been reunited with her husband and friends, but this was different. She had felt as if a piece of her had been filled after walking onto the Institute grounds, and knew that it was for the fact that she was now home with her family- but now she felt whole. She couldn't quite understand it, but she had to admit that she kind of liked it. \"Is something wrong?\" Buckaroo asked her when she stopped walking suddenly. Peggy looked up at him. \"Yeah, I'm fine,\" she confirmed, \"I just got this weird feeling.\" \"Good weird or bad weird?\" She thought for a moment. \"A good weird. It's probably just my excitement to be back here.\" This story may or may not be continued…[Chapter 5] Expect the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter Five. \"Where does the tracker on her Go-Phone say she is?\" Pinky asked as they walked. New Jersey studied his own Go-Phone. \"Looks like she's in the library,\" he examined, \"Or at least her Go-Phone is.\" \"I'd rather you not put it like that.\" The city cowboy gave an apologetic look. \"Sorry.\" Pinky nodded. \"I meant to ask you- what were those papers you were carrying?\" \"Oh! They're medical papers for both Peggy and Penny. Their health history, family history, current health status, DNA test, et cetera, et cetera.\" New Jersey thought it would be best to have the medical papers for both sisters together. It was a wise decisions, considering the situation- but this task was easier to be said than to be done. Taking into consideration their childhood separation and their adult life situations, this task was definitely not an easy one. Thankfully for him, he'd been given total control over this task, and was given help from interns around the Institute who planned on getting involved in the medical field, and even forensics. Another thing that helped was that he was given access to all resources at the Institute, past and present- and even future- that would help him complete the files. Due to his exceptional work in these two medical files, he was partial control over any past, present and future medical files that they came across. \"It's just like the kind all the interns and residents here have,\" New Jersey shrugged, \"I figured they'd both be here another long while, so why not?\" \"And you're keeping their files together cause they're sisters?\" Pinky asked. \"That. And cause I've never been too good at telling identical twins apart. So if I'm with one and can't tell which one it is, I have both files.\" Pinky barked out a laugh. \"Really?\" His voice showed his obvious amusement. New Jersey rubbed his neck embarrassedly. \"Yeah, really.\" -/-/- Penny gathered up her notebooks and placed all her pens and pencils in their case. She took her things into her arms, her Go-Phone in her pocket, and headed toward the exit of the library. As she signed out, her Go-Phone started to notify her. She quickly finished signing out then went outside to see why it was going off. She set her books down on the steps and took out the Go-Phone, picking up a call that was coming up. \"Hello?\" Penny asked in greeting. \"Penny?\" she heard in a familiar voice, \"It's Pinky Carruthers.\" \"Hi, Pinky. What's up?\" \" Are you at the Institute library?\" She looked behind her at the entrance. \"Yeah. How'd you know that?\" There was silence for a moment. \"New Jersey and I may have tracked your Go-Phone's location…\" \"Why?\" Penny asked curiously. \" Cause we need to talk to you,\" Pinky answered, \" It's important. Can you stay there till Jersey and I get to the library?\" \"Yeah, sure. I can wait for you two here. What's up?\" \"We'll explain when we get to you.\" Before the call was ended, Penny heard a certain doctor say, \"I really hate the word we sometimes.\" -/-/- Five minutes later, Pinky Carruthers and Sidney \"New Jersey\" Zwibel approached the entrance of the Banzai Institute Library. As they walked up to it, they saw one Miss Penny Priddy writing something down in one of her notebooks. She looked up when she could hear their approaching footsteps, shut her notebook, and put away her pens and pencils. She gathered her belongings in her arms and stood up to greet the two men she'd befriended over her time at the Institute. Penny Priddy had become friends with those in the main circle of the Institute since she had arrived there. She was still quiet and shy at times around the group, still feeling out of place at times in their circle, but aside from that, she had become close with the group and vice versa. To her, it felt nice to have friends and even a family again. \"So what'd you two wanna talk to me about?\" penny asked. Pinky Carruthers and New Jersey shared a concerned look. \"Well, you see, Penny,\" New Jersey struggled, \"Someone came back to the Institute today. You should meet her.\" Penny nodded. \"Ok. Where is she, then? Do I know her?\" \"She's with Buckaroo,\" Pinky answered, then glanced at New Jersey for help, then back at Penny, \"And, well, you kinda know her.\" \"Ok. Then should we go?\" She began to walk forward. New Jersey and Pinky rushed to stop her, holding their hands out to block her. \"We need to talk to you about her first,\" Pinky informed. Penny gave the two men a stern look. \"Ok,\" she breathed out, \"What's going on here? Why're you two acting so strange about this mystery girl with Buckaroo? You're acting like I have a thing with him or something.\" Sure, after the whole Lectroids from Planet Ten fiasco- or more like from the Eighth Dimension, since that was their prison and the Black Lectroids were from Planet Ten- Buckaroo Banzai and Penny Priddy had a brief fling, but it only lasted two weeks. They both realized a few things that made them both know they didn't and couldn't stay together. After they both took these things into consideration, they decided and agreed to keep their relationship strictly to three labels that are as followed: friends, colleagues, and former in-laws. \"Look, Penny,\" New Jersey tried to find the words to say, \"It's just that… well, you and this person meeting will be a major shock to the system for both of you.\" \"Ok,\" Penny shrugged, \"Can't you just explain the situation to both of us- whatever it is- so that way, it won't be as much of a shock.\" New Jersey shifted awkwardly. \"It's really not that easy, Peggy.\" His eyes widened right after the name came out of his mouth. He felt his heart begin to pound in his chest. Penny did a double take. \"What? Did you just say Peggy?\" \"What? No,\" Pinky scoffed, \"I heard him say Penny. Didn't you, Doc?\" \"Uh, yeah,\" New Jersey stuttered, \"Yeah, I said Penny. Why on Earth would I say Peggy?\" \"I don't know. Why would you?\" \"I guess we're still not completely used to the fact you look so much like her,\" Pinky tried to chuckle, but felt that he was failing. The blonde gave a skeptical look. \"Alright. So what'd you two wanna talk to me about then?\" -/-/- Khonsu-Ra rushed into the rec room, breathing heavily from running all over the grounds of the Institute. When he entered the room, he attracted the attention of all those in it- that being Lady Gillette, Red River Daddy, Perfect Tommy, Rainy Day, Big Norse, Rawhide, Reno Nevada and Pecos- receiving questioning look from all of them. As he struggled to catch his breath after running so much without taking even a ten second break, the group all rushed over to him, all with some kind of worried expression on each of their faces. \"Hey, relax there,\" Red River Daddy told him gently, \"What's got you so outta breath?\" \"Take a deep breath,\" Big Norse commanded. Khonsu-Ra took a few deep breaths like he was told, finally catching his breath again. \"Alright,\" he breathed, \"I am fine now.\" He felt embarrassed, but tried to ignore it, knowing he was among his friends. \"Good,\" Reno confirmed, \"Now what's you got so out of breath, there?\" Khonsu-Ra took another deep breath. \"Do any of you know where Penny is?\" \"Yeah, she told me she was spending the day in the library,\" Rainy Day nodded, \"Why?\" \"New Jersey approached Pinky Carruthers and I at the gate looking for her. He wanted to make sure she knew about Peggy Banzai's return.\" \"Well, who was supposed to tell Penny about it?\" Rawhide asked, now concerned about the situation at hand. Almost instinctively, everyone looked to the second youngest man present, who at first seemed oblivious to everyone's stares. Once Perfect Tommy felt too many pairs of eyes on him- for once- he looked from one to the next. \"I wasn't supposed to tell her!\" he denied quickly, \"Remember? You guys all said that after that whole fiasco with the system changes and everything, I couldn't be trusted to remember to tell anyone anything that important just yet!\" The group all thought for a moment, then all nodded, remembering that terrible event. \"He's right,\" Lady Gillette confirmed, \"Cause we all agreed that after that system failure and after-\" Perfect Tommy held up his hands for her to stop. \"Don't bring it back up!\" His ears turned red and his cheeks turned an embarrassed shade of pink, causing Rainy Day to giggle. \"If it wasn't him,\" Rawhide began, \"Then who was supposed to tell Penny about Peggy?\" \"Um,\" Pecos stuttered nervously, her face bright red, \"I think I was…\" -/-/- \"Wait, wait, wait,\" Penny tried, \"You're saying that my twin sister- who's supposed to be dead- is alive and here?! How's that even possible?!\" New Jersey and Pinky had finally gained the courage and the words to tell Penny about Peggy being on the grounds of the Institute. The two men were a bit shocked to find out that she had no knowledge at all of the return of her sister, but decided to try their best and to go with it. They explained to her the whole situation, starting all the way back to when she'd been found in Asia. She'd taken the whole thing better than they would've thought, but they couldn't help but wonder how or what could happen when the two girls saw each other after so many years- after not seeing each other practically their whole lives. Penny stopped walking and froze in her spot suddenly. \"Oh my gosh,\" she said in a barely audible whisper when she saw two people walking toward her- one of the two people looking exactly like her. -/-/- \"I don't know,\" Peggy teased, \"I think you look pretty handsome a few years older. But you should cut your hair.\" She ran a hand through his hair, messing it up slightly, laughing as she did so. Buckaroo shook his head a bit, laughing with her. \"Well, better I aged than you , I'd say,\" he suggested. The two continued to laugh as they continued to the living quarters. They'd been walking slowly the whole way across the large piece of land, but picked up their pace once the building was in their sights. But suddenly, her speed had decreased over a period of ten seconds until she came to a complete stop, freezing in her tracks. \"Buckaroo,\" Peggy said quietly, not looking up at him, but only straight ahead of her,\" Why is there another me over there?\" This story may or may not be continued…[Chapter 6] Expect the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter Six. Penny Priddy and Peggy Banzai stood frozen in their tracks, staring at each other with wide eyes. They walked a bit closer to each other, slowly and cautiously. Sidney \"New Jersey\" Zwibel, Pinky Carruthers, and Buckaroo Banzai stood around them- all with expressions of shock and wonder on their faces. The three men watched the two women closely, ready to aid if something happened. None of the three knew or had any idea of what could happen, but they went by one of the many sayings that went around the Institute, one of which applied right now: Expect the unexpected. To make the situation even more tense, the group from the rec room all approached the group of five. They were in a rush of their own, but all came to a sudden halt when they approached the group and saw the situation. They realized that what they had to say no longer applied. Just as they stopped, as if to add insult to injury, Mrs. Johnson also approached, but stopped when she saw the large group, eyes wide and jaw slightly dropped. \"Is this awkward, or is that just me?\" Rainy Day whispered to the person standing closest to her. Khonsu-Ra nodded in agreement. \"It is not just you, Rainy Day,\" he answered in the same whisper. Everyone stood silently, cautiously watching for what might happen next. Everyone's gaze moved back and forth between the two girls- the two very identical girls- and even each other. No one moved. No one spoke. No one knew what to say to try and break the tension or to bring the situation back to control. As if on cue, Billy Travers now approached the group, papers all stuffed into his hands. He was in search of Buckaroo Banzai and Big Norse specifically, in need to discuss something in the computer system. He had been calling to them from a distance to attract their attention, stopping when he got closer to the small crowd. He stood awkwardly for a moment, wondering how he could try to cut in and say what he needed to say and inform to all those present of. \"Um,\" Billy hesitated, \"I don't mean to break up this little… whatever this is… but I got something you might wanna hear.\" Buckaroo looked over to Billy. \"What is it?\" he asked. \"Ok, remember how someone tried to break through and get into our computer system?\" \"Of course.\" \"Well, they tried it again.\" This caught the attention of- almost everyone; a couple were still distracted, and with good reason. The only two who had not reacted to the young man's words were Peggy Banzai and Penny Priddy, who still stood trying to comprehend the person they stood opposite from. Neither of the girls spoke, almost as if they were in a trance. Buckaroo continued to take glances at them cautiously as he walked closer to Billy. \"Did they get through?\" Buckaroo asked him urgently. Billy shook his head. \"No,\" he confirmed, \"But they got deeper in that last time, even with the more secure system we figured out.\" \"Do you know who's trying to get in?\" Big Norse asked in a quiet voice, still a bit in shock herself. Again, Billy shook his head. \"Not really. A few interns are trying to find a digital footprint as we speak.\" \"Why do I feel this is the doing of the World Crime League?\" Perfect Tommy asked in a skeptic voice. Buckaroo nodded in agreement. \"I don't doubt that one bit,\" he agreed. \"Can I see those?\" Big Norse asked, pointing to the papers that were in the young man's hands. Billy looked down at his papers, nodded, then handed them to her. \"Yeah, here. There were a few things I couldn't fully get in them, and in the computer room. Maybe you can.\" Everyone's thought for the original situation were partly focused on the new problem. It seemed that both Peggy and penny had recovered a bit from their initial shock. Those in the area now either had one or both situations on their mind. The only thing to do now was to see who would handle what situation- including finishing up the last minute details for the surprise ceremony they'd planned on doing. \"Ok,\" Buckaroo Banzai began with a heavy sigh, \"Mrs. Johnson, would you take Peggy and Penny to the bunkhouse?\" Mrs. Johnson nodded knowingly. \"Of course,\" she agreed. Buckaroo nodded and looked to the two cowboys. \"Rawhide, would you mind going with them? You too, New Jersey?\" \"Sure,\" both Rawhide and New Jersey agreed simply before walking off with the three women. \"Pinky, you and Khonsu-Ra can take your positions back at the front gate. Billy, Big Norse, Tommy, Reno and Pecos- if you would all come with me to the control room. Rainy Day, Lady Gillette and Red River Daddy- you may go back to what you were doing previously, or even help in the bunkhouse.\" With their fearless leader's instructions, everyone in the crowd of the main circle of the Institute all dispersed. -/-/- Rainy Day and Lady Gillette decided that they would go to the bunkhouse and help Mrs. Johnson, Rawhide and New Jersey with the twin sisters; Red River Daddy had gone off to see how everything was going for the ceremony they were planning. Even though Rainy Day and Lady Gillette had not been at the Institute when everything with Peggy Banzai had happened, they had been told all the details about it by people like Mrs. Johnson and Reno Nevada; they'd never been told the situation in whole by Buckaroo Banzai, but they figured out what eventually. This knew this situation was extremely important, and would even change the lives of those around the Institute and even outside of it who'd known Peggy Banzai and loved her. The two women figured they could be of help in one way or another, even if it was just being there to support anyone. Rainy Day and Lady Gillette rushed to the bunkhouse as quickly as they could. On their way, they contacted Mrs. Johnson using their Go-Phones to let her know that they were coming. The young widow agreed to their presence and waited for them. Once they got to the bunkhouse, Mrs. Johnson ushered them into the building and to the room where they'd brought Peggy and Penny; the room was the music room in the bunkhouse. They entered the room quickly and quietly as Rawhide and New Jersey continued to try and explain everything to Peggy Banzai, who'd known nothing about Penny Priddy pervious to the present moment. \"I understand that this makes no sense to you, Peggy,\" Rawhide said gently, \"Hell, it was strange when we all found out. But Penny is definitely your twin sister.\" Peggy seemed extremely confused and seemed to have been that way for a little while. \"Why wouldn't my parents tell me about having a twin sister?\" she asked, \"I think they'd remember having another daughter.\" \"We don't know why your parents never told either of you about each other,\" New Jersey informed, \"But we've done DNA tests and a whole lot of other kinds of tests- they all prove that the two of you are the twin daughters of John and Rosemarie Simpson.\" Penny gave her sister a sympathetic look. \"If it makes you feel any better, I was shocked when I first found out about you,\" she smiled weakly, \"Hell, it still does sometimes. I don't think I've fully wrapped my head around this.\" Peggy let out a slight chuckle. \"I think I can relate. You know, I always wanted a sister.\" \"I did too.\" \"I think we both know why now.\" \"Definitely,\" Penny agreed, then was hesitant as she said, \"Can I ask you something?\" Peggy nodded. \"Of course,\" she allowed. \"Did you ever feel… as though a part of you were missing?\" \"Every day my whole life. For a while, I thought it was cause I was away from here for so long, but it didn't make sense since I felt it my whole life. But a little while after I got back here a little while ago, I didn't feel that way anymore. It felt weird.\" \"When did it happen?\" \"When I was walking with Buckaroo and we walked past the Institute library.\" Penny's eyes lit up. \"That was probably what I felt while I was in the library!\" \"You felt the same thing?\" \"Yeah, I did.\" The two girls continued to talk and giggle with each other, slowly growing more comfortable with the situation and with each other. Those else in the room had made their way to the other side of the room, engaged in their own group conversation. They would take glances at the two women every so often, just to make sure they were doing alright. If they were being honest, they were a bit shocked how well the two were getting along and getting used to the idea of having a long lost sister- not so lost anymore- so quickly. \"This is still a bit overwhelming,\" Peggy admitted with a nervous laugh after a while. \"Don't worry,\" Penny reassured, \"I feel the same way.\" \"How long have you been here at the Institute?\" \"Long enough to know that around here, a person needs to always expect the unexpected.\" -/-/- Buckaroo Banzai paced behind Billy Travers in the Institute computer room. His bright red glasses, really only used for reading, helped him to make out what was on the papers that the young computer whiz had given him to look over. These papers were the same ones he had when he'd found them all, as well as a few new ones from what interns had found. The same papers were in the hands of Pecos, Reno Nevada, Perfect Tommy and Big Norse. They all scanned through the papers with their eyes, trying to figure out how whoever was trying to into their system had gotten farther in than in the previous system. \"Maybe something went wrong in the microcodes in a floppy disc somewhere?\" Reno thought aloud; technology like this was definitely not his forte. Billy shook his head. \"I checked all the codes,\" he informed, \"All the codes and their programming are just fine.\" \"What about a computer virus?\" Pecos suggested, \"You know, like Creeper or Elk Cloner ?\" \"Wasn't Elk Cloner that prank by some kid in Pennsylvania back in '82 a couple years ago?\" Perfect Tommy asked. \" Elk Cloner was originally a prank created by fifteen year old Rich Skrenta,\" Buckaroo began to explain, \"The virus was in the coding of a floppy disc that had a computer game that he made up. Skrenta would give it out to his friends to play. When someone opened up the game for the fiftieth time on their computer, the virus would make its appearance; the virus would come off the disc and insert itself into the memory of the booted up computer. The virus would then remain on the computer and stay in its memory. If another floppy disc, that was not infected, was put into the computer, the virus in the computer's memory would find its way to the uninfected disc- which would then cause it to become infected with the virus by Skrenta. If that disc was taken out of the infected computer and inserted into an uninfected computer, the computer would be infected with the virus. It was spread almost like a real virus. It would continue on like this.\" \"So if some rotten kid could cause that would problem,\" Reno began. \"Imagine the mess Xan could make,\" Pecos finished for him. \"Uh, guys,\" Billy interrupted, \"Speaking of problems- we've got a big one.\" I apologize if any of my information is wrong about the computers. I did a lot of research, and just hope I understood it right. This story may or may not be continued…[Chapter 7] Expect the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter Seven. \"What kind of big problem? \" Big Norse asked the young computer genius nervously. \"Look at the computer screen and find out,\" Billy Travers answered her a bit nervously, moving out of her way so that she and the others could see. All those in the room rushed over to any computer in the room that was turned on. On each screen was a blue background with a pixel beaker on it, little pixel cartoon gas bubbles being released from the top of it's opening. Above the little pixel cartoon was a message, also going along with the pixel format, that went as followed: Hong Kong Cavaliers- I will get what I have come for. You cannot stop me. The rest of the screen was still and covered in that taunting blue background. \"Why're badguys so cocky, anyhow?\" Perfect Tommy asked in an annoyed tone of voice, \"They always do stuff like that.\" Pecos gave him a confused look. \"What do you mean?\" she asked. \"With bad guys! They always think that nobody can get 'em. Don't they read the news? Watch television? Read? They never win! You think they'd learn by now, you know?\" \"Be serious, please?\" Reno Nevada requested in a growl, \"This is a huge problem!\" Buckaroo Banzai placed a relaxing hand on his tense friend's shoulder. \"This is obviously a very serious problem,\" he said in a serious tone, \"It's times like this we have to keep our heads, right?\" He looked slightly at the man who he was standing next to. Reno looked embarrassed as he nodded in agreement, feeling foolish for letting his temper get the best of him. Perfect Tommy gave a victorious smirk to his counterpart. \"Are the Go-Phones working?\" Billy asked. \"Why wouldn't they be?\" Pecos asked with a curious shrug. Big Norse looked up at her from the computer. \"They're partly on the same system,\" she explained, \"A few of the functions on the Go-Phones are through the same system as the computer, since the system is created here at the Institute in the tech department, as well as the Go-Phones. But not many of the systems are the same.\" \"So if someone used a function on their Go-Phone that's on the same system as our computers, then their Go-Phone could crash,\" Billy explained in the same tone, \"That's not a definite, since we don't know what'll happen yet. But if I'm right, if a person doesn't use any of the functions on their Go-Phone, there shouldn't be a problem.\" \"But people's research and observations are in the system,\" Buckaroo reminded them, \"After writing down all the research and experiments and observations in a notebook, everyone's supposed to copy them into the computer system we created for backup storage.\" He was silent for a moment, obviously thinking about something - only he would know what- then his eyes widened in sudden realization. \"That's it!\" Reno gave a confused look. \"What's it?\" \"Whoever just got in must looking for some of our research! They hacked into the system and they're going to try and look for research and its notes that we've done here! That has to be it! Why else would someone try and get into our system?\" \"So what do we do about?\" Perfect Tommy shrugged. Buckaroo gave them the look he gave when there was about to be some kind of fight against evil. It always made them think of a warrior, no matter what the situation was at hand. -/-/- The large group in the bunkhouse had eventually dispersed once things had calmed down; Lady Gillette went back to the rec room to help Red River Daddy, Rainy Day went back to the gate by Pinky Carruthers and Khonsu-Ra, New Jersey went to go and help in one of the many labs, and Rawhide headed toward the main computer room where the rest were. Mrs. Eunice Johnson, Penny Priddy and Peggy Banzai all moved to the kitchen in the bunkhouse- more commonly known as \"Mrs. Johnson's Private Kitchen\"- to talk and to catch up. Mrs. Johnson and Peggy had always been close, that was no secret. Before the day when Peggy had been thought to have been killed the two girls were as close as sisters. When Peggy was gone, Mrs. Johnson hadn't had another friendship as close with someone as she was with her. Sure, she'd grown close with women like Big Norse, Lady Gillette, Pecos and especially Rainy Day- but it wasn't the same way she'd been friends with Peggy. It wasn't until she'd gotten to know Penny that she had another friendship even slightly similar; she figured that it was because the two were sisters. \"Aside from my mother- I mean, our mother,\" Peggy corrected herself, \"Mrs. Johnson was the one who mostly taught me how to cook.\" \"I don't doubt that one bit,\" Penny laughed. \"Not to toot my own horn,\" Mrs. Johnson began, \"But I think most people around here mainly learned how to cook from me.\" Their laughter and conversation was cut short when Mrs. Johnson's Go-Phone began to go off. She reached into the pocket of her hoodie that hung over the back of her chair, pulling the device from her pocket. She accepted the incoming call and held the phone to her ear. Penny and Peggy watched curiously, the same expression on their face, as they wondered who was calling. \"Hello?\" Mrs. Johnson asked in a cheerful voice in greeting. \"Mrs. Johnson?\" a familiar voice asked, \"It's Buckaroo. How's everything in the bunkhouse going?\" \"Everything's settled. Both Peggy and Penny are just fine.\" \"They're both alright?\" \"Yes, Buck. They're both alright. I promise you.\" She heard Buckaroo let out a relieved sigh. \"Ok, good. At least one thing is going right.\" Mrs. Johnson gave a concerned look. \"What do you mean?\" she asked, not hiding her concern. \"The computer system's been hacked into, and we believe whoever's doing it is going after something in our scientific research files.\" \"So what're we gonna do about that?\" \"I'm having Big Norse and Pecos send out an alert to everyone at the Institute about the situation. Billy and Tommy are trying to get back into the computers to try and see what's going on with our hacker. I'm here with Reno and we're on our way to security to see if Pinky knows anything and has seen anything involved.\" \"Can I talk to him?\" Peggy asked her friend, who nodded and handed the blonde her phone. \"Buckaroo? What's going on?\" -/-/- \"Buckaroo? What's going on?\" was heard from the line in Peggy Banzai's voice. Buckaroo Banzai felt guilty when he heard his wife's voice come from the other line. He had gotten so focused on the hack that he had forgotten momentarily that she was even back in his life and at the Institute. He wasn't completely used to the fact that she wasn't really dead and that she was back in his life. Everything was completely thrown off, and the day he'd only dreamed of was now coming true, but turning into a nightmare cause of someone who was in their system. He felt bad for leaving her at a time when she was completely in shock, no less, after just getting back home after being away for so many years. \"Buckaroo?\" Peggy repeated, \"Did you hear me? I said, what's going on?\" \"Peggy,\" Buckaroo breathed out, relishing her voice, \"I'm sorry.\" Buckaroo became as weak as an unlit Bunsen burner. Sure, he had the quality of both sympathy and empathy, and would base his desire to help people on those two things. And of course, he was a strong man and an even stronger leader- he had to be in his position. Those sorts of things were all included in his job description. But even with all of that- his wife was still his kryptonite. She always was, and she always would be. \"Why're you apologizing?\" Peggy asked from her end. \"Way too many reasons than there should be,\" Buckaroo answered, while letting out a heavy sigh. \"Is this about running off before?\" \"How'd you know that?\" Her laugh was heard from the other end. \"I can read you like you can read a formula, Buckaroo Banzai. Always could, always can, and always will. Buckaroo, it's okay. You think I didn't know what I was getting myself back into when I told the hospital to call the Insitute?\" \"But this shouldn't all be happening today ,\" Buckaroo argued. \"Expect the unexpected, right?\" Peggy asked. He gave a smile and thought, At least she's still the same in that capacity. \"You got that right.\" \"So? What can we do?\" \"Who?\" \"Me, Penny and Mrs. Johnson are just sitting here in the bunkhouse. This is our home, too. So I'll repeat myself: what can we do to help get this guy?\" -/-/- Perfect Tommy sat in the seat next to Billy Travers in the computer room; Rawhide hadn't arrived to the room yet. Billy's fingers were moving quickly across his computer keyboard and on the mouse, his eyes darting back and forth from the keyboard to the computer screen. Tommy looked through a number of textbooks and notebooks, trying to find something- anything - that might help them get through. So far, neither of the two young men had found a thing, and neither of them had broken through anything. It was really quite irritating for the both of them. That was until the computer screen changed. \"Hey, hey, hey,\" Billy said quickly and leaned forward in his seat. Perfect Tommy looked up and leaned forward and looked up suddenly at the screen, his eyes going wide at the sight. \"What the hell's it doing?\" he asked. The once blue computer with the \"threatening\" message disappeared and was changing every second. It turned green. It turned yellow. It turned red. It turned black. It turned purple. The words turned into pixels that spread across the screen, mixed into strange shapes and patterns, and back again. The screen glitched and twitched, causing lines to form all over the screen. \"Make it stop that,\" Perfect Tommy requested in a voice laces with neutrality and nervousness. Billy Travers gave a look of annoyance. \"Don't you think I would if I could ?\" he practically yelled, \"I have literally no control over anything right now!\" He clicked the mouse a few times and tried typing, but nothing worked. \"Well… can't you fix this? I mean, you're a computer whiz, right?\" \"If I could, we wouldn't be in this situation. I'm not IT help, Tommy, I'm a hacker, remember?\" \"Then can't you just hack back into the system and try to hack back in and past whoever hacked us originally and gain control back?\" Billy thought this over, eyes wide in realization, then looked slowly back to his friend and colleague. Perfect Tommy gave a strange look and leaned back in his seat, trying to slightly distance himself from his counterpart. \"Quit starin' at me like that,\" he said cautiously, \"It's giving me the heebie-jeebies.\" This story may or may not be continued…[Chapter 8] Expect the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter Eight. \"At least the Go-Phones seem to still be working,\" Reno Nevada observed. Buckaroo Banzai nodded in agreement. \"Yeah, but we don't know how the connected systems between them and the computers work,\" he reminded. As they conversed, Big Norse and Pecos came running up to the two. They took a moment to catch their breath and to regain their composure. Reno pulled Pecos by him, wrapping his arm around her waist and quickly bringing her against his left side; she swooned a bit, but managed to recover quickly. The two waited as their leader and head of communications discussed their findings about the Institute Go-Phones. The two lovers present decided to have their own conversation while they waited, since neither of them were that wonderful with technology. \"How're things going for you?\" Pecos asked, referring to the current problem that the Institute faced. Reno shrugged. \"Go-Phones seem to be working,\" he stated, \"How about with you and Big Norse?\" \"Like you said, the Go-Phones seem to be working all over. Although, a few people trying to get into their research files can't get in.\" \"That's expected.\" Both of the conversation were cut short when Reno's Go-Phone began to go off. The other three present looked at him as he pulled his small mobile communications device out from his pocket and held it against his ear. \"Yeah?\" he asked as a greeting, his voice unusually rough. \"Reno?\" came in Billy Travers' voice, \"It's Billy.\" \"Hey, Billy. You two get anything yet?\" \"Kinda. Tommy came up with this idea that I think could work. Since I know how to hack into a system, he said I should try and hack into the system again, and try to get past the block that are hacker put up and try to gain control again. Did that make sense?\" Buckaroo thought for a moment. \"That could work,\" he agreed, \"Have you tried it yet?\" \"Not yet. I figured out a few codes that might work, but I wanted to get clearance first if I could. It's kind of a risky move.\" \" So was this jerk breaking into our system!\" they heard Perfect Tommy yell from the other line, \"But here we are!\" \"Go ahead, Billy,\"Buckaroo allowed, \"Let us know what happens. Me and Reno are gonna head over to the front gate to see what's up with security.\" -/-/- Rainy Day, Khonsu-Ra, and Pinky Carruthers stood together at the front gate. Since they were still just interns, it was one of their jobs to stay at the gate most of the time. It was not just the three of them at the gate, but even with the other interns and residents and Blue Blaze Irregulars, it was Pinky who was in charge. And he was pretty keen on making Khonsu-Ra second in command- or at least right under him in security, and Rainy Day right under him; the two of them were the best who stayed at the gate with him and with security, which came in handy at the present moment. Aside from the computer hack, no problems had occurred all day with security, this was not unusual, but when things started to go wrong, they all made sure to stay on top of their game. That was part of the reason that there were presently more people that were stationed at all entrances and all interior sides of the wall that surrounded the property, and even some who hid right by the wall outside. Ever since they found out Lectroids could simply jump over the wall with no problem, adjustments were made to make the wall higher, and they all figured that they should have more people all over it. \"Anything?\" Pinky Carruthers asked his colleagues and friends at the gate as he approached them. \"No,\" Khonsu-Ra answered simply. \"Not a thing,\" Rainy Day shrugged, \"Well, except for Buckaroo and Reno are on their way here.\" Khonsu-Ra gave a confused look. \"How do you know this?\" \"Tommy told me so.\" \"How?\" She shrugged. \"He called over the Go-Phone.\" \"How is his working?\" \"I don't know. He's just perfect, I guess.\" Pinky gave her a look. \"You've been spending too much time with that boy.\" She gave an embarrassed smile as her cheeks turned pink, in which her two friends and colleagues gave amused smiles. The two continued to disperse themselves around the gate, all making sure there had been no problems. After asking everyone who was scheduled to be at the gate and wall, they decided that so far, there had been no problems or cause for alert. While it was reassuring that no one had gotten in who wasn't supposed to, it didn't make the Hong Kong Cavaliers feel all that much better, since they were still unsure of the situation. Either way, all they could do at the moment was continue to guard the wall and the gate, and just be on the top of their game. They'd be ready if something happened, or even if someone tried to get in. -/-/- Across the street and a few houses down stood a house that had been purchased just for this day. Inside the house was a group of about ten with an equal amount of guys and girls. Out of the ten, only four had a real reason for what they were doing, at least in their minds. The other six that were with them were more for man power. These six had nothing to do with the objective, but the original four had their own reasons and knowledge for and of what they were doing and why. Of course, that didn't make any of it any better, considering what they were doing was not the most legal thing in the world. The female in charge- who was nicknamed \"Sunshine\"- peered over her cohorts shoulder and at the computer screen. \"So you got through?\" she asked her partner in crime as well as boyfriend in an eager voice. \"You bet,\" Johnny Be-Good confirmed with an evil smirk at his girlfriend. Sunshine moved her hand over his shoulder in a smooth and seductive manner. \"Wonderful…\" \"Wait,\" Yvette interrupted as she looked at the screen, \"What the hell's that?\" The four all looked at the screen a bit closer. The mouse on the screen began to move on its own across the screen. Things moved and words began to appear on the screen, all being cause by someone else that was not them. The four gave confused look at what happened across the screen with each moment. What really confused them was the message that popped up onto the screen that read: We don't know who you are yet, but we will find out, and we will find you. And when we do, be ready for hell. –The Hong Kong Cavaliers \"How'd they get control back?\" Sunshine growled. Johnny Be-Good clicked the mouse multiple times and tried typing. \"I have no idea,\" he answered honestly, all his original confidence gone. Sunshine whacked the back of his head with her hand. \"Well think, you idiot!\" JJ thought for a moment. \"You know,\" he mused, \"It could be Billy Travers. Remember him?\" \"I do,\" Yvette thought sadly, but shook it off quickly and continued, \"Banzai has him do all the computer stuff at the Institute. Kid's a genius hacker.\" Johnny Be-Good smirked a bit. \"Probably hacked into you a few times, huh, Yvette?\" Yvette fumed and smacked the back of his head. \" Shut up !\" \"If someone smacks me one more time!\" Just for the fun of it, JJ smacked the back of his head once more. \"Like that?\" Sunshine rolled her eyes. \"Just get control back!\" she yelled her order, making everyone jump a bit. \"What if we can't?\" Johnny Be-Good asked hesitantly. Sunshine shrugged nonchalantly. \"Then we invade.\" -/-/- \"Did it go through?\" Perfect Tommy asked eagerly. Billy Travers didn't look away from the computer screen. \"It looks that way,\" he answered. Tommy whooped in victory. \"We got control back!\" \"Yeah, seems that way…\" \"You don't seem too happy about that.\" \"Happy about what?\" Rawhide asked as he entered the room. Perfect Tommy turned around and looked at the new arrival. \"Where the hell have you been?\" The elder of the three rolled his eyes. \"Around the world in eighty days. So what's going on in here with you two?\" \"Well, Billy the Kid here was able to get control back-\" \"Somewhat,\" Billy interjected. \"-and for some reason, he's not happy about that.\" Rawhide nodded slowly and thoughtfully, absorbing what he'd been told. He then looked over to the young hacker. \"What's your side?\" Billy looked up at the man, then back at the screen. \"Well, I was able to hack back into the system to try and see what our hacker was up to, sent them a message about five minutes ago, and they've been quiet ever since. Not a thing has happened. No messages. No retaliations. Nothing .\" \"I see the problem.\" \"Me too,\" Perfect Tommy chimed in awkwardly, \"Should I call the boss and Reno?\" \"Yeah,\" Rawhide sighed, rubbing his eyes stressfully, \"I'll let Pinky know. Billy, just keep watch at them computers like you've been, let anyone know if there's any changes. If not, just remind us of that every five minutes.\" At that, they each tended to their own and worked on their own individual assigned tasks. -/-/- Sunshine, Johnny Be-Good, JJ and their muscle all armed themselves. They readied their gear and their weapons, trying to properly arm and protect themselves to break through the front gate of the Banzai Institute. Only one of the ten was hesitant, but had a gun pointed at her head after she questioned why there were really doing all of this and what for; it made her think of how they threatened to kill her if she didn't help them in the first place. To save her own life, she just agreed and went along with it all, hoping to try and help those inside the Institute was they broke through. I gotta figure something out, Yvette thought desperately, I don't want anyone to get hurt or for anything to get taken. But what? Sunshine adjusted all of her gear and guns then turned to face her cohorts. \"Everyone ready?\" she asked. When everyone nodded, she gave an evil smirk and said, \"Let's go get back what's ours.\" As everyone left the house, Yvette let out a sad sigh. This story may or may not be continued…[Chapter 9] Expect the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter Nine. \" So there's been no activity since Billy sent them a message?\" Buckaroo Banzai aside in a concerned way. \"Not a thing,\" Perfect Tommy sighed, \"Rawhide went to go and talk to Pinky. Personally, I think it's time to rally the troops.\" \"I can agree on that. Alright, I'll send Reno with you. You and him are going to get ready for any kind of fight we might have. Get the teams ready, alert everyone, just in case.\" \"You got it, boss.\" There was a slight pause before Buckaroo spoke again. \"I feel that this all excites you too much.\" \"What can I say?\" Tommy asked rhetorically, \"I crave action.\" His boss and friend laughed from the other end. \"You got too much energy. That's probably why I keep you around.\" After exchanging a few more words and instructions with one another, the two men hung up the call. The younger of the two men did as he was told and got the teams ready, with the help of his companion once he arrived. They alerted everyone at the Institute- with help from Big Norse- about what was going on based off of what they knew. They also managed to let everyone else on the property of the Institute know what was happening- both by themselves, and through asking people they told to spread the news like a rumor. It seemed to do the trick, since people all over the Institute were taking any precautions necessary to keep themselves, their colleagues, their friends, and their family all safe in one way or another. It was actually quite encouraging. \"So, what do we do now?\" Perfect Tommy asked as he and his colleague sped walk the grounds. Reno Nevada shrugged a bit. \"I guess wait,\" he answered with a shrug, \"I think that's all we can do at the moment, friend.\" That seemed to irk the younger man. \"So we just wait?\" He was already fidgeting like a child, annoying his companion. He sighed. \"Yes, Tommy. How about, to kill time, we go check on Pecos and Rainy Day?\" Contrary to his first reaction from his friend's words, this time, Tommy perked up. \"That works.\" -/-/- By request via Go-Phone, Pecos went to join Rainy Day at the front gate of the Institute; Rawhide would join them at some point, just not yet. Neither of the women had a problem with the request, mostly because they'd both get to see the men they were both romantically involved with. But even Pinky Carruthers was fine with it, cause that meant that he had more armed and definitely dangerous people at the gate. It was also a good temporary distraction for those that patiently waited for the next attack from those who had invaded the computer system of the Institute. Reno Nevada and Perfect Tommy walked to the front gate of the Institute within five minutes. Once they arrived, two of the interns at the gate moved to another nearby area. The two Hong Kong Cavaliers walked up to Pecos and Rainy Day, the two pairs all smiling at one another when the other was present and close enough. The two men walked up to the two women, all giving one another either a friendly greeting or amorous greeting, depending on their relationship. \"Anything going on here?\" Reno asked curiously. Rainy Day shrugged. \"Nothing,\" she answered, \"Just a few preteens asking when's the next concert.\" \"When's that again?\" Pecos asked for reference. \"Couple weeks,\" Perfect Tommy answered without missing a beat, \"We're playing a few nights in Atlantic City, then coming back up to Nutley, then over to Saddle Brook before coming back here for one of those Institute events.\" Before any of them could say another word, a loud thump sound could be heard from the other side of the gate. The four all exchanged looks of concern and question with one another in response. All those in the area as well as others posted at the wall all gave strange looks and began to figure out what happened. Khonsu-Ra and Pinky Carruthers came running up to the four quickly. \"What the hell was that?!\" -/-/- \"And your Go-Phone is set up,\" Buckaroo Banzai told his wife as he finished setting up the small device. With all the commotion going on at the Banzai Institute, Buckaroo went to find his recently reunited wife. Along with how he felt bad about not being with her so much already, he also wanted to see her in general. He'd missed years with her and now he finally had the chance to make up those missed years. And even with all currently going on with their hackers, he would be with her as much as he possibly could- and she had no problem with that whatsoever. \"Incredible,\" Peggy Banzai said as she examined the device, \"And I call with this? Like a phone?\" Buckaroo let out an amused chuckle. \"Exactly,\" he smiled, \"And in its memory are all the codes and extensions to reach anyone here with a Go-Phone.\" \"That's so cool! Ok, so I hate to change conversation but- what do we do about the situation?\" \"We wait. We've all prepared for the worst as best as we can. Unfortunately, we don't know anything about who actually hacked into the system, all we know is that they haven't been active for too long now, so we don't know if we'll be properly prepared till something happens. Otherwise, all we can do is wait for their next move.\" \"Like in chess?\" \"Yes.\" She gave a strange look. \"Then this is the worst game of chess ever. And I've played against you.\" Their conversation was interrupted by a muffled sound, which was still obviously loud and powerful. A minute later, two muffled gunshots could be heard. By instinct, Buckaroo shot up from his seat, one hand resting on the gun he kept at his side. Peggy was not fazed by his actions, but still shook from the sounds of the loud blast and the gunshots. A minute or two after the two gunshots were heard, the found of the Institute's Go-Phone began to go off. He looked at his wife, who looked back at him with wide eyes. -/-/- Perfect Tommy and Sunshine stood about twenty feet away from one another. Both had one arm outstretched, a gun in each of their hands, their fingers wrapped around their gun trigger. He wore a dangerous glare on his face as he seethed in rage. She wore an evil smirk with traces of diabolic amusement as she challenged him with her eyes. No one spoke, the only sound being the labored breathing of two of the viewers and the ripping of fabric to cover a wound. \"Go ahead,\" Sunshine challenged, \"Shoot me.\" \"Shut up,\" Perfect Tommy growled. \"Go ahead. Make my day.\" \"I said, shut up!\" \"But realize that if you do shoot me, they all have orders of what they are to do. So whether or not you shoot me, we'll still have gotten what we actually came for.\" \"You're sick in the head. Always were.\" Sunshine laughed humorlessly. \"You know,\" she mused, \"Rawhide said the same exact thing that day. Remember that day? I do. Hey, where is Rawhide anyway?\" \"Why're you doing this?\" Perfect Tommy muttered angrily. \"I want what's rightfully mine: my work, my research, et cetera, et cetera. I tried a few times, but this was the only thing to do that would really get everyone's attention so that I could do it. Which leads me to this: you're gonna call your boss, and tell him I wanna talk to him. My own little band of misfits is gonna roam and find what we're here for. No problems, no one gets hurt, and you never see us again. Simple as that.\" \"No one gets hurt?\" Pecos asked angrily, \"Are you freaking kidding me?! You shot Rainy Day, Reno's head is bleeding, and your bullet grazed and cut Pinky's arm pretty deep. What do you call that? A damn picnic in the park on a Sunday afternoon?!\" \"It was for emphasis,\" Sunshine shrugged nonchalantly. Pecos fumed as she got up from her position on the ground next to her boyfriend and began to storm forward toward her enemy, only to be stopped by Khonsu-Ra as he grabbed her arm to hold her back. \"Do not,\" he said gently, \"She is not worth it, Pecos. None of them are worth your temper.\" Sunshine feigned a cringed and sucked at her teeth. \"Oh, that hurt. But I'll get over it. Now, one of you pull out your Go-Phones and call Buckaroo before we have to start shooting- starting with Little Miss Hot-Head over there,\" she threatened; Pecos growled at her, only making her smirk even more. -/-/- \"Answer it,\" Peggy told her husband gently. Buckaroo looked at her solemnly, then gave a light nod. He took his Go-Phone gingerly from his pocket and answered the call. \"Hello,\" he greeted neutrally. \" Hey, Buckaroo,\" Pinky's voice came through, \"We got someone here who wants to talk to you.\" His voice had a nervous edge to it. \"What's going on?\" \" Dr. Banzai, so go to hear your voice again!\" Sunshine greeted. His breath caught in his throat but he quickly recovered. \"Why're you here?\" \" I want my research files. My hypothesis, my notes, research, experimentation, results- all of it. I've got a group here with me and they're prepared to help me get them. All I ask of you is to allow them to go through.\" \"And if I don't?\" \" We go through anyway, but you'll have a few more people injured than you already do. And worse, too.\" Peggy heard that and grew worried right away. \"What do you mean? Who's hurt?\" she asked in a concerned tone. There was a pause. \" Who's this ?\" Sunshine asked. \"I'm Buckaroo's wife, Peggy.\" \"Oh, yes, I heard about your return. How ironic. Well, sorry to spoil your day, Mrs. Banzai, but I will not change my plans just because you are back. Now if you would please put your husband back on?\" \"Sunshine, you need to stop,\" Buckaroo said as he took back the phone, \"This won't work.\" \"I think it will, actually. You must be forgetting that I once was an intern myself here, working my way up to resident. Maybe even join the Hong Kong Cavaliers. I was like your little band of scientists and engineers and scholars- willing and ready. But you all thought I took the wrong turn. You took away my internship and made me leave. Well, that made me mad. Oh, did it make me mad. But I figured something out- I just needed my research. The research that I spent my time and my energy on day and night. I will not have it kept from me any longer! It's been a year and a half, and I want it all back!\" \"You're research was dangerous, Sunshine. More than dangerous- deadly! It could and would kill people if I let it evolve! I was not going to be responsible for the deaths of so many people if you continued! That's not what we do at the Banzai Institute!\" \"How many have you killed, Dr. Banzai? You've killed before, I know you have. And you know what? So has your little friends: Rawhide, Perfect Tommy, Reno Nevada, Pinky Carruthers, Dr. Zwibel, Red River Daddy, Pecos, even little Billy Travers. Oh, and imagine how many people Lady Gillette's killed. You've killed too, Dr. Banzai, and you know it.\" Buckaroo began to breathe heavily from guilt and anger. \"What're you saying?\" \" We're the same. You're a scientist, I'm a scientist-\" \"You're a maniac, I'm not.\" \" -I've killed, you've killed. We're both geniuses. But all that's just detail. Let my group and me in so we can get what we want and this is all over.\" \"You're the hacker.\" Sunshine's evil laugh could be heard from the other end. \" Maybe you're not such a genius if you just figured that out. So are we allowed access or what?\" Peggy looked at her husband. \"Let them in,\" she said confidently. Buckaroo gave a strange look. \"What?!\" \"I have a plan. Trust me.\" With one last look, he nodded. \"Sunshine.\" \" Yes?\" Sunshine mused. \"Find your research. Try not to hurt anyone else here.\" \"I'll try.\" And the call was dropped. Buckaroo took one last breath before slipping his Go-Phone back into his pocket. He closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them to calm himself down. He then turned to face his wife. \"So what's your plan?\" he asked, already thinking of one just in case or to go along with it. \"We're gonna play chess,\" Peggy answered. Her facial expression looked all too similar to the kind her husband had when he was ready to fight for his family and his home- and he found that comforting. This story may or may not be continued…[Chapter 10] Expect the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter Ten. Rawhide ran toward the front gate but stopped a distance away when he saw a group of familiar faces. When he analyzed the situation for another minute, he had an idea of what was going on in the near distance. He quickly and quietly ran to a group of bushes that lined the interior of the outer wall of the Institute and hid behind and in them, covering himself from sight. He positioned himself so he could see and hear clearly what was being said and what was happening, but not be seen by the Institute's attackers from where he was. -/-/- \"Well, would you look at that,\" Sunshine mused, \"Maybe your boss isn't so rigid after all.\" \"What?\" Reno Nevada asked in annoyed tone, his tone obvious and his hand against the wound on his head soothingly and gently to ease it's inner throbbing feeling. Sunshine blew him off. \"I won't go into details- but let's just say that your boss allowed us to roam. Seems it was at the allowance and convincing from his wife.\" \"Peggy,\" Pecos said and shook her head, \"Why would Peggy allow that?\" Sunshine shrugged. \"Maybe all those years with the World Crime League got to her while she was away.\" Perfect Tommy's head snapped up in the direction she stood. \"How do you know that?\" he snapped at her, his voice curious but his eyes still full of fire. \"Oh, please, Pretty Boy. The whole damn world knows that the great Buckaroo Banzai's wife was supposedly killed after their wedding, but was just recently found and returning here. It's all over the televisions, the radio, the newspapers, the magazines. It's the biggest thing to happen since those American prisoners were released while Reagan was sworn in.\" \"No, no, no. How would you have known that she was with the World Crime League?\" Sunshine's heart beat a little faster. \"Doesn't everyone?\" she tried to cover. \"We never released the information to the public,\" Pinky Carruthers answered. \"Not even everyone here at the Institute knows that Peggy was taken by the World Crime League,\" Pecos stated, her eyes narrow and her tone sharp. Sunshine's heart beat a little bit faster than it already was. Well, I just gave away something, she thought nervously as she looked at members of the Hong Kong Cavaliers, God help me so that Hanoi Xan will not kill me for this. Or that Henrietta will not kill me for this. She tried to hide the sudden panic that she felt as result of the thought of the man who had hired her or his daughter as not to show fear in front of those who she'd betrayed and now stood in front of. One sign of fear, and they would control her like Xan. She wouldn't be the puppet of both Xan and Banzai; showing fear in front of the Hong Kong Cavaliers at this point would make her just that. \"You're working with the World Crime League,\" Reno stated, his eyes a bit wider and his tone a bit softer, both from the pain he felt and the shock written on his face. Sunshine huffed. \"Fine,\" she caved, trying not to show fear and keep her confidence, \"I admit it. I now work with Hanoi Xan and the World Crime League, and that's why I'm here. Happy?\" \"With,\" Pecos started, \"Or under?\" Sunshine's eyes went ablaze and she aimed her gun at the woman. \"Don't test me.\" Perfect Tommy tried to help Rainy Day to a more comfortable position. \"You wouldn't be offended by it unless it was true,\" he stated, a small smirk tugging at his lips- earning the muzzle of her handgun pointed now at him. \"Sunshine!\" a familiar voice called. Rawhide revealed himself from the bush, proving the voice was his. He held a large gun in his hand and aimed it straight ahead at the intruders, who all gave some kind of sign of initial alarm, all recovering too quickly for his liking. He walked away from the bush and by his friends and colleagues, facing the intruders. Sunshine smirked a bit at his appearance, like she was amused about something. It made her seem even more insane than she already was. \"Well, well,\" Sunshine mused again, placing her gun back in its holster and placing her hands on her hips, \"Rawhide. Good to see you again.\" Rawhide didn't lower his gun but kept it aimed at her head. \"Can't say the same,\" he said truthfully, \"What're you doing here?\" \"Didn't you hear all of that from before?\" She rolled her eyes and placed a hand to her head. \"I really don't wanna have to go through all that again. Oh! I have an idea! Once my team goes, I'll explain everything to you while you bring me to Buckaroo Banzai. How's that?\" Rawhide barked out a humorless laugh. \"Yeah? And why would I do that?\" \"Cause I want to see him. Catch up, that's all.\" \"You must think I'm an idiot. I know you got clearance, Heaven knows why, but I ain't taking you to Buck. No one is.\" \"Oh, but I don't want anyone else to take me,\" Sunshine shrugged, \"I want you to take me. In fact, I want this lot of yours to stay right here, and Yvette here is gonna keep watch over them. Then my crew is gonna all roam, remember? While they all roam looking for my research, you'll take me to Buckaroo.\" \"Wackjob.\" \"I believe the word you're looking for is insane ? Or maybe it's crazy person ? Ooh, or a name of someone from that movie with Jack Nicholson, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest! I like that. Oh well, perhaps another time. Anyway, I don't care how wacky it sounds- you're gonna do it. Cause my team is now free to roam about the cabin!\" With that command, eight of the total nine with Sunshine all moved away from the group. All eight had their guns drawn, ready to shoot anyone who got in their way as they roamed and looked for the research. As said, Yvette stood a slight distance away, slowly moving closer to the group of Hong Kong Cavaliers with her gun drawn and her face hard. There was something deceiving about her facial expression, but no one could pinpoint exactly what it was. Sunshine didn't notice, but rather just kept her gaze straight at Rawhide, whose gun was still drawn. She drew her gun and cocked it ready, aiming it straight at Rawhide. \"Now,\" Sunshine began, \"I'll repeat myself one more time. Take me to Buckaroo, or I shoot you. Now how would he feel if his second in command and best friend died twice? But this time, couldn't be cryogenically frozen and preserved until they found a cure for that Lectroid poison.\" Rawhide was silent for a moment. \"If I take you, you allow New Jersey to come and treat their injuries that you caused,\" he requested hesitantly. \"Rawhide!\" Pecos cried. \"Fine,\" Sunshine allowed, \"Call New Jersey and get him over here. No one leaves this area though!\" She turned to Yvette. \"If any funny business goes on, you shoot. Got it?\" When Yvette nodded, Sunshine continued, \"Good. Now. Let's go, Rawhide. Both of our guns down.\" With that, Rawhide and Sunshine walked away from the group and toward the Institute entrance. -/-/- \"That plan could work,\" Buckaroo Banzai told his wife quickly, \"But they might be able to tell.\" \"Of course they could,\" Peggy Banzai shrugged, \"But by that time, all will be said and done and there'd be no one to figure anything out. You said that Sunshine was the only one aside from you and Professor Hikita that could figure out how to do what she was doing off of her research notes and such, and that you guys burned the originals anyway.\" Peggy had explained her plan to her husband in a five minute period. It was a risky plan, luring the enemy into the center of the headquarters, but that was the only solution to get the captain out of the picture. It was always a risky plan and situation to get one's self into, but things like that needed to be done sometimes. She knew that those at the Institute had put themselves in risky situations more than once, so this probably would be no different. But even with that as a reassurance, it didn't help to ease the nervousness she felt about her husband having to confront that wackjob. She'd been away from him for three and a half years. That was long enough. She didn't want to be separated from him ever again. Buckaroo sensed the sadness that overtook his wife. He was relieved that he could still read her like a book- much like she could him- but his face fell when he could sense the sadness she felt. He would be a liar if he said that he wasn't concerned at all. He was concerned for his friends, his family, his Institute, and for his wife; his friends, who were also his family, and his wife triumphed over anything else. He was concerned for the interns and the residents and the rest of the staff who had found friendly and family oriented sanctuary at the Institute. He could relate to her sadness and concern, and wished there was something he could do to get rid of both hers and his. He could only think of one thing to do. Buckaroo walked closer to his wife and pulled her close. Peggy didn't hesitate and wrapped her arms tight around his torso, as if her life depended on him. Maybe it did. He tightened his arms around her in attempt at comfort. She buried her head in his chest and he ran his hand through her hair. \"Do you think everyone's going to be ok?\" Peggy asked quietly, her voice shaking a bit. Buckaroo stayed silent. Peggy looked up at him, her eyes showing fear. \"You're not answering me.\" \"I know,\" he sighed. Silence again. \"Come on. We should get ready for this.\" He kissed her forehead and let her go, walking out of the room and to another part of the Institute. She gave him a sad look and watched him walk out before she ran to go after him and stay with him. This story may or may not be continued…[Chapter 11] Expect the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter Eleven. \"So what can you tell me about this Sunshine chick?\" Peggy Banzai asked curiously. Buckaroo and Peggy Banzai rushed through the building, room to room, doing anything that they could. They would check on the security cameras and watch sadly and angrily as people rummaged through rooms, drawers, and anything else they could get their hands on. People were raising their hands in surrender and doing as they were ordered by their invaders. After tearing apart a room, the invaders would give some kind of order, then move on. It brought anger and sadness to the founder of the Banzai Institute and his recently returned wife. \"Well,\" Buckaroo began, \"She used to be an intern here, working her way up to resident. She had just graduated from college with a Doctorate as a Biomedical Engineer. She had a great background, and honestly, she was brilliant. She was automatically accepted as an intern. She began work in her field here, as well as other scientific areas around and involved in her field. She began to study the process of genetic engineering, right when we got the new technology. She was doing extremely well with it. IN fact, she was able to figure it out better than anyone else. Because of that, she was made in charge of the studies that took care of genetic engineering, under me and Hikita-san, of course.\" \"Ok,\" Peggy confirmed with understanding. His face seemed to grow harder. \"She'd apparently been working on some research under the table.\" \"What kind of research?\" \" Illegal research. Illegal testing. Dangerous testing. She did it for seven months, getting help from a few others so they could keep it a secret and away from me and others like Mrs. Johnson and Rawhide. We eventually found out, did an investigation, and immediately dismissed all those involved. We also got rid of their records.\" -/-/- \"You don't wanna do this,\" Reno Nevada stated calmly. Yvette paced back and forth, gun in hand as she did so. It was obvious to the Hong Kong Cavaliers that she was guarding that her gun was locked on safety, but they didn't say anything about it. She shook quickly, probably from anxiousness. While the rest of those she was with were not, it was obvious that she was bluffing when she tried to threaten them. They all thought that she could tell that she didn't scare them at all, or that she was scared herself, since she would quickly back down. Yvette snapped her head in his direction. Her eyes were wide with fear, but she tried to hide it- unsuccessfully. \"Shut up,\" she demanded. \"Don't deny it, Yvette,\" Pinky Carruthers said, \"You think we can't tell you're freaking out?\" \"You know, I can shoot like Sunshine, too!\" \"But you won't,\" Pecos stated flatly , looked at her rival dead in the eyes- a strategy she'd learned to master from her years at the Banzai Institute. Yvette started to shake even more. She put her arms up and out and aimed the gun with shaky hands. The safety was still on, and they wondered if she knew that. The Hong Kong Cavaliers all watched her intently, curious what she might do. Adrenaline pulsed through the bodies of all those present. She looked at each of her hostages, growing shakier with each passing second. She tried to get a better grip on her gun and tried to look less scared, but it didn't work. She let out an agonizing yell as she turned and threw the gun in the bushes. She slumped her shoulders, ran her hands over her face and fell to her knees. \"See?\" Pecos asked gently. \"Why're you here?\" Reno asked. Yvette removed her hands from her face but remained on the ground. \"Sunshine already told you,\" she sighed. Rawhide shook his head. \"No,\" he said, \"No, not why Sunshine's here. Why're you here?\" Yvette gave a confused look. \"I don't understand.\" \"You were a good kid,\" Perfect Tommy commented, \"I remember. You always did what you were supposed to do, and never broke or even bent a rule, except for once or twice when it was an accident. Hell, you were a goody two shoes. So what happened?\" Yvette gave a hesitant pause. With a heavy sigh, she began to explain. What had happened was that she had been an intern who was working under sunshine. She didn't do any of the questionable experiments, but rather the research on genetic engineering and its advances as a whole; she had no idea of the illegal testing until the investigations, the ones that she had been deemed innocent of. But when everything happened and it was established that she would be able to keep her internship, Sunshine had asked her to leave and to help her with something- Yvette had declined. Next thing she knew, a gun was held against her head and she was being forced to hand write a letter that would forfeit her internship at the Banzai Institute. She packed her things, cut off her relationship with Billy Travers, and left the Institute by force. She then had become stuck in helping Sunshine with her \"endeavors\". \"And since then, my life's been a living hell,\" Yvette finished sadly. \"Haven't you tried to get away? Get help?\" Pecos asked, still nursing her significant other's head wound. \"Of course I've tried. But it always ends with me getting found out and punished.\" \"That's not right,\" Pinky said sadly as he shook his head in disapproval. \"Do you know her plans?\" Rawhide asked suddenly, \"To get her old research files and everything, I mean.\" Yvette thought for a moment and shrugged lightly. \"Yeah, everything she told us, at least. Why?\" \"Cause I have an idea that'll benefit the Institute right now and just you, Yvette. No one else with her. But we would need you to betray Sunshine. Could you do that?\" \"Easily.\" She didn't hesitate. \"You can't more Rainy Day, Reno or Pinky too much,\" New Jersey warned, \"Pinky and Rainy Day are both still bleeding, and Reno's got a head wound doing the same.\" He silently mentioned how all three looked a bit paler than they did before they were injured. Yvette jumped a bit. \"Oh! I could tell Sunshine you guys gave me a lead and we all have to move. We could go to the infirmary so they could just stay there. Would that work?\" \"That works fine.\" \"Let's do it,\" Rawhide agreed. -/-/- Penny Priddy and Mrs. Eunice Johnson quickly went to the filing room and began to raid the cabinets. They quickly went through each file, examining their contents as thoroughly and as quickly as possible. This sent the room in a subtle disarray, files that might be somewhat important being left on the table and floor around them. This continued as they moved from the main filing system to the area that had the more private and limited access files; being the head of the filing and storage, Mrs. Johnson had access that was not questioned. Mrs. Johnson let out an irritated yell before saying, \"There's nothing here! We burned all her research!\" \"Does she know that?\" Penny asked. \"I don't know. Probably not, since she thinks that she can still get them back from Buckaroo.\" \"I don't have them,\" Buckaroo Banzai said as he entered the room, \"No one does. The paper files, the notebooks, the recordings- even the computer files- we got rid of them all and made sure there was no trace whatsoever.\" \"We can't tell her that. She'll freak.\" \"That's a given. We'll just have to pretend that we have it for now. Anyway, the reason I came here, Mrs. Johnson, is to see if you can get to the infirmary as quickly and quietly as you can. New Jersey needs to some help in there and we've been allowed some movement.\" His annoyance was obvious. Mrs. Johnson grew tense. \"What happened?\" she asked, not bothering to hide her concern. \"Pinky, Rainy Day and Reno were all injured. Jersey told me they're stable, but that he still needs some help since the wounds are still fresh and he wants to treat them as soon as possible.\" \"What're the injuries?\" Penny asked uneasily. \"Reno's got a head wound as a result of being struck with a gun, and he probably has a mild concussion from it. Rainy Day was shot in the leg. Pinky has a deep graze on his arm, so that's not as big of a deal as Reno and Rainy Day. But New Jersey does need some help so that he can treat them quicker. I would go, but Peggy has a plan. Not to mention the fact that Sunshine wants to deal with me.\" Mrs. Johnson nodded in agreement, bid farewell to both, and quickly made her way to the Institute infirmary. Penny watched and continued to look through the file cabinet she stood in front of. Buckaroo leaned against one of the sides of the cabinets and ran his hands over his face, letting out a heavy sigh. Penny took notice and looked over at her friend, boss, and brother in law; despite his usual calm and collected demeanor, the man had too much stress, and the present situation just gave him extra stress that he nor anyone else needed. She stopped what she was doing, left her arms fall at her sides, and walked over to him. As she leaned on the cabinet next to him, he crossed his arms, leaned his head back and shut his eyes. \"Can I say something?\" Penny asked gently, \"It's kinda personal candid.\" Buckaroo let out a heavy sigh, opened his eyes and looked forward. \"Yes,\" he allowed, \"Go ahead, Penny.\" \"Okay.\" She took a deep breath. \"Buckaroo Banzai, you are the saddest man I've ever seen in my entire life. You're a genius and you are brilliant- but you are also a very sad man. I've known you a few years now and it's been an honor to not only get to know you as my employer, but as my friend and my brother in law. But despite all your calm and happiness and even zen nature, not too deep down in you, you're a very sad and distressed man. But I've noticed a change in you today.\" He gave a look of question. \"I don't understand.\" She gave a weak smile. \"There's a first. What I mean is that, when you came back with Peggy today- despite the confusion I felt at first- it was obvious that you were happier. A sadness seemed to lift off from you. But then, things went wrong. Today was supposed to be a day of great joy and happiness; your wife, my sister, was coming back home after so many years. Neither of you deserved to have today ruined by Sunshine. I say this because you're a great man in so many ways, Buckaroo Banzai, and I know my sister, Peggy Simpson Banzai, is a great woman- and neither of you deserve what has happened here today.\" Before another word could be said, Peggy Banzai entered the room and stood next to her husband, and both turned to look at her. Her eyes were red and puffy as tears ran down from her eyes down her cheeks. Buckaroo placed a gentle, loving hand on her arm. \"Peggy, what's wrong?\" Peggy shook her head. \"Nothing,\" she choked out, \"I'm so lucky to have you both back in my life, and I love you both so much.\" This story may or may not be continued…[Chapter 12] Expect the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter Twelve. \"You doing alright?\" Perfect Tommy asked gently, running his hand gently up and down his partner's arm. Rainy Day took in a deep, sharp breath. \"Yeah,\" she then breathed out shakily, \"I'm okay. What about Pinky and Reno? How're they?\" He smiled. \"Always putting yourself last, huh?\" \"They're doing fine,\" Sidney \"New Jersey\" Zweibel reassured, \"They're just resting now, which is what you should be doing. They took a few painkillers to rest easier. You had the worst injury, Rainy Day, are you sure you don't want one?\" She shook her head without hesitation. \"None.\" Rainy Day was genuinely terrified of any kind of drug or needle. It was understandable, if you knew her past- and only a few did know anything about it- why she was. Before arriving at the Banzai Institute, she'd been a drug user and a drug dealer. She hadn't given any details to anyone yet, but she'd had a life changing event that made her give it all up and start over. Her deciding to start over lead her to the Institute. And ever since her first day there, it'd been a known fact that she was terrified of drugs and needles and painkillers of any kind because of that day. She would never accept any kind, as not to risk anything or the progress she had made over the years, but instead would bear with whatever ailment she had at that moment in time. New Jersey nodded knowingly. \"I'll be right back,\" he said and walked off. \"Thank you for helping me,\" Rainy Day said in a timid voice to her partner. Perfect Tommy shrugged. \"Figured I should, considering,\" he teased and she laughed. \"Do you think Yvette can really help?\" He paused. \"Yeah. I think she can.\" -/-/- Red River Daddy and Lady Gillette both waited in the hall outside the recreation room. They were both leaning casually against the wall, their hands and guns at the ready. The two of them seemed bored as they waited, chatting about anything and everything that came to their minds. The two even began to flirt back and forth with one another, something the two had been doing more openly lately. Sure, people knew they were together, but they were no longer as secretive or as private as they had once been. The sound of a door and footsteps brought them to attention. They shared a look, got their guns out and took them off of safety. They heard the footsteps get closer, as well as voices growing in volume and intensity. They gave a few silent orders to the one another, then each nodded to the other to confirm their understanding. Both stood quietly and at the ready, guns in hand and ready to be fired. Guns drawn, they came out of hiding and into the view of those who approached. Rawhide, Khonsu-Ra and Yvette stopped dead in their tracks when they were met with guns aimed at them. -/-/- Rawhide had originally agree to take Sunshine to Buckaroo, but a quarter of the way there, she had changed her mind. He quickly went back to his friends and conducted a plan to save the Institute as well as the girl named Yvette. Once leaving their friends in the Institute infirmary, the three had begun to execute their plan. To do so, they would have to make their way through the Institute grounds, but be as quiet and as sneaky as possible. Lady Gillette lowered her gun. \"You nearly gave me a heart attack!\" she informed in annoyed fashion. Rawhide looked at her with wide eyes and his hand over his heart as he breathed heavily. \"Gave you a heart attack?!\" he nearly yelled, \"How do you think I feel?! Like a turkey who escaped Thanksgiving dinner?!\" Red River Daddy shifted his gaze to the ground as he began to let out a low series of laughs. This earned a look from Rawhide that shot daggers from his eyes. Lady Gillette looked at Yvette with skeptical eyes. \"Why's she here?\" \"She is on our side,\" Khonsu-Ra reassured quickly. The lady looked over her female counterpart once more, before nodding in approval. \"Fine. But if you show any signs that you're gonna turn on us again, I won't hesitate to do what I need to protect my friends.\" Yvette nodded. \"I understand.\" \"You need to regain my trust. It's not something given easily. Until you earn it back, I'm not gonna give you anything or do anything that shows I fully trust you.\" \"I don't blame you.\" \"Ok,\" Lady Gillette finished, \"Now that that's all settled-\" She raised her arm with the large gun in it up, \"Let's go.\" -/-/- Buckaroo and Peggy Banzai stood together in the heart of the Banzai Institute. There had been a decided center of the Institute grounds, and in that spot was the control center of the entire Institute. The computers, the electrical systems, the lighting system, the main heating and cooling system, the music systems, and anything else that needed to be controlled in one way or another on the grounds. It was an extremely large room, one of the biggest, actually, of any of the rooms on the grounds of the Institute. It was also the room that they were going to use to lure Sunshine into. Buckaroo leaned against a table in the room, his palms flat on the surface of the table and his head down and gaze on the tabletop. Peggy watched him from a distance, hugging herself and shuffling her feet. She hated to see her husband the way he was. She hadn't seen the man she loved with all of her heart for years now, and on her first day back with him, he was more stressed than he, or anyone else for that matter, needed to be. She knew that he was an extremely stressed man, and that he tried to hide it, which was something that she never liked- but she hated how stressed he'd always been. It was at those times that she had no idea what to do to comfort him or help him, and she felt it would remain this way. Peggy stepped forward a bit. \"Buckaroo?\" she asked gently. He moved his head a bit. She walked up behind him and placed a hand on the crook of his neck and shoulder. \"Buckaroo?\" It was this time that Buckaroo gave a response. His body grew tense at her touch, then relaxed. He raised his hand up and placed it on top of hers. He lifted her hand a bit before turning to face her, and she planted her hand back in its original place. He used his opposite hand to run his hand through her hair. He then pressed the lower half of his face against her forehead and hair. He closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath, letting it out slowly. \"I'm sorry,\" was all he said, \"I'm so sorry.\" She looked up at him. \"Why're you sorry?\" \"Today. Everything. This wasn't how it was supposed to be.\" \"I know that. But it's not your fault.\" \"Peggy-\" \"Buckaroo Banzai, you could not have controlled what has happened today.\" He shrugged. \"I feel as though there was something I could have done to stop it from ever happening.\" Peggy let out a humorless chuckle. \"How?\" she questioned, \"How could you have prevented this? Did you contact Sunshine and tell her to do this?\" \"No.\" \"Did you ask for her to try and invade the Institute?\" \"No.\" \"Did you do anything to make her do this, in a way that she could have refused to do?\" \"No,\" Buckaroo sighed. \"Right. You did not bring this upon yourself. Do you understand me? You did not provoke this. Now. Stop making me have to give you pep talks to do what you're supposed to do as the leader of this Institute, do you understand?\" Buckaroo smiled and pulled her close to him. \"Oh, how I've missed you, my Queen of the Netherlands.\" After holding his wife to him for a moment, Buckaroo let her go and went to the intercom system. The system had speakers that led to every area of the Institute and was only used for certain changes or emergencies when contacting everyone on the grounds by Go-Phone was not enough. If they were being honest, the intercom system was something that was rarely used. But, he walked over to the microphone, kept his hand near the button that turned it on, and looked at his wife. She gave an encouraging smile and a nod. He gave a weak smile back, turned back to the microphone, pressed the button that turned on the microphone, and began to speak. -/-/- Sunshine and Johnny-Be-Good stalked the grounds of the Institute together. They walked to the center main building of the grounds, knowing full well that the center building was the building with the files and research and anything related in that fashion. Once inside, no one questioned them on their intentions and just let them go through. Both gave satisfied smirks as they continued to walk, feeling impressed by their sudden increase from their plan. But a voice coming from over the intercom speakers in the halls around them stopped them in their tracks and made them listen. \" Sunshine,\" came over Buckaroo Banzai's voice, \" You and your group are no longer in control of my Institute. If you don't like that, come and do something about it. I'm in the main control room of the Institute.\" \"That,\" Sunshine seethed, \"That- that-\" \" What're you waiting for? Over and out.\" And the intercom went dead. Sunshine's fists clenched as she ground her teeth together. \"I'm gonna get what's mine!\" And with that, she began to run through the halls to the control room. This story may or may not be continued…[Chapter 13] Expected the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter Thirteen. Buckaroo Banzai turned around and leaned against the system, crossing his arms and letting out a breath. Peggy Banzai walked and stood next to him and leaned against his arm. They both savored the contact, not wanting to be deprived of each other's touch ever again. \"Probably not the kind of day you imagined, right?\" Buckaroo asked with a forced chuckle. Peggy shrugged. \"I don't know,\" she answered honestly, \"Definitely not the kind of day I wanted- having to fight for my home. Sure, I knew I'd have to at some point, but not on my first day back home. Just really unexpected, I guess.\" \"Expect the unexpected, right?\" She gave an amused smile. \"Right.\" -/-/- Big Norse and Billy Travers sat at the computers in the main computer lab of the Institute. They kept watchful eyes on the system and the screens, as well as kept their guard up. Granted, they'd had no more threats or hacks by way of computers, but now the two had to work to try and clear the entire system of any bugs, viruses, and anything else that might have invaded their system. Was it a lot for two people? You bet your behind it was- but they were the only two people who were available at the present moment to do it, not to mention most qualified. They both nearly jumped out of their skins were the door of the room opened and closed suddenly behind them. They both turned quickly, their guns at the ready, their bodies tense. Lady Gillette quickly threw her hands in the air. \"It's just us!\" she quickly cleared, already beginning to lower her hands back to her sides, \"Billy, Big Norse, it's just us.\" Lady Gillette, Red River Daddy, Rawhide, Khonsu-Ra and Yvette stood in the room, growing less tense with the two guns now being lowered. Big Norse brought her gun down to her side and rolled her eyes. \"You all wanna give us heart attacks, don't you?!\" she asked angrily. Billy's jaw dropped and nearly dropped the floor. \"Oh my…\" he mumbled as his eyes got wide and his face grew pale, almost as if he had just seen a ghost. Yvette felt her cheeks turn red as Billy stared at her. She crossed her arms over her chest and begun to hug herself protectively, tucking a few strands of hair behind her ears in a shy manner. Everyone in the room who knew their background- and even those who didn't- grew quiet as the tension in the room multiplied to about one thousand times one thousand with each moment that passed. Billy and Yvette had dated for a long time. A long time. They arrived at the Institute within one month of each other and had dated since. They had gotten serious in a short amount of time, so serious that friends of the two wondered and even placed non-monetary bets on when the two would announce their engagement of marriage. Right around the time that Billy had begun to ask his friends about marriage and how to go about proposing to her, that was when Yvette had suddenly resigned from her internship, breaking his heart in the process. \"Yvette,\" Billy breathed out, \"What're you doing here?\" \"I,\" Yvette hesitated. \"She was with Sunshine, by force ,\" Rawhide answered for her, \"She's with us again.\" \"She's gonna help us get rid of Sunshine and the rest of her crew,\" Lady Gillette added. Yvette had her head down slightly, but kept her gaze up and on her former love. \"Is that alright with you?\" she asked timidly. Billy took a deep breath. \"Uh… yeah. Yeah, fine.\" Red River Daddy, Lady Gillette, Rawhide, Big Norse and Khonsu-Ra exchanged looks of uncertainty. -/-/- In the infirmary, Pinky Carruthers, Reno Nevada, Pecos, and Perfect Tommy got their gear on. Sidney \"New Jersey\" Zweibel and Mrs. Eunice Johnson gave looks and comments of disapproval. Rainy Day shifted uncomfortably in her seat. Despite the protests being made, the four continued to ready their weapons without saying a way or uttering a sound. \"Reno,\" New Jersey sighed, \"You really shouldn't be doing this with your concussion.\" Reno looked up at him. \"You said yourself that it wasn't terrible,\" he argued. Mrs. Johnson glared. \"Yeah, and I got a cracked plate in the kitchen in the bunkhouse near breaking point, but you don't see me using it,\" she snapped, \"Pecos, how are you ok with this?\" Pecos shrugged almost nonchalantly. \"I'll be with him,\" she answered in a neutral tone of voice. Mrs. Johnson looked to her last ounce of possible support. \"What do you think?\" Rainy Day's cheeks began to turn pink out of embarrassment from all attention being turned to her so suddenly. \"I'm not a fan of them going,\" she began timidly, \"But I also want these people outta here.\" \"We'll be careful, Eunice,\" Pinky tried to reassure, \"Aren't we always?\" She snorted and rolled her eyes. \"Never! Oh, just go, damnit! But I swear on my husband's grave, if you four get seriously hurt doing this, I'll kill you all myself!\" \"You heard her, gang,\" Perfect Tommy called. He leaned over and shared a kiss with Rainy Day, making her cheeks turn as red as a fire engine as he turned to face the group once more. \"Let's get our control and our Institute back.\" -/-/- Peggy shifted uncomfortably in her position against the wall. She kept an unsure watch on her husband as he contacted all of the Hong Kong Cavaliers. After receiving confirmation that they were all on their way, she watched as he began to pace again. He ran his hands over his face, walked over to a desk in the room, and pulled out a journal. \"You know,\" Buckaroo began to say as he flipped through the pages of the journal in an absentminded daze, \"Sunshine is the reason I stopped everything we had going on with genetic engineering.\" \"Why did she do what she did?\" Peggy asked curiously. \"We all have different theories- but they all have the same root.\" \"Which was?\" \"Hanoi Xan.\" Peggy shivered at the name and her face seemed to grow pale. \"Oh…\" Buckaroo noticed the sudden change in his wife and frowned deeply. \"Peggy, I,\" he muttered, \"I didn't mean to-\" \"I'm ok,\" she tried to reassure; her defense was brought down by the shaking of her voice. It was in that moment that Buckaroo finally got an answer regarding his wife. Peggy had been taken by Xan and held by him for years and, just like he suspected, it obviously hadn't been good. He wanted to know what she had gone through, but at the same time, didn't want to ask and make her relive everything. He didn't want her to bury everything inside and hide and make like everything was ok and nothing happened. For the first time in a long time, he didn't know what to do. Regarding Peggy, she felt helpless. Ever since she had been found in the desert by her friends and family, she felt a brighter and stronger ray of hope- one that seemed dim all those years. Upon reaching the hospital, she refused mental analyzation to a certain extent, saying the only neurologist she trusted was her husband. She chose to be brave and act like nothing was wrong. She blocked out the bad as best she could and tried to focus on the present- the good in her life that had finally returned. But she had realized that, with just one name, all the bad could come back into her head like a wave- and that wave was taking her over and bringing her under. Buckaroo walked over to his wife and took her in his arms. She didn't even realize he had until she felt two arms around her. \"It's all over now,\" he tried to assure gently, \"He won't get you again.\" Peggy leaned into him and shut her eyes. \"How can you be so sure?\" she asked in a whisper. \"I'm not letting him. Not again.\" Before either could say another word, there was a knock on the door. Buckaroo and Peggy looked at the door suddenly, frozen. It opened and in came Rawhide, Perfect Tommy, Red River Daddy, Reno Nevada, Pecos, Lady Gillette, Big Norse, Pinky Carruthers, Billy Travers, Penny Priddy, Khonsu-Ra and Yvette. The reunited couple's bodies relaxed. The door was closed behind them and locked, leaving them at least one moment of calm before the storm that they all knew was approaching. \"You two ok in here?\" Rawhide asked in a gentle and cautious way. \"Yes,\" Peggy muttered, wiping at her eyes, but staying close to her husband. \"Yeah,\" Buckaroo sighed, \"Yeah, we're good. Where's New Jersey, Rainy Day and Mrs. Johnson?\" \"Still back at the infirmary,\" Pinky answered, \"Rainy Day wasn't in condition to be moved, according to Jersey, cause of the bullet she took to her leg.\" Perfect Tommy frowned at his answer, but quickly recovered in a forced manner. \"How about your head, Reno?\" Reno shrugged. \"I got a concussion that hurts like hell,\" he answered honestly, \"But I'll live.\" Buckaroo gave an amused smile; he knew his Cavaliers to a t, that was for sure, and he wasn't surprised one bit by the answer and the present of his writer friend. But that smile faded where there was a loud, pounding knock coming from the other side of the door. \"Dr. Banzai, open this door before I bust it open myself like a jar of pickles!\" Sunshine demanded. \"Well,\" Perfect Tommy whispered, \"At least she's got the decency to give you the chance to open the door before she decides to tear it up like Jack Nicholson in The Shining .\" \"Yeah, she's the definition of ladylike behavior,\" Lady Gillette commented sarcastically. \"There she is, Miss America,\" Pecos began to tease, \"There she is, your ideal. The dream of a million girls who are more than pretty can come true in Atlantic City.\" \"For she may turn out to be the Queen of femininity,\" all those in the room finished in unison. This story may or may not be continued…[Chapter 14] Expect the Unexpected Part One: Chapter Fourteen Sunshine waltzed into the room like she owned the place. JJ, Johnny-Be-Good, and the rest of their crew followed her in. Their heads, as well as their guns, were raised and forward. They occupied half of the large control room and blocked the door. It was obvious in their formation that they were blocking the way for anyone to leave, as well as enter the room. She gave a pleasant smirk at her adversaries. They Hong Kong Cavaliers showed now fear. It was obvious that Sunshine was not happy about that. She had tried to hide her anger with a smirk- but that smirk was a bit too forced, and her ears a bit too red. Those of the Banzai Institute noticed this and gave looks of pure amusement, making Sunshine's anger and displeasure increase. And of course, the Hong Kong Cavaliers being who they were and the way they were, of course, their sense of amusement grew at her anger. \"Great to see you again, Sunshine,\" Perfect Tommy greeted sarcastically, \"Shoot anyone else lately?\" Sunshine made a face at his remark. \"Ha, ha. Very funny,\" she mocked. Tommy's anger now grew. \"You think it's funny that Rainy Day's in the infirmary, a hole in her leg where your bullet was?\" His question came out in a growl, and Rawhide took hold of his arm to prevent him from lunging at her. Sunshine looked hurt. \"You think I like to shoot people?\" \"No,\" Rawhide shrugged, \"Just to experiment on them and change their DNA almost to the point where it's nearly impossible to be repaired.\" She fumed. \" Enough!\" She then took a deep breath in an attempt to regain her composure. \"I just want my research. Once I have it all, I'll be out of your hair. I promise.\" \"I can't do that, Sunshine,\" Buckaroo Banzai answered in a flat tone. \"What are you? Hal from 2001: A Space Odyssey?\" Buckaroo's face remained blank. \"I'm serious, Sunshine. I can't give you your research.\" \"And why's that?\" \"It's gone.\" \" What?!\" Sunshine yelled in sudden anger and panic, \"What do you mean it's gone?!\" He stepped closer to her, as if her was challenging her; he kept his calm disposition, though, something she seemed incapable of doing at the present time. \"We burned it, Sunshine. Every single paper, notebook, computer file- everything. We destroyed it all as if none of it was ever done.\" She seethed. \"Why would you do such a stupid thing like that, Dr. Banzai?\" Her tone was mocking. \"To keep it away from people like you.\" Sunshine let out a laugh that held no humor but was filled with venom. \"You know, Dr. Banzai, I always thought you were smarter than that. I guess I thought wrong. Cause I worked hard on that research. Too hard just to have you all simply throw it away. And my boss, he won't be happy to hear that it's gone.\" Buckaroo's eyes challenged her. \"You think I don't know who your current employer is? You think I don't know who made you do what you did?\" Sunshine felt a spark of fear in the pit of her stomach. Trying to prevent that spark from making its way to her face, she kept a look made of stone on. She felt it falter ever so slightly, but tried to cover it as quickly as she possibly could. She was aware of the fact those she was currently facing wouldn't miss her facial expression soften and grow less intense at the words of her former employer, even if it was for less than a second. This fact in itself intimidated her to an extent, but she did her best to ignore all of this as not to appear full of fear. Sunshine put on her bravest face. \"And that doesn't worry you in the slightest?\" she asked, forcing her voice to be strong and full of power, as well as forcing a smirk to lace her lips once more. Buckaroo's face seemed to be made of unbreakable stone, but his eyes showed a brave fire. \"You think I'm afraid Hanoi Xan?\" he asked her, the mentioned name made Peggy's back tingle in fear, but she showed the same confidence that her husband did, not letting their enemy sense her reaction. \"You should be. Cause both ioned name made Peggy's back tingle in fear, but she showed the same confidence that her husband did, not letting their enemy sense her reaction. \"You should be. Cause both you and your wife know what he's capable of, Dr. Banzai. And so do the rest of your Hong Kong Cavaliers.\" He shook his head. \"I have no reason to be afraid of Xan. Especially in this case.\" \"Oh? And why is that?\" He took another step closer; her heart began to beat a little quicker. \" You're the one who's working for Xan. He hired you for your research- that has nothing to do with me, other than the fact that your original research was because I had put you in charge of it. Therefore, he'd think me foolish to do such a thing as to even help him. All you did was all of your own research, despite my original instructions. Xan didn't hire you to get the research from me, but rather for you to get your or research. That has nothing to do with me.\" Sunshine's face began to show fear but she did her best to continue to ignore it. \"But you're the one who had my research,\" she tried. \"Xan wouldn't want to hear you say that,\" Buckaroo said flatly. \"Why?\" \"He wouldn't like the idea of you letting me destroy the research. The idea of you having no way to get it all back for him would not end well for you. And you know what else?\" \"What?\" \"He wouldn't hesitate to use all of that as a reason to kill you the very next time you and him are standing in the same room.\" His final statement made Sunshine's face fall and her skin to become pale. Any confidence she once had now ran from her and hid away. She mentally cursed herself, knowing that her show of emotion would cost her. She had already been under the thumb of Hanoi Xan for too long- she could not be under Buckaroo Banzai's thumb, too. That's why she'd fallen for Xan's game; she felt too pushed down by the thumb of The Great Buckaroo Banzai. She would not be crushed anymore. \"And the worst part is,\" Buckaroo continued to say, \"That you already know this.\" Sunshine quickly switched her gaze from the ground to her former employer. There were no traces of vengeance on his face, but it more looked like he was… concerned. Why would he be concerned for her? Especially after all that she had done? Either way, she did known that he was right. She knew that if she walked off the grounds of the Banzai Institute with nothing to given Xan, she'd be dead the moment she walked back into Xan's chamber. Hell, probably the moment she stepped into the headquarters for the World Crime League. Coming upon this realization, she was no longer embarrassed about letting the Hong Kong Cavaliers see her act fade away. Sunshine put her gun down and instructed those with her to do the same. \"You're right,\" she agreed as her shoulders slumped. Peggy walked forward. \"There is a solution,\" she announced, \"Buckaroo, we discussed this, remember?\" Sunshine looked up, hope on her face. \"What?\" Buckaroo nodded. \"Don't go back to Xan. Not physically, anyway. Instead of dying at his hands, the Banzai Institute would take you into custody, with help from the proper authorities- possibly the FBI or the White House. Once we have everything taken care of, we'll somehow let Xan known that you won't be going back and that there is no longer a trace of your research. The rest of you would be dealt with accordingly.\" \"Won't he be mad?\" \"Enraged. But he won't know where any of you are. Therefore, he can't get to you. Now, he might still look for you, but he might realize that he has other things that are of more importance after a will, and just give up on the search for you all. He might even try to find another scientist to repeat your efforts.\" \"What if he does?\" \"We'll cross that bridge when we get there. What's important is all of your protection, but still having you all taken into proper custody for all that's happened. Because even though we want to keep you all as far away as possible from Xan, you still invaded my Institute, injured people, destroyed multiple rooms and filing cabinets, as well as experiments, and threated us multiple times today. Not to mention the fact that you hacked into our systems. Taking all of that into consideration, what we all think we should do is better than letting you all die at the hands of Hanoi Xan and the World Crime League. So with all of that said- do we have a deal?\" Sunshine turned around to talk with those who were with her. A moment later, she turned around and everyone surrendered their weapons. \"We have a deal,\" she agreed. The Banzai Institute contacted the FBI not long after that. Multiple agents came and charged Sunshine and her crew, then took them into custody. The then were taken to be processed at their headquarters, and to be fully dealt with upon their arrival. This story may or may not be continued…[Chapter 15] Expect the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter Fifteen. It took a total of two days to clean up the mess and recalibrate the systems all over the grounds of the Banzai Institute. Papers had been refiled. Furniture had been reorganized. Spills were cleaned up. Experiments and their research had been cleaned up and put back the way they were, or would begin over again. Repairs had been made. The plants and shrubbery replanted. Technology recalibrated and reset. Injuries taken care of and in the process of healing. And thankfully for the Hong Kong Cavaliers, the recreation room and the garden had been left untouched in the attack. -/-/- Three days after the attack, those of the Banzai Institute- both resident and intern- all sat in the cafeteria, enjoying a breakfast prepared by Mrs. Eunice Johnson and her kitchen staff, just like they did every morning. Peggy Banzai, Lady Gillette, Penny Priddy, Big Norse, Mrs. Johnson, Pecos and Rainy Day all sat together at one of the tables. The interns and residents all began to leave the cafeteria to start their jobs and studies all at nine that morning, but the women all stayed in place. When Peggy tried to retreat from the table, the girls all pulled her back down into her chair. Peggy glanced around at the woman she sat with questioningly. \"What's going on?\" she asked hesitantly. \"We all have a surprise for you today,\" Pecos stated simply. Peggy frowned, disappointed. \"I'd love to spend time with you girls, but me and Buckaroo had plans-\" \"Oh, you two still have plans today,\" Lady Gillette interrupted, \"But not what you two planned.\" \"We're taking you to get a new dress!\" Big Norse squealed happily. \"A new dress? I don't-\" \"That's ok,\" Mrs. Johnson reassured, \"You'll get it soon. Now let's get going.\" Before she could attempt to protest any more, Peggy was whisked away before she could even blink. -/-/- \" Buckaroo Banzai!\" The man in question jumped, uncharacteristically, startled by the calling of his name. He had been in his lab, dissecting a braid that had been diseased by a brain tumor; unfortunately for the former owner of the brain, the tumor had been cancerous. The scientist and doctor jumped where he stood at the examination table, knocking over the microscope in front of him, unintentionally throwing his pen from his hand behind hand, and hitting his head on a nearby wall cabinet. \"Oooh,\" Perfect Tommy cringed, \"That backfired.\" \"No kidding,\" Reno Nevada scoffed, back-handing the younger man's shoulder. Buckaroo took off his glasses, let out a deep breath, and began to rub his head in an attempt to soothe his injury. \"To what do I owe the displeasure of this painful meeting, gentlemen?\" he asked, the sarcasm obvious in his voice. Perfect Tommy frowned. \"I don't appreciate that tone, considering what we're doing.\" Buckaroo glared for a moment. \"And I don't appreciate the bump forming on my head.\" The younger man's cheeks turned pink, but he quickly recovered as if nothing happened. \"We're having a Dude's-Morning-Out!\" \"I'll translate,\" Red River Daddy cut in, \"We're spending the morning and afternoon together to help you prepare for something we've all planned for tonight.\" \"Look, guys,\" Buckaroo tried, \"Even though I don't fully known what you're all planning, I appreciate the thought. But I wanted to finish my research this afternoon before I go out with Peggy later on.\" \"Well,\" Rawhide mused, \"This involves Peggy. Not till later, though.\" \"You pretty much have no choice in this,\" Pinky Carruthers interjected. Before he could utter another word of protest, Buckaroo was dragged away from his work and out of the lab. -/-/- Throughout the morning and the afternoon, both Buckaroo and Peggy were dragged around by their friends. She'd been taken to a shop that sold wedding dresses, as well as gowns for bridesmaids. He'd been taken to a store that sold and rented suits and tuxedos accordingly. Neither quite knew why they were there, but both decided to just go along with it all and humor their friends; Peggy chose a simple wedding dress with a layer of lace for decoration over the skirt and torso, a sweetheart neckline, and laced sleeves that ended just at her forearm; Buckaroo chose a three piece tuxedo with a fire engine red vest, a matching red tie, navy blue jacket and pants, and a white shirt. The bridesmaid equivalent dressed were a toned down red, while the groomsmen wore red button up shirts with navy blue vests and ties. There was a ten minute gap in between the return of both groups to the Banzai Institute, one that was planned. As each group took their outfits to their own areas of the Institute, both Banzai's finally questioned their friends what in the world was going on. It was Rawhide and Mrs. Johnson who explained to Buckaroo and Peggy what was happening. Since their original wedding day hadn't gone quite as planned, they'd all arranged a new ceremony and reception at the Institute for them. It was more like a ceremony of renewing vows, since they were still technically married cause she'd never actually passed away like they originally had thought she did, and since he never remarried. Either way, they deserved a makeup wedding and ceremony in celebration of their love and their union of marriage, no questions asked. And with that, both were willingly whisked away to finish getting ready for their wedding. -/-/- Buckaroo stood at the top of the aisle with his hands folded in front of him. Professor Hikita stood with him, a smile on his face. A small band of interns had been organized to play the music for the march; one sat at a keyboard piano, one stood with a guitar in hand, another sat at a small drum set to keep time. The trio played \"Since I Don't Have You\". The wedding party began its procession up the aisle. First up was Pinky Carruthers and Big Norse; then Red River Daddy and Lady Gillette; Reno Nevada and Pecos; Sidney \"New Jersey\" Zweibel and Penny Priddy; Perfect Tommy with Rainy Day on a pair of crutches; and finally, Rawhide as the best man walked with Mrs. Eunice Johnson as the maid of honor. Khonsu-Ra sat with Billy Travers and Yvette in the first row. When Peggy stood at the opposite end of the aisle as the crowd who watched stood to see her, Buckaroo felt his eyes began to tear up a bit. He cleared his throat as he tried to keep his composure, but he let his smile stay and grow. She felt her face glow red as she smiled and began to walk up the aisle to stand at his side. During the ceremony, those of the wedding party chose to sit down in the front row, rather than stand with them the entire time; it was mostly due to Rainy Day sitting to help heal her leg, and them not wanting her to feel bad about being the only one of them sitting. Nearly every intern, resident, and Blue Blaze Irregular (who could make it) occupied the seats. Despite not knowing the bride quite as well as they did the groom- for understandable reasons- each guest knew the story of their original wedding, and felt joy and happiness that filled the air of the room. \"And now,\" Professor Tohichi Hikita said toward the end, \"Would the bride and groom like to share any words or vows?\" Both nodded. He looked to Buckaroo. \"You may go first.\" \"Peggy,\" Buckaroo tried to begin, a smile on his face as he did so, \"My Queen of the Netherlands. These years without you seem like a bad dream, and like I woke up and they never happened. Either way, you came back to me, and I'm not quite sure if you'll know how much it actually means to me that you're back. And, as pointed out by a dear friend and colleague-\" He shot a quick glance at Mrs. Johnson. \"-I shouldn't question it, but rather savor and cherish this second chance that I have with you. I promise to keep you safe; to love you; to take care of you; and to never let you go again. And I'll try not to keep you awake at night working on theories, experiments, songs, or anything else of the sort.\" Peggy chuckled at his last statement. \"Buckaroo,\" she sighed happily, \"I can't even begin to say how much you've done for me all these years. In college, you encouraged me to keep going; you helped me to do all I could and not give up when it got too hard. You taught me what it's like to love, and what it's like to be loved. These last couple of years have not been easy, but knowing in my heart that I'd come back home to my friends and my family, and knowing that you'd be here waiting for me- that's what kept me going. I promise to love you with all of my heart, even when it seems hard- which, when you're working so much, is common. I promise to support you in all your endeavors; to be there when you need me, and even when you don't feel like dealing with me for whatever reason. I promise to keep hold of you like my life depended on it, and to never leave you again. And I'll try not to get so mad when you do keep me up at night while you work.\" Professor Hikita smiled at the vows exchanged by the two. \"You may now exchange rings. Rawhide?\" The cowboy stood from his seat and gave the rings before returning to his seat next to Big Norse. Buckaroo and Peggy did as instructed. \"With that, I pronounce you Man and Wife. You may kiss your bride.\" Buckaroo quickly took Peggy in his arms. She cupped his chin, while he placed his hands gently at the back of her neck. Their lips met, causing clapping, cheering and whistling to be heard from the guests. End of part one. Stay tuned for part two, coming soon. ","Summary":" Expect the Unexpected. Part One: Chapter One. How often does one fake death? What could compel some"},{"Movie":"Casablanca","Title":"All Those Poor Devils","Author":"The Cheshire Cheese","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8006701","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I do not own \"Casablanca.\" I hope to make this story as short as possible, so I'll actually finish it. I am not a noble woman. In the time I spent in Casablanca, I behaved no better than anyone else—the desperate refugees, the crooks who fed on them, the cowardly French policemen who obeyed the Nazis, the indifferent American saloon keeper Rick Blaine—I did as bad or worse than any of them. (Of course none of us were as bad as the Nazis, but I do not count the Nazis as people; my sweet sister Rachel would say they were human beings, only misguided. She's the noble one.) I was only another refugee, drinking away my problems in Rick's Café American, waiting to obtain an illegal exit visa to escape to America. The only thing that, perhaps , made me different from others in that city was that I was an artist. Not a very imaginative one. But I could draw what I saw, and remember it to tell others. I had an artist's curiosity that caused me to ask questions no one else in Casablanca would ask, and I wound up collecting many peoples' stories. Not of anyone terribly important, mind. I never much became involved with the great Victor Laszlo or that beautiful woman who traveled with him, nor Captain Renault or even Rick. I kept myself safely away from \"big\" people. But the refugees and the criminals I came to know very well. I came to Casablanca when I was twenty-six, to await my sister and her children. The Nazis had taken her husband. She and her children were in hiding in the cellar of their Christian neighbors, in Nazi-controlled Poland. I, meanwhile, had been traveling around Europe. I'd left Poland at eighteen to explore Europe, originally to find inspiration for my drawing, but soon I was just trying to avoid the Nazis. I wound up in Casablanca, en route to the Americas. I wrote to my sister, saying that she should bring her son and daughter here as soon as possible, and that I would have the means for us to leave when she did. She wrote back, saying that she would be here as soon as she could. When she would reach Morocco, I had no idea. I came to Casablanca with the clothes on my back, and the money in my purse. I would have to find a place to live for the time being, and a way to pay for it. I didn't know what the market for a sketch artist was in this city. Fortunately, I found an apartment almost right away, with a Frenchwoman named Yvonne Le Fleur. Yvonne was waiting in Casablanca for her wealthy father, a banker, who had sent her there a couple of years earlier. She hadn't heard from him in several months, when I moved in. She worked as a seamstress in the daytime, and spent her nights enjoying the Moroccan nightlife. It was as if there were two of her. When I first arrived at the apartment in the mid-afternoon, and asked Yvonne if I might fill the wanted position of roommate, she was dressed in plain work clothes, with her gold-red hair pined up into a messy bun, having just returned from the market place. We spoke in English, the only language both of us knew. \"Yes of course, come on in.\" Yvonne had a low soft voice made more elegant by her fluid French accent, a voice I admired—almost envied. \"I hope your journey wasn't too troublesome.\" Her courtesy was genuine, but her tired smile was forced. \"I can perhaps help you find work. Come with me to Rick's Café American tonight, and you might find someone. There are always businessmen there, perhaps you can find someone looking for work, Miss…?\" \"Sofia Beckman,\" I said, which was a lie. Yvonne wasn't stupid. She probably knew that the German name didn't match my Polish accent. But perhaps my Jewish features kept her from prying. So she just smiled sweetly and said, \"Pleased to meet you Sofia.\" \"Call me Sofie.\" That evening when Yvonne stepped out of her bedroom, smelling of rose perfume, she was completely transformed. I might have been looking at a movie star, with her glamorous makeup and a glittering white top, her red hair lying in natural curls. Earlier that day, I'd found time to wash my one change of clothes, which consisted of a plain black skirt and a buttoned up white shirt, and my matching black suit coat. I tried to brush my black hair into curls like hers, but failed. I dabbed on some cover-up make-up from my purse, and colored my lips with my three-year-old lipstick, and we were off. The café was like no place I'd ever been before. I heard every sort of accent I knew of, saw people of every color seated at fine tables, and all interacting with each other, as if the differences of their accents or races were of no more consequence than that of their hair color. I felt instantly safe, for it was so unlike the world the Nazis had created. A black man played the piano, in a gold suit, and was cheered by everyone. I tried not to be caught staring, but I'd never seen a black man in person before. I found it remarkable, how un-remarkable he was; just like any other enthused piano player I'd seen, but just some shades darker. Over here sat an Oriental woman, conversing with an Italian man; over there, a French couple was playing cards with an Arab woman in a Moslem headdress. For the first time in many years, I felt no fear about anyone noticing my large Jewish nose or tanned complexion. I fantasized that this might be what the afterlife would be like. It would make sense, all the souls of the world now— My head turned sharply when I heard a German accent mention \"the Fuher.\" Some Nazi soldiers were seated at a table, laughing over some drinks. I gasped and grabbed Yvonne's arm. Yvonne glanced at me, then at the Nazis. \"Yes, they come here too. Everyone comes to Rick's. Don't worry Sofie, they cannot harm you. The French control Casablanca, not the Nazis. Just stay out of their way, and don't be caught doing anything illegal.\" One of the Nazis' heads began to turn, and I looked away before our eyes could meet. I brought my hand up over my nose, pretending it needed a scratch. Yvonne strode slowly to the bar with total confidence. Seating herself at the bar and folding her arms on the counter elegantly, she said to the bartender, \"Hello Sascha.\" The tall lanky man whirled around, and blinked at Yvonne. \"Yvonne!\" he said with an exaggerated enthusiasm. \"You look more beautiful tonight than you ever have!\" his accent was Russian. \"You say that every night Sascha,\" Yvonne gave a laugh. \"Sascha, I want you to meet my new friend Sofie. She is living with me now. I've brought her here to find a job in Casablanca. I'll buy a drink for her and myself.\" \"Oh Yvonne,\" I shook my head, \"You really don't need,\" Yvonne touched my shoulder. \"Yes, you need a drink Sofie. You need to loosen up if you hope to have a decent conversation with any employers. Or anyone else you might need to speak with.\" I could read the subtext. Like a black-market visa broker. Sascha and I were introduced, and I immediately liked him. His had a very comical personality. It wasn't exactly that he told a lot of jokes, just that so much of what he said had that over-the-top tone of voice, and occasionally was accompanied by some silly sound he'd make, like, \"Rick! The Germans—bo-bo-bo-bo-boom!—wish to pay their check!\" I felt at times like I was inside a cartoon short, speaking to one of the silly characters. Not halfway through my drink, I was laughing so hard I could hardly breathe. \"Yvonne, your friend, she is turning lovely colors!\" Sascha said, which made me laugh harder. \"I think I may have killed her!\" Yvonne leaned over the counter and kissed Sascha on the cheek. \"I forgive you.\" What exactly his relationship with Yvonne was, I wasn't immediately sure. They might have been an item, or perhaps just friends who flirted now and then. Whatever the relationship was, Sascha seemed to take it far more seriously than Yvonne did. She laughed at his jokes and smiled at his compliments, but the few she gave back to him seemed half out of humor. Sascha on the other hand scarcely took his eyes off her. The three of us conversed for perhaps an hour, with Sascha running back and forth between sentences to serve other patrons. We got into a discussion about the architecture of Morocco, and I mentioned a beautiful mosque I'd seen earlier that day. This lead to a conversation about going to church. \"I never attend church except on Christmas and Easter,\" Sascha said shaking his head, pouring a drink for a German refugee. \"Church is for getting baptized, married and buried. Are you a churchgoing lady, Miss Sofie?\" I nervously glanced behind me at the Nazis. They were engaged in some enthusiastic conversation, taking no notice of me. \"Aaah,\" Sascha seemed to understand. \"We'll not talk about that subject here. Forgive me.\" I smiled thankfully at him, fiddling with my cloth napkin. I was silent for a while, letting Yvonne and Sascha talk with each other. Yvonne asked Sascha a lot of questions about the café's owner, Rick. If they asked my opinion on something, I smiled and shrugged, or made some sound, pretending to pay attention. I finally cleared my throat. \"I…need to use the restroom…I'll be back.\" I glanced at Yvonne, wondering how I could subtly ask her to come along. Yvonne looked up at me, her face resting on her hand. Her expression changed, as she looked carefully at my face. \"Oh. Yes I…think I will join you.\" She smiled at Sascha and said quietly, \"I'll be back.\" Someone was in one of the stalls when we arrived, so Yvonne and I pretended to check our hair and makeup in the mirrors. After the other woman had washed her hands and left the restroom, Yvonne glanced my way. \"What is it Sofie?\" \"I need exit visas.\" I whispered. \"I don't know how this business is conducted here. How I am to find the right people, how I find out who to trust,\" Yvonne nodded. \"Of course.\" She glanced around, as if to be sure no one was in the room with us. \"I am no expert at this, but I know of at least two names. One is Captain Renault, the French head of police here. He is a good friend of Rick's, I know. What I hear, he charges a fortune for an exit visa, unless the customer is a beautiful lady.\" I turned this over in my mind. Were my sister Rachel in my position, she'd probably have been horrified at the idea. Rachel was the sort who thinks carefully about the meanings of her actions, and whether she'll regret them in the future. I on the other hand…I've never been bothered by many of the same things that others are. I weighted the pros and cons of the situation. I was single, so I felt I had no one to hurt by considering this. Were I to sleep with this Captain Renault, I would obtain the visas for my family, keeping my money for important uses for our journey to America. The experience would also satisfy the sexual curiosity and frustration I'd been feeling for a long time now. And if I should become pregnant, I could simply tell people that my child's father had died in the War. I could still get married someday, give that child a family and…But then, what kind of a person might that child grow to be? I'd have no way of knowing, if I didn't even know the father. I was a risk I'd rather not take. \"Who is the other one?\" I asked Yvonne. \"Ugarte.\" She said. \"He is also a friend of Rick's. He will only accept money, as far as I know. Then again, I doubt he's ever been offered anything else. He's not exactly the tall handsome type, you know. He charges much less than Renault, or so I hear. I would highly recommend seeking him out.\" \"All right,\" I said. \"Can you perhaps point him out to me?\" Yvonne looked to the side, thinking it over. \"I think maybe I'll just tell you now what he looks like, so you can find him yourself. He's not difficult to miss. He spends a lot of time at the Roulette wheel, so try looking there. Or just ask people if they know where he is, he is well known here. He's a small man, around your height. Dark. His eyes,\" she squinted, as if she wasn't entirely sure how to describe him, \"He has very large eyes, sort of sad looking. His voice stands out also…sort of…I don't even know,\" she shook her head. \"What kind of an accent does he have?\" I asked. \"I don't know what kind of name that is, Ugateh…\" \" Ugarte . The name is Italian, I believe. But his accent is Hungarian. I don't know what his story is.\" she shrugged. \"Anyway, just keep your eyes opened for a sad, strange little man, and you'll probably see him.\" I nodded. \"Thank you. Yvonne, thank you so much.\" She looked at me, with her small eyes, and moved her mouth in not-quite a smile. After we exited the restroom, we ran into Rick Blaine. He and Yvonne apparently knew each other. \"Will I see you tonight Rick?\" Yvonne asked hopefully. Rick gently took her chin, and smiled back. \"Can you meet me around ten, and we'll grab a bite to eat?\" The date was set, and then they kissed, on the lips. After they broke apart, Yvonne remembered my presence. \"Oh! Rick. My new roommate, Sofie Beckman.\" \"Please to meet you,\" Rick nodded politely, and we were awkwardly introduced. Sascha called Rick over to the bar with some business. Once the café owner's back was turned, Yvonne looked to the ground sadly, pressing her temple with two fingers. \"Sofie,\" she shook her head. \"What you must think of me. I don't want to hurt Sascha you know. I like Sascha. But Rick, one can't help but love him. Oh you must think I'm—\" \"Yvonne, I don't…it's not my business. Listen, even if I am thinking some things about you, they probably won't last. My first impressions of everyone I meet are always completely wrong, so I put no stock in them anymore. After I've known you for more than one day, maybe then I'll start to criticize you.\" I smiled, in a way I hoped was comforting to her. The corner of Yvonne's mouth made a half-smile for a moment, while she looked away from me vacantly. Yvonne returned to the bar. I meanwhile went to find this Ugarte. I asked around, and soon found Ugarte by the roulette wheel, sipping a drink. I sat among a small crowd of onlookers, watching the game. Observing Ugarte, I took in all I could of what kind of a man he was, and whether I could trust him. He looked positively exhausted, his large eyes always shaded by heavy lids, his eyebrows turned up as though he were worried about something. But he was smiling and socializing with the others in the game, as though nothing were bothering him, so perhaps his face was just naturally carved that way. My first impression of Guillermo Ugarte was that of a quiet, mild-mannered man, probably taking questionable measures to make a living, but otherwise just another refugee, trying to relax and distract himself from the war. That first impression was, as usual, dead wrong. A/N: I've tried to write this in a way that sounds like the way an immigrant woman, whose first language is not English, might say things. But I've edited these first four chapters, to make the narration easier to read; the idea being that the narrator has become better at speaking English years later, so while her dialogue will be written in broken English, her narration will be written more normally. Most of the back-stories about these characters are just based on my own personal speculation. The situation with Yvonne, Rick, and Sascha was inspired by another fanfic writer's story on this website. As for Ugarte's first name being Guillermo, I just took that from what a few sources on the internet say. The woman in this picture is taken from a screencap from the movie (from a website that I believe is public domain). It's a background woman with no name. But she is seen sitting next to Ugarte when the police come for him, and seems to look with concern when he walks away with them. So I've snagged this nameless background character and made her my Mary Su—er, well-developed, original character.[Chapter 2] A/N: Updates on this story will probably be few and far between; but, it looks like my readers will be too, so I assume it won't be a problem. I do not own \"Casablanca.\" Chapter 2: The Visas I remained at a small table near the roulette wheel for most of that night, among a group of spectators. Yvonne, I saw, was now standing near a potted palm tree, still flirting with Rick. I nursed the drink she had brought me, taking the smallest sips every once in a while, so I'd have a prop the whole night; I wanted to look like I fit in, like I was just being sociable. I wanted to start getting to know people, and fast. I had to learn who was who here, who was safe to talk to, and whom to avoid. A tall Frenchman ran the game, calling out numbers in a thick accent. Ugarte was on the side of the table opposite me, so I could see him head-on. I took note of the other players as well. A few French policeman, one of whom wore a special uniform and carried himself like a man who thought himself very powerful—Captain Renault? A Moslem man, with his head covered in a turban and veil-like cloth. Some dark Europeans, whom I guessed to be from either Spain or Portugal, or else Eastern Europe like myself. An Oriental woman, dressed in European fashion. Some seemed carefree, while others looked on the game desperately. I was relieved to find no Nazis around the table, and made a note in my mind to find out if this was always the case. But before that, I'd have to know who I could trust to ask, without arousing suspicion from the wrong people. As my drink relaxed my nervous pounding heart, I began to lose myself in watching these people. Trying to guess the accents I was hearing…looking at the large red flower in the hair of a dark woman sitting in front of me…Senior Ugarte idly lighting a new cigarette on the one still in his mouth, while he gazed around the table with those large tired eyes that- -stopped on mine. We had eye contact for only a moment, and then I quickly blinked back down to my drink. When I peeked up again I found him taking a long drag from his (new) cigarette, giving that slow glance around the room that people give, when they're trying to look at you without you noticing. \"Excuse me, Karl,\" Ugarte said as a doughy waiter with glasses passed by. \"Ah. Another drink already, Senior Ugarte?\" the waiter asked cheerfully. \"N—ah well yes, actually, thank you very much. Just another of this one will be fine.\" He then raised his voice, just loud enough for me to hear, \"I may be expecting some people later tonight. If they ask for me, you can tell them I'll be free after this round.\" I saw Karl's eyes shift, as if he was about to look into the crowd for whomever Ugarte was referring to, but caught himself. \"Certainly.\" He left to fetch Ugarte's drink. All right. So I'd wait out the rest of this round and then discuss my visas with Ugarte. Then I'd know how much money I would need to save up, and what sort of a job I should begin to search for. Perhaps he would even know of some leads for me. After the round ended, Ugarte excused himself from the game and pulled up a chair at my table. \"Excuse me madam,\" he smiled and blinked rapidly, with a staged politeness. \"Is this seat taken?\" Trying to keep my face calm, I scanned the café quickly to be sure no Nazis were watching, then shook my head. \"No, no. Please.\" By the time he'd sat down his innocent cover was gone. His face was now somber, his silken voice low and quiet. \"You need help with papers, I presume.\" I hesitated nervously, then gave a small nod. \"Yes, Signor Ugarte.\" I used his name, just to be sure I had the right man. He took out his cigarette and exhaled. \"How many.\" \"Four,\" I said, barely above a whisper. \"One for myself. One for my sist—\" He furrowed his brow and made a little waving gesture with his hand. \"I do not want details madam—\" My fists tightened on the table, and I hissed, \"—for my sister Rachel and her young children, Anchel and Sarah, who are six and four.\" He glared at me a moment, fiddling with his cigarette. \"These papers are difficult to forge,\" he whispered, almost angrily. \"They take time . And they are not cheap.\" \"How much.\" He told me the price and I grew a tad sick inside. \"… but ,\"he gave a small shrug, \"That is assuming you were to purchase them from Captain Renault,\" and he gestured towards the French captain at the roulette table with an eye-roll I'd never seen on anyone before, nor anyone since knowing Ugarte. \"…or most of our other brokers.\" His eyes rolled again towards someone in the crowd I couldn't see. \" I can get all four of these visas fixed for you for half that price.\" I wondered if I should trust what he said, but then remembered Yvonne's advice. \"How much time would you give me to save up for this?\" \"I am in no hurry. You take all the time you want. I'm going nowhere.\" He lifted his drink to his lips. \"Why not?\" He looked up at me under his eyebrows. \"You can fix an exit visa for yourself any time you want. Why not leave this place and go to America yourself?\" \"Oh I plan to! But why rush.\" Seeing my stare, he added, \"Oh yes, for some people it is a very big rush, excuse me miss. But for me, well I'm in no… immediate danger. Why leave now when I could, eh, help a poor refugee like yourself.\" \"Will you save those visas for me? Until I have the money?\" I leaned forward desperately. \"I won't give them away, but I cannot promise that—\" \"Because if not I am sure that a more expensive broker would—\" \"Be my guest Madame.\" Ugarte said coldly. I watched him rise from his chair, and that mocking politeness returned. \"If you want anything from me, I am in this café almost every night. If I'm not here you can check with Signor Ferrari at the Blue Parrot and he can almost certainly direct you to me. Now if you'll excuse me, I've other business to attend to.\" Watching him return to the roulette wheel, I found myself disgusted with him. I thought him a greedy, bug-eyed weasel, who'd rather stay in this Nazi hellhole Casablanca for the opportunity to suck blood from the Jews and Gypsies and Pols and whomever else, than to go to someplace decent like America. My throat was swelling, and I knew tears would soon come. I hurried back to the ladies room. Locked behind the stall door, I found myself overwhelmed with panic. Rent, food, clothing, exit visas…soap, so I could smell like a normal person and not attract the Nazis with body odor….money for taxis, so I could get around town…where on Earth did Yvonne and the others get their money? I wiped the tears away, and ran through the options in my head. Perhaps Rick, or someone else with a cafe, could use a maid. Perhaps the apartment building Yvonne and I lived in needed a maid. Maybe that Blue Parrot friend of Ugarte's—what was his name?—maybe he knew ways to get money, even if it wasn't legal…Maybe my sketches…I was more than good enough to sell, I'd been doing it already for years. But here in Casablanca, where refugees were selling their jewels and furs to pay for visas and the bare essentials of life, who would spend money on a picture, even a nice one? Perhaps I could play up on the hopeless situation… \"Any one of your family may be dead tomorrow…why not purchase a beautiful picture to remember everyone by?\" I was sickened to find myself even entertaining this idea. Maybe that was just what Casablanca did to everyone, what it had done to Ugarte… A job. Time to start asking around for a job. Time to return to the crowd at the roulette wheel. I asked around the café for leads on jobs, and got a few answers, which I wrote on a paper napkin. When I was too exhausted to continue I asked Sascha for Yvonne. \"She's ah….she's left.\" Sasha said, drying a glass. \"She told me to let you know, not to wait for her if you want to go home. Here,\" he pulled some coins out of his pocket. \"She left this for you, to call a cab if you needed.\" While I pocketed the money, he began whistling a happy tune to himself, obviously trying to distract himself from something unpleasant. Watching him, and knowing Yvonne was undoubtedly with Rick, it made me sad for him. \"Thank you Sascha. You and Yvonne have been been so kind to me tonight, I appreciate it more than you can ever know.\" We bid each other goodnight, and I left. I was numb with fear the entire ride home. I was still so, when walking up the steps to the apartment, seeing a Nazi in every shadow. When I was finally inside the apartment I quickly locked and bolted the door. Then, hesitantly, I removed the bolt, remembering Yvonne would need to get inside. I pulled off my clothes and climbed into bed wearing my underpants (I had come with the clothes on my back, mind), and cried on and off, before falling asleep. My dreams were a jumble of anxieties from the day, and Ugarte's cold indifference tormented me throughout them the entire night. A/N: Cheesy? The narration and dialogue in this story is cheesy? It's based on a black-and-white classic. What did you expect, \"Seinfeld\" dialogue?[Chapter 3] A/N: I do not own \"Casablanca.\" Chapter 3: Yvonne LeFleur Yvonne felt terrible about leaving me alone that night, but I assured her it was the least of my worries. Still, she promised to make it up to me, by helping me find a job. My anxiety over the job search ended only four days after that first night in Casablanca, when Yvonne helped me obtain a position in the market place, stringing beads for a Moslem merchant. Signor Haddad spoke just enough English to instruct me and tell me my pay, but getting to know him as a person would prove difficult, as I spoke no Arabic and he spoke no Polish or German. Still, he was one of the friendlier people I'd come across so far, and I was grateful for that. \"Yvonne I cannot tell you enough, thank you!\" I told my friend, over a glass of water at Rick's Café. (I was not yet prepared to spare money on drinks.) We sat at a small table, along with two friends of Yvonne's: Rita, a young, petite Spanish refugee with thick dark curls, whose husband gambled at the roulette wheel; and Brigitte, a blonde, modestly-dressed French girl, who'd been born in Casablanca. We'd come to the café for supper that evening, and had spent two hours gossiping like schoolgirls. \"You got the job yourself Sofie.\" Yvonne drained her own shot. \"I only referred you.\" \"I wouldn't have gotten it without your reference.\" I grinned, feeling the fabric of my new white dress between my fingers. \"It's so nice, to at last have a fresh change of clothes!\" I leaned over the table, my brown eyes wide with excitement. \"All I have to do is slide those beautiful beads onto strings all day, and avoid the Nazi pigs. And in a month or so I should have the money for that rat Ugarte. Sooner if I can make money off of my sketches.\" Yvonne looked at me, and then looked over my shoulder. \"Rick,\" she smiled, and I realized the café's owner was standing over us, \"Sofie didn't mean anything against your friend,\" \"I don't have friends Yvonne.\" Rick said, unmoved. \"You know that. I'm just checking up on my customers is all. Are you ladies enjoying your evening?\" We assured him we were fine, but it soon became evident that Rick wasn't particularly interested in any of us except Yvonne. She leaned with her arm draped across her chair's back, holding Rick's hand, while he told her how his business was running. Rick made some snide comments about some difficult customers he'd had earlier that day, and Yvonne listened with dazzled eyes, as if listening to some sailor's story. While they flirted, there came an awkward silence among the rest of us. Rita finally turned to me and asked, \"So you sketch Sofie? Let me see!\" I opened my purse and took out my drawing pencils, and some folded scrap paper I'd salvaged from the apartment complex. It was all I needed to treat Rita and Brigitte to a free portrait for each of them. (I did not feel right, at the moment, asking my friends for money.) After Rick broke away from Yvonne to return to his business, she too took interest in my work. Cocking her head over my drawing of Rita, she asked, \"Sofie, can you draw from photographs?\" \"Certainly.\" \"Oh if you could, I would love to have a few, perhaps some time when it's convenient. I'd even pay you.\" Playfully I smacked her arm. \"Oh don't you dare— Oh! \" Someone had collided with my chair, almost knocking me out of it. \"Madame, my most sincere apologies!\" a tall, lanky man with an accent I couldn't identify was patting my arm, with a regretful look on his face. \"Are you alright?\" \"Yes,\" I said. \"Thank you. I, I apologize. Perhaps I should bring my chair closer to the table, in a crowded café like this,\" A dramatic look came over the man's face, and he leaned in close, whispering in a warning voice. \"You cannot be too careful anywhere in Casablanca, Madame. In a crowd like this there are vermin and vultures who would pray on innocent young newcomers like the four of you, and think nothing of it!\" \"I've noticed.\" I said flatly, thinking again of Signor Ugarte. \"But as long as I can avoid the Nazis,\" \"The Nazis!\" With the way his eyes widened, and how he pronounced it \" Nat-zees !\" I had to bit my lip quick and cover my mouth, to keep from giggling. He pointed across the room, and we all turned to look. \"Right there, near the front of the café! The Nazis almost always sit there, and they always keep to their own. Easy to spot, easy to avoid. But the vultures of Casablanca,\" he made a noise through his teeth, shaking his head sadly. Yvonne, Rita, and Brigitte were all watching the strange man, almost as if trying to decide whether or not he was a hallucination. He took no notice of their stares, but looked around the table and made a gesture to us like tipping his hat, though he wasn't wearing one. \"Good day, madams.\" \"Good day,\" I said, in a confused daze. The other girls nodded goodbye, and Yvonne politely corrected him, \"Good night.\" \"What an unusual person.\" Rita said. \"What were we talking about?\" \"Sofie's sketches.\" Brigitte said. \"Sofie please,\" Yvonne said, \"Let me pay you, just something. Money has never been as much of an object for me as for most girls. Won't you let me pay you for a sketch of my father, my mother and my brother. Is that alright?\" \"Well,\" I opened my purse to put back my drawing pencils, and that was when I saw that my wallet was gone. Thank God, most of my money was safe in our apartment. But all I'd had left over after buying dinner that night, all of that was lost. I looked back over my shoulder, trying to find the tall lanky pickpocket, but he had vanished. \"Yes,\" I said slowly. \"Yes you can pay me something if you want.\" When I looked back, all three girls' faces were frozen, staring at my purse. Then they reached quick for their own purses. Rita and Brigitte hadn't lost anything, but Yvonne's bracelet had been taken. \"Those 'diamonds' were glass anyway.\" She said scornfully. \"The joke is on him.\" she looked around the rest of us, and added, \"Of course I wouldn't bring my real jewels to a place like this. Excuse me,\" she left the table and made for the ladies room. I caught Rita and Brigitte exchanging a glance. \"I should check on Marco,\" Rita said, and left to find her husband and the roulette wheel, leaving Brigitte and I alone. \"You don't think those really were diamonds Yvonne lost?\" I asked Brigitte. \"No of course not,\" Brigitte moved a blond curl out of her face. \"Yvonne had to sell most of her real jewels to pay for her apartment, after she stopped hearing from her father. But Yvonne fancies herself a high class lady, and she wants to be treated like one. I play along to keep her happy. If someone can manage to find a bit of happiness here in Casablanca, I'm not about to ruin it.\" \"Yah,\" I nodded thoughtfully. \"Brigitte, what was Casablanca like before the Nazis arrived? Was it a nicer place?\" \"Oh yes, yes, much nicer,\" the French girl gazed vacantly out the window, no doubt seeing an earlier Casablanca in her mind. \"Of course the world always seems nicer when we are children, I suppose. But the fear, the terror that the Nazis have brought here, there was none of that. My mother and father cried, when we heard on the radio that France had surrendered…\" her eyes were glistening. \"After we became used to the fear, these refugees began pouring in from every corner of the world, and then the guilt came.\" Without moving her head, Brigitte's eyes darted around the café, at the various refugees. \"We enabled this, France did.\" Guilt. That was something I knew little about, at the time. As a Jew, in that time and period in history, I was used to always being the victim. The feeling of responsibility for someone more threatened than myself, well that was a feeling I had not been introduced to until quite recently. Not until I'd come to Casablanca and realized I had to save my little sister and her children. \"I suppose,\" I said to Brigitte, \"You feel as if your home country failed the world.\" A thin tear was trailing down her cheek. \"Oh Brigitte, I did not mean to—\" Brigitte shook her head and wiped the tear away. \"Do not apologize.\" she smiled weakly. \"It is those stinking Nazis that ruined everything.\" \"So just don't upset them.\" Yvonne's had returned. She moved around the table to pick up her coat. \"I plan to simply stay on their good side, until…\" \"Until what?\" I said flatly. Yvonne popped one eyebrow and shrugged. \"I'm tired. Are you two staying?\" We both said no, and joined Yvonne to leave. I watched Yvonne kiss Rick goodnight, holding on to his hand a moment before parting. Brigitte lived with her parents in an apartment across the street from our complex, so we all shared a cab and split the cost. In the cab, Yvonne boasted to the driver about her relationship with the café's owner. \"It is a nice café,\" the driver said conversationally. \"I have many times been there with my wife.\" \"It's more than nice,\" Yvonne was watching the city, outside the window. \"It is the center of the city! Everybody comes to Rick's. Rick knows everyone worth knowing in Casablanca.\" I turned to Brigitte (I sat in the middle, between the two French women), and saw her looking away, almost rolling her eyes. When we reached home, Yvonne stepped out of the cab with the air of a queen exiting a carriage, holding her coat around her like it was an elegant fur. She waved the driver goodnight and thanks. Brigitte bid us goodnight politely, but clearly had much her mind. I ran a quick Hebrew prayer through my mind for her, though what exactly I was praying to happen for her, I did not know. \"He looks quite different from you,\" I said without looking up from my work. Yvonne and I were in our bedroom, our beds on opposite walls. I sat on my bed, with a large old book propped on my lap, serving as a drawing board. It was close to midnight, but neither Yvonne nor myself were tired. I'd already drawn a picture of her father, and was now working on one of her brother. He seemed a few years older than Yvonne, with dark, almost black hair. He wore a French soldier's uniform. \"He is really my half-brother,\" Yvonne was folding up her clothes, now wearing her nightgown. \"But Christophe has been a brother to me my entire life. His mother died giving birth to him, and our father remarried to mine shortly after. She died only a few years ago. Papa and Christophe are both very protective of me,\" she sat down on the bed, and lit up a cigarette. \"Would you care for a cigarette Sofie?\" \"Hmm? Oh…thank you, but not now while I'm drawing.\" I was finished mapping out her brother's facial proportions on the paper, and started now on the eyes. Yvonne turned her head towards the window to exhale her smoke, so as not to get ash near my drawing. \"Christophe says in his letters that he's hoping to transfer to Casablanca, to watch over me. But first he hopes to help secure our father's release from prison.\" I stopped drawing, and looked up at her. Yvonne was still facing towards the window. \"Prison?\" I asked timidly. \"What kind of, of prison?\" She gave a small shrug. \"Just the local jail. His loyalties are being questioned, since he has many times spoken out against the Nazis.\" She swallowed. \"He's been ill, Christophe says.\" I blew some pencil dust from the paper. \"When they come to Casablanca, will you all get on a plane to Lisbon and leave?\" \"I don't know yet,\" she twirled her cigarette a bit. \"I do not know what they plan to do, or what Rick plans to do. You know I've told Christophe about Rick in my letters, and he says Rick sounds like a great man. Just the sort of man who could keep me safe, and provide for me.\" Were Yvonne and Rick that close? It seemed to me that their relationship had been only a casual flirt. \"Have you and Rick been together long?\" \"Not yet. But Sofie,\" Yvonne turned and looked at me, her face serene. \"I love him. He is the best man I have ever met. Handsome. Chivalrous. He owns himself. No one tells him what to do. Even the Nazis.\" This I doubted, but I said nothing. \"He treats me like a lady , Sofie.\" Yvonne furrowed her brow. \"You know how long it has been, since I have been treated like a real lady? When I first came to Casablanca I was no longer the daughter of Gy LaFleur. I was just another refugee, a lone girl with nothing. But now that I am with Rick, I feel like Yvonne LaFleur again.\" Carefully, and without looking up from my work, I said, \"When we met, Yvonne, I didn't know where you came from. But I knew that you were beautiful, and that you owned yourself. You carry yourself like a lady. I'm sure anyone could see that,\" \"But I am so, because of Rick,\" Yvonne assured me. \"Well Sascha…he treats us like we are ladies,\" I knew it shouldn't concern me, but I my curiosity was burning, as was my concern for the poor bartender who had been so kind to me. After a moment of silence, Yvonne said, \"Sascha is a sweet man. He was the first person to welcome me to Casablanca. I cannot help but to enjoy his company. At times, I almost wish…\" her eyes twitched thoughtfully. She leaned back on the bed, staring at the ceiling. \"Sofie what about you? Where do you come from?\" I licked my lips, wondering how much I should reveal to her. \"I was born in Poland. Most of my family…lived there. I left to travel Europe, and just sell my art.\" I began scribbling in the black of Christophe's hair, in the picture. \"I lived cheap. Small apartments, sometimes a roommate. But it was fine for me. I thought my family would be safe in Poland.\" I didn't look up at Yvonne, but I saw her shadow on the floor. She was listening, still as a statue, the smoke trailing slowly from her cigarette. \"When living in France—before the Nazis invaded—I received a letter from my little sister Rachel. The Nazis were passing all sorts of new laws in Poland. My parents had been taken by the Nazis, and no one had again heard from them. She wrote to me the whispers she'd heard, of the concentration camps. That was where our parents went. Two old people. The Nazis were rounding up Jews, randomly selecting people from homes and ordering that they report to be sent away. Rachel's husband Vladek—I knew him a little, he was a nice man, and I considered him a friend. He loved to argue, Vladek. When I came to visit he and I would argue politics, and about which pictures were the best in theaters.\" The barest hint of a smile touched my face. \"But he argued also with the Nazis when they tried to take him away. Rachel said in her letter that they shot him, right there in the street. In front of her and the children. The neighbors.\" I shook the remaining pencil shavings off of the portrait. \"There, finished.\" Yvonne slowly came down from the bed, to look at my work. \"It looks just like him,\" she smiled. \"I will look to buy a frame, for all of these pictures.\" She looked uncomfortable as we climbed into bed. \"I must seem despicable,\" Yvonne said out of the blue. I rolled over to face her. \"What?\" \"Here you are, trying to save your family. And I'm just sitting here waiting for mine to come save me.\" \"Yvonne I don't find anyone despicable except the Nazis.\" After another silence, Yvonne asked me, \"Sofie, have you ever been in love with two people?\" \"I…my preferences in men are….different. The men I find interesting enough to be with a few and far between. I don't think I would find two such men at once.\" I suddenly realized that this could be taken the wrong way, that Yvonne might think I was implying something about her character. \"But I have had plenty of friends who have fallen in love with two men at once, yes,\" I lied. \"It is not uncommon. It happens.\" Yvonne made a sound, and nothing more was said that night. Whether I'd succeeded in comforting her, I couldn't tell. I tried to make myself understand what Yvonne must have been feeling, so I wouldn't judge her harshly. But try as I might, I couldn't picture it. To be treated like \"a lady\" since childhood, instead of a \"dirty Jew.\" To find two men in right in the same café who perked your interests, and who were both interested in you. For a girl like me, homely looking and with such odd tastes, the concept was neigh impossible to grasp. I felt...almost a bitterness , like Yvonne was a spoiled brat who had everything. Beauty, money, admirers. But no, that was wrong. She was fearing for her family, just as I did mine. And all she had done for me….I owed Yvonne everything. And no matter what she did, no matter how many men she flirted with and took advantage of, I decided I would not allow myself to care. To judge a person for that, when there were Nazis around, it was laughable. I wouldn't judge anyone anymore, no matter how despicable—not Yvonne; not Rick, with his indifference to the War; not even that greedy slime ball Ugarte—as long as they weren't with the Nazis. And that thought helped me sleep better than I had in weeks.[Chapter 4] I do not own \"Casablanca.\" If I did, Peter Lorre's role would have been much bigger! I also do not own \"The Maltese Falcon,\" from which I borrowed a few elements for Peter Lorre and Sydney Greenstreet's character (no, not the gayness, just some lines and facial expressions). Chapter 4: Guillermo Ugarte Three weeks into my stay in Casablanca, I had fallen into a routine. I worked with those beads in the market place six days a week. Signor Haddad did not force me to, but I chose it; the job was easy, and I needed as much money as I could take. When shop closed up at sundown, I would return to the apartment and clean myself up. Yvonne usually was asleep when I got home; her work hours were about the same as mine, but she liked to stay out later than I did, so she caught her sleep up between work and Rick's Café. If I wasn't feeling sociable, I would stay home and do some chores around the apartment, and sketch. Yvonne would wake up soon after I arrived and doll herself up for Rick's Café, and while she did we'd talk a bit. Then she'd leave, and not return until I was asleep. But at least twice a week, when I just needed to forget about everything, I would go with her. I'd get out the few items of clothing that I had, and she'd help me to arrange an outfit. On this particular Friday, I settled on a dark blue suit-dress with a white flower over one breast. Yvonne styled my hair, rolling some of it over my forehead, and we walked to Rick's café. The walk was twenty minutes, but it wasn't very dark yet. Casablanca, at this hour, did not frighten me. I enjoyed these walks, looking at the Moslem buildings and the melting pot of people bustling about. I remember how the light from the street lamps bounced off the glistening black dress Yvonne wore. Most of the policemen on the streets were French, at least at this hour, so that too made me more comfortable. \"Keep an eye out ladies,\" Sascha warned us, as he poured our shots. \"Your pickpocket is here tonight. He made for the roulette wheel, not five minutes ago.\" \"Talking about the roulette wheel,\" I mused, \"Is Signor Ugarte down there yet, do you know?\" \"I believe so,\" Sascha said casually. He didn't ask me what business I wanted with Ugarte. I gave a small nod. \"I'll be back.\" I took my drink, and casually made my way to the roulette wheel. I now had the money for two exit visas, right in my pocket. I hoped to purchase them from Ugarte now, so that I would at least have ensured passage to America for my young niece and nephew. My hatred for Ugarte, as intense as it had been at first, had now lessened into practically nothing. As I had socialized more and more around the cafe, I'd come to realize that no one could provide a quality letter of transit for every one of these poor refugees, not without some kind of payment to keep it up. I only hoped that Ugarte would speak more kindly this time than the last, or I might lose all of the confidence I'd worked so hard to gain. \"No, I am not betting all of it, not tonight,\" Ugarte was leaning over the table, reaching into his pocket for some money. \"I have payments to make, yet.\" \"You won't risk it, even for the chance to win all of this?\" an Italian gambler taunted. Ugarte gave a short, raspy chuckle. \"If I wish to risk having my right hand chopped off, perhaps.\" The other gambler apparently understood what this meant. \"Say no more, say no more!\" I leaned against a pillar and sipped my drink, trying to meet Ugarte's eyes but failing. When it came Ugarte's turn to make a move in the game, that pickpocket was there, leaning over him. \"If you want my advice mousier,\" the pickpocket threw his long arm around Ugarte, \"I would recommend that you…\" his voice trailed off, as Ugarte slowly rolled his sad-looking eyes up at him. It was a sarcastic expression, one which said he was saddened and exhausted by the pickpocket's stupidity. \"But of course,\" the pickpocket added, \"If you don't want my advice…\" Ugarte gave the pickpocket that rapid blinking expression of his, as he took a drag from his cigarette, then made his point by blowing some smoke into the pickpocket's face. The pickpocket backed away and bowed politely, before hurrying away from the table. The Frenchman running the game asked Ugarte how much money he wanted to bet for this round. \"Let's see what I have,\" Ugarte stuck his hand into his back pocket, and froze. His face fell, and for a second his eyes looked so sad, I felt sorry for him. Then they narrowed, thoughtfully, and he composed himself. \"Excuse me, I ah, have something to take care of. I'll be back for the next game.\" Ugarte calmly left the table, not bothering to pick up his hat. I set down my drink and followed him. At first I was just hoping to catch up to him, and ask if we could speak later tonight. But the closer he came to the doorway of the café, the quicker and more determined his pace became. I wondered if he knew I was following him. But then I saw the pickpocket standing near the doorway, speaking to the doorman. He glanced Ugarte's way, and then suddenly bid the doorman goodbye and hurried onto the street. Ugarte hurried out the door with long strides, and once he hit the street he bolted. For a thousand and one reasons, I had to follow. The pickpocket turned down an alley, before any of the police on the streets could take notice of him. Ugarte chased after him, and I chased Ugarte. By the time I reached the alley, the pickpocket was out of sight. Ugarte was standing with his back towards me, looking both ways across the street on the other side. He held something in his right hand…. I ducked quickly behind a pile of Arabic-styled baskets lined along one wall. I saw Ugarte's shadow slowly come back down the alley. I didn't look up. Suddenly, he grabbed one of the baskets and threw it, with such force that it bounced off the opposite wall. Several other baskets tumbled out of place. In my shock I turned, and saw Ugarte grab the pickpocket by the lapels; the thief had been hiding under that pile of baskets. Ugarte slammed him against the wall, taking no notice of me. I stood and backed away quickly, against the opposite wall. The pickpocket saw me, but didn't pay me much mind. Ugarte was pressing something against the pickpocket's ribcage, and in the shadows on the ground I saw it was a pistol. \"You took something of mine.\" Ugarte's voice was low and flat, as his fist tightened around the pickpocket's shirt. \"I want it back. Now .\" \"Y-yes, of course,\" the pickpocket stammered. \"Right, here, yes,\" he moved his hands toward his own pocket… …and then grabbed Ugarte's wrist. The pickpocket yanked Ugarte's arm up, twisting his wrist, so that the smaller man gave out a loud raspy whimper. He wrenched the gun from Ugarte, and clubbed him in the face with it. He then threw both Ugarte and the pistol to the ground. The pickpocket stepped over him with his lanky legs, and gave me a happy nod. \"Evening madam,\" he said, before sprinting out of the alley. Ugarte lay there in a crumbled heap, squeezing his wrist, while blood flowed from his nose. His eyes were squeezed shut, looking agonized and defeated. I truly pitied him there, despite how much anger he had caused to me, and despite how frightened I had been of him only moments before. You must think it strange, for me to feel so sorry for a crook like him. But you know, I was an artist, so befriending questionable people was really nothing new for me. Ugarte was just a crook of a higher level than I was used to. I walked across the alley to where his gun lay, my heels clopping against the cobblestone. I gingerly picked up the pistol—I'd never handled a gun before. I held it on its side with the barrel pointed away from me. Odd , I thought, that the pickpocket had just left the gun, instead of stealing it. Very odd. Ugarte gave a start when he noticed me. He was looking at the gun in my hand. \"S-Signor Ugarte. You, ah, dropped this,\" I said stupidly, and extended it to him. It occurred to me that had I wanted to, I could have demanded my four exit visas at gunpoint. That was probably what Ugarte had expected. His eyes twitched suspiciously, and he didn't move. Not certain what else to do, I lifted one large pocket in his cream-white suit and tucked the gun inside. \"I wanted to speak to you about my letters of transit, Signor.\" I kept my voice low, and absent of emotion. \"I have now the money to pay for two of them. I would like to purchase them as soon as possible, instead of waiting to have all four them all at once. May I do that?\" His face relaxed a bit, and he looked away from me. \"If I'm not dead tomorrow…\" The payment he had to make. I folded my hands across my lap, and looked at him inquisitively. \"I thought it was only going to be your right hand.\" \"Perhaps... It depends on his mood.\" \"On whose mood?\" Ugarte said nothing. Groaning, he rolled over and pushed himself up with his good hand. \"…is not the business for women to be involved with,\" he mumbled. \"I can tell him,\" I assured him. \"I'm a witness. I'll tell him you were robbed. Then he can chop off the pickpocket's right hand, instead of yours.\" The idea of that actually sickened me, and I hoped to God that the pickpocket would never get caught. I took out my handkerchief, and handed it to him. \"Let me go with you. Would he hurt a woman?\" Ugarte pressed the handkerchief against his bloodied nose. \"No. No, he never…His quarrel is only with other criminals, like myself. He won't harm you, I'll take you to him.\" Without looking at me he stuck out his free arm. Awkwardly, I hooked my arm around his, and he led me down the street. As we walked, he spoke quietly to me. His odd silken voice felt even softer so close to my ear, it was almost enchanting. \"You are to ask no questions—\" he shut his mouth, as we passed a French policeman. \"Speak only when spoken to. And avoid certain subjects. He disdains non-Italians, and is not fond of Jews,\" he eyed my face warningly. \"Fortunately for you, he has a soft spot for women. But even so, you should say nothing of this night to anyone, ever, for as long as you wish to live.\" \"Yes,\" I said curtly. \"I understand.\" I had to wonder if Ugarte was really trusting me, a woman he barely knew, with something so secretive…or if he was only saying this to ensure that I behaved the way he wanted me to. Either way, I decided to obey him. He took me to a building that seemed, for lack of a better word, primitive. It was built from clay or plaster, with a crudely constructed canopy of thick sticks over the doorway. A parrot sat in a circular swing, just above the doorway. The building's name was written in English: \"The Blue Parrot.\" I found this name a bit ironic, given that the mascot pruning its feathers on that swing was green. I loved animals, and I reached with one hand to touch the bird. Ugarte suddenly grabbed my arm, and glared fiercely at me under his tired eyelids. I quickly withdrew my hand. Satisfied, he led me through the doorway, through a waterfall of beaded chains. The Blue Parrot was another café, but one that served quite a different company than Rick's. My eyes and nose were hit instantly with the incense and drugs that filled the air. Most of the staff seemed to be Arab, and worked tirelessly, almost fearfully. The patrons were mostly middle-aged white men, with Italian accents. They spoke loudly and crudely, and I heard many curse words. The only other females I saw were a few questionable looking women sitting with much older male companions, and a young Arab girl dancing in the corner, in a costume that was very extravagant but also very small. I knew, now, what kind of business Ugarte was involved with. Ugarte motioned to an Arab waiter, and spoke rapidly to him in Italian. Hearing an already beautiful language, on that silken voice… I was jerked out of my girlish thoughts, as Ugarte took me to a small table under a window. He had me sit down next to him, leaving the seat across from us empty for the man he was to speak with. Gold streetlight cast a shadow of the blinds from the window, over us both, reminding me of bars in a prison. Ugarte checked the handkerchief I'd given him. (His nose had stopped bleeding.) He folded it up and kept it clasped in his hand, on the table. The striped shadows from the blinds were blocked out, as an enormous man took a seat at our table. I recognized him, having seen him often in Rick's Café. At the moment I couldn't recall his name, and I'd never before spoken to him. He was European, tall, and extremely fat (fatter than an American, even). He wore a red fez hat, that I thought looked quite comical on him, but I held my tongue. He gave me a serious glance, then looked at Ugarte…accusingly? \"Ugarte,\" the man spoke with a crisp English accent. \"I hope you don't expect me to accept this as your payment to me?\" his small eyes darted again my way. Ugarte grabbed my arm tightly, and he looked at the large man with fury in his eyes—even a hint of a snarl. How sweet! \"Signor Ferrari,\" Of course, that was his name . \"This woman witnessed me lose my money to a thief in the streets. She insisted that I allow her to tell you what she saw, so you wouldn't have to take my word for it.\" The fat man chuckled. \"A wise decision on your part, Ugarte. Your word is certainly not worth much. I would trust the words I hear my parrot squawking over most of what you say.\" Ferrari turned then to me. \"I will not ask your name miss, as I do not expect to be speaking much to you again after tonight.\" I grew cold with fear. Ferrari's mouth did not move, but he frowned at me with his eyes. \"Come now, I meant only that you are not involved in my business, and that I do not expect you and I to cross paths again. I'm sure after you leave, Ugarte will fix you a visa for America, and you'll be safe and sound in no time. Assuming that is, that you can convince me to spare this little weasel's life.\" I opened my mouth to speak, but closed it, not sure if I'd been given permission to say something. \"You have my permission to speak, miss.\" Ferrari said, still staring me in the eye. \"Tell me what you saw when Ugarte was robbed.\" I swallowed. \"I was standing near the roulette wheel. I saw Ugarte gambling.\" I quickly added, \"But I heard him clearly say, he could not gamble all if it. He said, 'I cannot bet all of it tonight, I have a payment to make yet.' He said it to an Italian gentleman, short man with glasses, in a pinstriped suit, so you may ask him if you wish. He was balding…ah, tanned skin…\" \"How very precise you are,\" Ferrari was watching me with one eyebrow arched high. \"Go on.\" I described then the rest of what I'd seen, leaving out no details at all, except for the schoolgirl feelings I'd had for Ugarte's eyes and voice. When I reached the part about Ugarte being beaten by the pickpocket, Ferrari laughed again, longer this time. I made to go on with the story, but Ferrari motioned for me to stop, still laughing. \"No no, this is more than enough.\" He pressed his hand against his temple, and I actually heard him snort with laughter. \"That is too much like Ugarte. If he had fabricated some lie for you to tell me, I'm sure he would have been robbed and beaten by ten Nazis, after killing one or two of them of course. Oh Ugarte…you aren't much use for me, but you are a character. Quite a character.\" He composed himself. \"Well, I keep a parrot around for simple amusement. Why not a rat.\" He pushed himself up from the table (a feat that must have taken much strength). \"I'm giving you an extra week to bring me the money, Ugarte, just because I so enjoyed that story. Go back to Rick's café and try to gamble some of it back.\" Ugarte and I stood up from the table. Ugarte gazed slowly up at Ferrari, his expression blank, and nodded. We then left the Blue Parrot. It was pitch black now outside, above the streetlamps. I took Ugarte's arm, and he glanced at me, apparently having forgotten for a moment that I was there. \"I don't know very well, this part of the city,\" I said. He moved his arm for me to hook mine around, and he led me down the street, at a much slower pace that when we'd arrived. Few people were now on the streets. Most of the questions I wanted to ask him, I did not want to say in the presence of these policeman and sparse night goers walking about. \"What you said, earlier tonight,\" I asked quietly, and took notice of a French officer nearby. \"The book you wanted to sell to me. As I said, I have the money. May I have it tonight?\" \"I'll have to fetch it from my apartment.\" Ugarte's voice was even more quiet and calm than usual. \"I'll walk you back to Rick's, and meet you up with it later tonight.\" No, oh no you don't, you little tit. I was going to have those two visas right now, I was going to watch him fill them out and make sure they were legitimate. \"Why not let me make for you some coffee or something, while you, while you look for the book,\" I offered, my voice light. Slowly he looked at me, his brow furrowed. \"I make good coffee,\" I said, which I thought was true. \"And I would very much like that book, as soon as possible. Even if I have to wait a bit for you to find it. I want to be sure, you understand?\" His eyes darted around my face for a moment, and for some reason, the rest of my body too. At the time, I was far too distracted to consider what this meant. He muttered something in, I think, Hungarian. It was the tone of voice people use when saying something like \"What the hell,\" or \"why not.\" Ugarte looked at me, then moved his head towards the left, working one eyebrow. \"I live down that way, only a block from here. Between Rick's and Ferrari's cafes. Very convenient location…\" I smiled to myself. Ugarte's apartment was a pigsty, and I was immediately comfortable stepping inside; it was exactly the opposite of the strict order of the Nazis. And that, I realized, that was part of why I found myself drawn to Ugarte. His small stature, soft voice and relaxed-looking eyes, so unthreatening and non-masculine… and his dark odd face, so unlike \"Aryan perfection.\" In this apartment with Signor Ugarte I felt farther away from Hitler than I had in months. Ugarte showed me to his coffee pot and said, \"You can make the regular kind with the caffeine, I'm a night owl.\" As he spoke, he lit up a new cigarette. This had been the longest I'd ever seen him without one in his mouth. \"All right,\" I made to start on the coffee, but waited to watch what Ugarte was now doing. He was headed towards his closet, removing his suit coat (it was hot in this apartment, and he had no fan). It was one of those long coat closets, which took up an entire wall. \"Well go on,\" he said, and I realized he didn't want me to be looking when he got the visas. I turned away and started on the coffee. I heard Ugarte open his closet, and do some rummaging. I did not hear anything to suggest he had a safe in there, so I assumed he had them hidden in a loose brick in the wall, or under a floorboard. When I was finished and left the coffee to brew, Ugarte was seated at a small table in the middle of the room, working on the two letters of transit. I watched him forge the signatures, and fill out the information. He signed the signatures first on a scrap piece of paper, which had already been used for this many times. When he had it down well, he carefully did it finally on the exit visa. He glanced up at me between writing. \"This may take a bit, Madame.\" I stood still by the coffee pot, and looked around. It was a one room apartment, with a water closet. A small bed stood against the wall near the door, unmade. Clothes were piled around here and here, as well as newspapers. A few pictures were pinned to the wall, of locations from Italy, America, and some other places. They looked like they'd been cut from newspapers or books. After Ugarte finished the visas I offered him the money, but he stopped me with his hand. \"Just the coffee now, please.\" Wondering what was going through his head, I poured us both some coffee. I did not have work for Signor Haddad the next day, as Saturday was a holy day for his people, and his bead shop was not opened then. So I had no need to be going to bed early tonight. Over my coffee I looked to a picture of a chapel, on the wall. \"Where is that chapel?\" \"Hungary.\" Ugarte removed his cigarette from his mouth and exhaled, to make room for a sip of coffee. He told me the name of the church, but through his thick accent I couldn't tell what he'd said. \"…always I attended that church as a child. My mother insisted.\" \"You're not Italian then?\" I asked, sipping my own coffee. I realized I hadn't made it very well at all, and hoped Ugarte either didn't notice or didn't mind. \"My father was Italian, my mother Hungarian. My father wanted that we should stay far from his business in Italy until we were older, so he had us all live in my mother's home country.\" \"You were born into the Mafia, then?\" I asked, far too casually. \"Yah.\" He looked up at me with a mischievous grin, and spoke now like he usually did in Rick's café—like he thought himself very impressive. \"My father was Drago Ugarte, you've heard of him?\" \"No,\" I shook my head. Not wanting to spoil it for him, I added, \"I have never much been around Italy.\" And that was true. \"Was your father well known there?\" The impressed voice with which I asked the question was not true. \"Very much so,\" he glanced down towards his coffee, running his finger along the rim thoughtfully. \"He was his don's favorite. He was with him in every business deal they did. Anyone who displeased the don, my father taught to them a lesson. He was one of the most feared killers in Italy,\" his eyes widened with excitement here. \"My brothers and I, he got for us positions in the business. He said we did good. He said I was the cleverest of the three of us.\" But his face then fell, and that low flat tone returned to his voice. \"He never lived to see me kill anyone.\" He took a drag from his cigarette. \"That is…sad.\" I said, feeling very confused. I took a long sip from my coffee. The flavor wasn't good, but it was at least warm. \"What sort of person would you wish he could see you kill?\" I asked it offhandedly, as if we were just talking about the weather. Ugarte shrugged. \"Whomever. Enemies, people who back-stabbed on deals. It's just part of the business you know.\" It was all I could do not to say, I don't know. \"But I'm close to it, mind you. I've had my share of victories already. Tonight what you saw, with that thief, I could not shoot him right there, where everyone would hear the gunshot. But I've sent many men to the doctor, who double-crossed me. This man in Venice once—this back when I was very young, in '25— he tried to pick, then, my pocket. I broke his wrist, and his jaw, and dropped him then into the canal.\" He gave that raspy chuckle again, grinning like a Cheshire cat. \"I watched the poor devil climb out of the canal, only to be greeted by the police, and a few visiting Nazis.\" The mention of the Nazis left me unsettled. But wait one moment… \"Nazis?\" I frowned. \"But you said this was in the 1920s. There were Nazis already, in Italy then?\" Ugarte stopped, his coffee almost to his mouth. His eyes shifted as he tried to come up with an excuse. \"…perhaps I'm confusing it with another event,\" he finally said lamely. \"You are the last-born, aren't you.\" He tapped excess ash off his cigarette. \"Does it show?\" I smiled and shrugged. Yes, it showed. A firstborn, I thought, would probably have a cold indifference to figures of authority, having grown up with no role models to impress. I was certain it contributed to my own disinterest in fulfilling others' expectations. But the way Ugarte seemed so used to worming his way under powerful figures like the Nazis, the police and Signor Ferrari, rather than just confronting them head-on; the way he so desired to be thought of as a strong killer, longing to impress people; how I'd so often seen him use his big innocent-looking eyes to try to get what he wanted from others; it all screamed \"little brother\" to me. Obviously, it wouldn't be a good idea to tell him this. So I simply said, \"I have a younger sister, so I can tell.\" How we wound up from his table to his bed, I cannot remember in full. I think it started though when we were standing by his wall, looking at the picture of Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty, talking about what we hoped to do in America. I confessed to him that I was a Jew, and he smiled at that. \"The Jews,\" he said, \"I never knew nothing of your kind until coming to Casablanca. The only time I heard the word 'Jew' was when I was a naughty child, and my mother threatened to sell me to the Jews, when it wasn't the Gypsies of course.\" That made me giggle. He placed then his hand on my shoulder, near my neck, feeling my hair. \"But in America you know, my kind does business with yours all the time, so I hear.\" \"What, the Mafia?\" I asked curiously. \"Certainly. It seems you people are very well trusted with banking and such things.\" He looked then at me, very serious. \"You know we all hate the Nazis, as badly as you do. The Mafia, we came about in the first place to protect poor devils like yourself from corrupt monsters like them.\" To my surprise, he was using that low flat voice, like maybe—just maybe—he was actually speaking the truth . \"Is that true?\" I asked. \"Killing without reason, without a speck of honor, women and children, my father hated them. I hate them. It's something even the fiercest of crooks shouldn't consider. And of course, we don't appreciate uninvited guests in our home country.\" By this he was referring to the Nazi's occupation of Italy. Looking away from him a moment, I said with absolute clarity and honesty, \"If given the chance, I would kill a Nazi, and I would think nothing of it. If you want to kill someone Ugarte, you should make it a Nazi. If you killed a Nazi I should not lose a wink of sleep over it.\" \"Guillermo.\" He said, taking my chin, and then kissed me. I remember when I asked my sister Rachel, after she married Vladek, what it was like. She said that the first time you do it, it is not romantic like the stories all say. She said it hurts, and it's probably going to be embarrassing. She was not lying. Only a few seconds in I pleaded for Ugarte—Guillermo—to stop. He did, and waited, while I took deep breaths. He offered me something to drink, that might calm me down and take off the pain, but I shook my head no. \"I'm in no rush,\" he said looking away. \"If tonight is not a good night, Sofie Beckman,\" \"No, now. I want it now.\" I said determinedly, and pulled him back close. \"And it's Tova. Tova…\" I almost told him my real last name as well, but stopped. It still hurt, but I pretended it didn't. I had to know what it was like, pleasure be damned. I had to have this knowledge, to forever look back on, like Rachel had with Vladek. I also felt obligated to cheer up poor Guillermo's night. And his touch, I couldn't say no to. For all the unpleasantness I was feeling between my thighs, he made up for it with his hands, on my face and torso. His hands moved just like his voice, unnaturally smooth and soft. He was not new to this, like me. I half woke up early that morning, while it was still dark; my eyes were opened a moment, but my mind was still asleep. I lay in the bed, in a tangle of blankets and our clothes. Guillermo was tying on a maroon robe. He stroked my cheek and hair, then moved to the closet to get something. I remember my tired mind thinking, Oh, he's making his own coffee now, even though that thought made no sense at all. I drifted back to sleep. The sunlight woke me hours later. I stretched, cracking my back, then my knuckles, every joint in my body. As I moved to stretch my legs, I noticed something over the blankets, on my lap. Papers. I picked them up, the letters of transit—all four of them. Guillermo was dressed already in an olive-green suit, working on some more fake exit visas at the table. I sat up, not bothering to cover my small breasts in his presence. \"You do not want to be paid? You're just giving them to me?\" He looked at me as if I'd made a joke. \"Funny, Tova. Very amusing.\" He shook his head back down to his work, laughing a little. I only sat there. \"I don't understand.\" \"My dear,\" he finished one signature on a visa, with a quick swish of his pen. \"It's done. You can drop it now, the charade.\" Now I pulled the blankets up, covering myself. I breathed quick, frightened, not understanding what he was accusing me of. \"I don't understand,\" my voice was cracking, \"What have I done?\" Slowly, he looked back up at me, his big black eyes so confused. They darted from me, down to the visas, back and forth. \"What you, you….you followed me here last night, just because you wanted to? Because you found me handsome ?\" he laughed ironically. I grew numb, as it all fell together. What he'd thought I was doing, that entire night, right from the moment I offered to follow him home and make him some coffee. Perhaps even earlier, when I came to him in that alley, and followed him to the Blue Parrot. What else in the world could he have thought? Shaking, I looked down to check that the four visas were all well done. I was no expert on this, but they looked all correct. I made a mental note to have them double-checked with someone. Still trembling, I rose from the bed and dressed myself. Tears streamed down my eyes. I moved quickly to the door, and walked briskly out of Guillermo Ugarte's apartment without closing it behind me, wiping my eyes. A/N: I solemnly swear to do all I can to prevent this from dissolving into a perfect, Mary Sue romance. Suffice to say, Tova and Ugarte's relationship will be less like something from \"Twilight,\" and more like something from \"Boardwalk Empire.\" And if that defense isn't good enough, I'll say this: if girls can write Mary Sue romance fics about Captain Barbossa, Jareth the Goblin King, and the god-f**king-damn Joker, then I can darn well give Peter Lorre some luvin.'[Chapter 5] A/N: Kudos to the website \"Casablanca: Round Up the Usual Suspects.\" This site goes into ridiculous detail about the actors in \"Casablanca,\" including all of the minor characters and even people in the background with no speaking roles. I referred to this site to pull up nameless faces that I could turn into characters for this story (because if there's anything \"Casablanca\" needs more of, it's minor characters). I do not own \"Casablanca.\" Chapter 5: The Roulette Regulars After our initial, shall we say, \"failure to communicate,\" I was hurt and angry, both at Ugarte and at myself. To say that I felt stupid, as I walked home from his apartment in tears, wouldn't summarize it. You see, all my life I'd been the type who struggled in school, and in communicating with others; for the artistically inclined, such problems come with the territory. Before the War I never minded this. But now it terrified me. I wasn't just crying from heartache, but from fear . It was only by the grace of God that my stupidity last night had gotten good results for my family. If I could accidentally seduce four exit visas out of one of the most well-known crooks in Casablanca, then my god, what else might I get myself into? Get Rachel and the children into? A concentration camp, perhaps? When I entered our apartment, carefully closing the door behind me with a shaking hand, Yvonne looked up from the table. She was in her long white nightgown, eating her eggs and toast. \"Sofie, where were you? Sascha and I were so frightened for you, when you left and never returned! We thought the Nazis—\" She then noticed the envelope in my hand, and her expression changed. \"Oh.\" I hiccuped a little, still crying, and went to the bedroom to put the visas away. I wrapped them up in a scrap cloth (Yvonne had piles of the stuff leftover from work, and always let me help myself to it). Then I stuck them in the back of my drawer under some clothes. \"Sofie?\" Yvonne opened the bedroom door a crack, as I unbuttoned my suit jacket. \"Oh Sofie, was it that horrible?\" I shook my head. \"No, no. It was…not what you're thinking. I didn't…I don't wish to talk about it.\" She looked me up and down, and then turned away. As she did I blurted out, \"I thought I was in love with him, you see. But he thought I wanted only the visas.\" I wiped my eyes again, climbing into bed. \"But these are what's important, so it shouldn't matter.\" Yvonne cocked her head at me, through the door. \"You love Captain Renault?\" \"Captain Renal—? No , no, no . Not Renault. It was…somebody else. I need to sleep.\" Yvonne was confused, but she didn't pry. She was relieved that I was safe and had my visas. Beyond that, she seemed wrapped in worries of her own. For the next week I avoided Rick's Café. I spent my free time taking relaxing walks through Casablanca, and asking around if anyone wanted to buy sketches. (I had my visas, but there was still rent and food to pay for.) When I was sure I could face Ugarte again without breaking into tears, I agreed to return to the café with Yvonne and the other girls, Brigitte and Rita. I was introduced to Rita's husband Marco. As the group of us stood there in conversation, I glimpsed Ugarte, getting a drink from the bar. I caught him watching me, sipping calmly. I suggested to my friends that we sit outside, and they liked the idea. The group of us sat there under the late afternoon sun—Yvonne, Brigitte, Rita, Marco, and myself. Just after Yvonne and Brigitte left to get some drinks from Sascha, the band from inside started up a beautiful Spanish tune. I'd heard before, on the radio probably. It had a slow, mournful melody that was oddly soothing. Rita and Marco got up to dance on the pavement. I watched them, resting my cheek in my hand, deep in thought. There wasn't much space for dancing, but with what they had to work with, I thought the Spanish couple did beautifully. \"It's a beautiful tune, no?\" Even if his voice hadn't been so recognizable, I'd have known him from his shadow. The way he stood there, slowly fiddling his cigarette in one hand. He took the empty seat next to mine. He gave his cigarette a shake over the ground, looking down at it with that innocent smile, then rolled his eyes up to me. \"You know Miss Beckman, I have been looking for you everywhere.\" My face still in my hand, not turning to look at him, I said, \"What a coincidence Signor Ugarte. I have been avoiding you everywhere.\" \"'Signor Ugarte?' So we're back to formality now! I deserve that I suppose. But Miss Tov—\" I looked sharply at him. \" Sofie. You know such a thing is commonplace, here in Casablanca. It's how most women gain their exit visas from Captain Renault, in case you didn't know. I…didn't think a sweet girl like you would offer such a thing so readily unless you were desperate for something. I didn't mean to imply anything about your character,\" he gestured to me with his cigarette, shaking his head. \"An act like that, it doesn't make one any less of a lady, not in Casablanca.\" I realized the truth in what he was saying, and it made me feel a little better. \"I'll forgive you then, I suppose.\" I took a sip from my glass of water. \"I owe you an apology as well. I should have thought more on what I was doing, that night. I was… excited.\" He furrowed his brow at me. \"That's no surprise, seeing how long you seem to have been waiting.\" He placed the cigarette back in his mouth, blinking at me with mock concern. My law dropped slightly. But then I smiled, seeing the humor. I decided to change the subject. \"Do you know the name of this song?\" Ugarte blew out a cloud of smoke. \" Perfidia . It means 'false.'\" Toying with his cigarette he asked, \"Could I presume to ask for a dance?\" I warned him that I wasn't very good, but he didn't care. We did not dance as well as Rita and Marco, but it's not as if we were performing for anyone. The Spanish couple took notice of us, and seemed amused. As we moved to the song, Ugarte and I conversed, and I think we both began to feel less awkward. \"Three years,\" he said, when I asked him how long he'd been in Casablanca. \"By now I know everyone worth knowing. Have you made many friends yet?\" \"Some, yes,\" I said. \"Yvonne, Brigitte and Rita. Sascha, of course. Signor Haddad is friendly…though it's difficult as he doesn't know much English,\" Even as I spoke, Ugarte was leading me out of our dance, back towards the café door. \"Why don't you come with me to the roulette wheel, I'll introduce you to everyone. Many of them are refugees like yourself.\" I suspected he was more interested in showing off a new lady friend to his criminal cronies. But I felt so safe with his arm around mine, I was eager to make new friends, and excited to meet more criminals. So I said, \"That would be very kind of you, Signor.\" \"Please, I'm only Ugarte, at least in here. It's what everyone calls me.\" We walked past the bar, where Yvonne was leaning over the counter, laughing against Sasha's chest. Next to her, Brigitte was touching up her makeup in a tiny purse mirror. Sascha pointed towards Ugarte and me, and my two friends turned to look at us. Brigitte smiled brightly, as if seeing me with Ugarte was the sweetest thing she'd seen all week. Sascha looked like he wasn't sure what to think. Yvonne stared at me as if I had lobsters coming out of my ears. I could guess which gamblers were the illegal visa brokers like Ugarte, and which were their refugee customers like me, based on how talkative they were. Most of the men and women I met were people I'd seen regularly at the roulette wheel. \"You found a new girl, Ugarte?\" a blonde man with an American accent drawled, as we sat down at the gambling table. \"Took you long enough.\" Ugarte blew out some smoke and answered coolly, \"Can I help it if the Nazis keep chasing away every beautiful girl I find?\" \"I think your hootch breath chases them away.\" Ignoring him, Ugarte introduced us. \"George Holden, this is Miss Sofie Beckman.\" \"Pleased ta meetcha' Miss Beckman,\" George looked at me with a raised eyebrow. \"You look like a lady with a story.\" \"He'll give you a free photograph,\" a Spanish woman smoking a long cigarette said, \"Provided he can keep a copy for his stories.\" \"You're a journalist?\" I asked George Holden, just before the Frenchman running the roulette wheel hollered the new round right next to my ear. After placing his bet, the George Holden turned back to me. \"I'm sorry were you saying? Oh yeah, I'm a journalist.\" He lowered his voice, and looked at me, his blue eyes serious. \"I've been documenting the Nazi's crimes since I came to Europe in '38. Suffice ta say, I'm on their bad side.\" My eyes wide, I said quietly, \"Surely then, George Holden is not your real name.\" George shrugged, reaching for his chips. \"Sure it is, they all know who I am.\" He nodded away from the table, presumably towards the police. \"But they can't touch me here. Casablanca's outside the Nazi's jurisdiction. Anyway, your boyfriend's got me a visa fixed in case I ever need to get out of here fast.\" Ugarte offered me a cigarette. I reached for it gingerly, unsure of whether I really felt like a smoke at the moment. \"It seems you're left with me then, love!\" a Spanish man with a pencil-thin mustache suddenly said to his companion—the woman with the long cigarette. \"Unless Miss Beckman is willing to share with you.\" George Holden glanced at the couple with a raised eyebrow. The woman was giggling through her hand. I looked at Ugarte, and saw him glaring murderously under his eyebrows at the Spanish man, his cigarette frozen next to his mouth. \"Don't get jealous,\" an Oriental woman next to me said quietly. \"Carmen is as likely to try to steal you from Ugarte as the other way around.\" I quickly took the cigarette Ugarte was offering and inhaled, blinking through my shock. Several at the table were laughing, Carmen and her companion the hardest. Some others, people not in this group of friends, glanced over disapprovingly, and returned to their game, trying to ignore us. I finally forced some laughter out of myself, and glanced at Ugarte. Ugarte sat back, trying to look like he was focused on his cigarette, then waved down a waiter. When the laughter died down, the Spanish woman introduced herself. \"My name is Carmen Velazquez. This is my husband Pepe.\" Pepe was now focused on the game, and seemed to have no qualm with his wife introducing him, instead of vise versa. \"If you're unsatisfied with anything Ugarte has done for you, you can come to Pepe and me.\" I stared at her, until she added quietly, \"We, too, are in the business of papers.\" I let out a breath, and smiled, as they laughed some more at me. Once I was past the discomfort, I found myself amused by the Velazquez couple. They seemed so elegant, both tall people in their thirties, Carmen with her dark hair bound back in a net and crowned in a little flowered cap, and Pepe in a blinding white suit with his hair slicked back. I'd never have guessed, from all those times I'd watched them from afar, that they were a criminal team, or that they were laughing about such \"degenerate\" behaviors. \"I'll buy from whoever shows me the best papers.\" The Oriental woman said flatly, laying down her chips. \"Once I have the money of course.\" Her voice had just a trace of an Asian accent, but she spoke her English impeccably. She wore a modest short-sleeved top and skirt, and her hair was rolled up much like mine. At first, I thought she was trying blend in with the white women who surrounded her. But then I noticed the red and gold Oriental designs on her top, and realized that her attire might be completely normal for her home country. The geishas I pictured when thinking of Japan might represent the real thing as much as a medieval princess represented England. \"Who are you running from?\" I asked her casually, turning my cigarette in my hand. She looked me up and down, as if considering how to word it. \"In Japan…\" she sipped her drink. \"…it is not good to come from a Chinese mother, or a communist father.\" Smiling, she changed the subject. \"I'm Saddako, Saddako Saito. Sofie, was it?\" I'd never spoken to a \"person of color\" outside my job with Signor Haddad, not even Sam the piano player at this point. I did not want to appear rude, but was so curious to know about life in Japan, a place so far away that I'd only seen through stamps and picture books. As casually as I could, I worked questions about Japan into the conversation. Saddako stayed cheery and sociable, but from what she told me, it was clear that Asia was gripped by the same darkness as Europe. Meeting Saddako changed how I thought of Japan. Before, I'd thought of the Japanese as one mass of power-hungry, death-dealing imperials, glad to ally with Hitler. I felt ashamed, not to have considered that it would be filled with frightened men, women and children who were \"vermin\" in the eyes of their new government, just like in Germany. I laughed, smoked and drank, blending in as best I could. When I wasn't talking to anyone, I watched, watched how my new friends treated the game at hand. George Holden bet very little amounts of money each time, and didn't seem terribly interested in the game. He was far more interested in socializing, making conversation with as many different people as possible, even people he didn't seem to know. Pepe and Carmen played together as a team, fixed intently on the game, but not in a serious way. They gave up their money to the wheel in random amounts, sometimes large sometimes small, with no apparent rhyme or reason. They'd take turns placing bets, and give each other advice or joking insults while doing so. Saddako made no effort to hide her distain for the Spanish couple's carelessness. She herself had a far more disciplined method of gambling. She would bet the same, very small amount each time, and whatever money she won, she would quickly zip into a little purse (covered in Japanese designs), which she'd then button into her pocket. I took notice of one last gambler, a much older woman with black hair pulled into a tight bun. Her eyes were unusually shaped, extremely sad looking, even more so than Ugarte's. She spoke no English (but apparently understood the French that the game's host was speaking). She was silent most of the time, and watched the younger players as if supervising her children. I couldn't quite put my finger on it, but from her facial features and the way she carried herself, I had a strong, strong feeling that we had something in common. When Pepe won a sum of money for himself and Carmen, I cheered, \" Mazeltov! \" in a voice just loud enough for the old woman to hear. The old woman looked up sharply at me with wide eyes, and from that I was certain that she, too, was a Jew. Rick stopped by, on his way to the piano, where Sam was setting up for the evening. \"How's everyone doing tonight?\" the American asked, casting a rehearsed smile around the table. We all chimed in our responses. Ugarte stood from his chair, still holding his drink and cigarette, and greeted Rick as if they were best friends. \"I think I'm winning Rick! And how are you?\" \"Busy Ugarte, very busy.\" As he said Ugarte's name, pronouncing it \"Ugatee,\" Rick held his smile, but the rest of his face and voice melted into a clear disdain. I wondered if he was mispronouncing Ugarte's name on purpose, as a form of passive-aggression. Ugarte talked on in that mocking courtesy, looking up at Rick like he was a beloved big brother. \"Oh Rick, have you met my friend, Sofia Beckman?\" he gestured to me, and I smiled politely. Rick nodded my way. \"I'm very please to meet you Miss Beckman. Are you enjoying yourself?\" Apparently, he didn't remember that he and I had already been introduced. He probably met new faces every single day, and it's not as if mine stood out from a crowd like Ugarte's. \"Oh yes,\" I nodded, \"Very much so.\" Rick looked like he was holding something back. \"Well I've got other customers to get to.\" he looked Ugarte's way. \"That's a nice girl Ugarte. I uh, hope you appreciate her.\" Rick left before Ugarte could come up with a response. I smoked my cigarette, thinking on what Rick had said, and what Pepe had said earlier to his wife. I watched Ugarte as he returned to the game, betting as carelessly as Carmen and Pepe. Watched him light up a new cigarette from the old one that wasn't even finished yet, order a second drink before even taking a sip of the one he had just been served. I hazarded a guess at what all of these people tonight had been trying to tell me: Sofia Beckman, if you wish to be with Signor Ugarte, just you keep that man on a leash! A loud, ugly laughter made me jump. Some of the Nazis at a table on the opposite wall were drunk, laughing and joking loudly in German. I heard the word \"Juden\" several times, and grew cold. Rick and Sam were staring at them. I leaned over the back of my chair, eager to hear Rick tell the Nazis to shut up or shove off. But Rick apparently decided it wasn't worth the risk, and gave Sam a nod. The piano player started up a calming song, as if the Nazis weren't there. Patrons returned to their drinks or cigarettes, and picked up their conversations—more loudly this time. Ugarte was fixed on the game, as if he hadn't heard a thing. He glanced up only when he noticed that I was turned away from the table. Confused, he followed my gaze, and saw the laughing Nazis. Gently he put his hand on my back (careful not to hit me with the cigarette or spill the drink it also held), and turned me back to the game. \"Have something to drink.\" he said quietly, and passed me his second, untouched glass. \"Would you like to learn how roulette works?\" I allowed him to keep me distracted from the Nazis for the rest of the evening, listening to him walk me through the game. Ugarte kept me distracted from all of my troubles for the next several months, often by giving me new ones. Ours was a turbulent on-and-off-again relationship, wrought with fights and make-ups. It was my relationship with Guillermo Ugarte, along with my friendship with Yvonne, which led me to most of the others I met in Casablanca. But of course, you've heard already what ultimately happened to my poor Ugarte. That, however, I'll save for a later time. A/N: As mentioned above, most of these \"original characters\" are based on background characters in the movie. In addition to that \"Usual Suspects\" website, I also had a lot of fun with You Tube clips and screencaps on Google, looking for interesting faces I could turn into characters. If you want to know who's who in this chapter, here's a rundown: Saddako Saito is the Asian woman, seen near the start of the movie; Rita (Yvonne's Spanish friend) is the curly-haired gambler sitting across from Ugarte, when the cops come for him; the old Jewish woman is in that same scene, sitting next to her; George Holden is the blond man with the American accent who says, \"When they come for me Rick, I hope you'll be more of a help!\" (To which Rick replies, \"I stick my neck out for nobody.\"); Carmen is the woman who freaks out when the cops drag Ugarte past her, and Pepe is the man she runs next to immediately afterwards (both are seen standing behind Rick for a few seconds, looking upset); and Tova will be the woman sitting next to Ugarte, who looks over with concern when he walks away from the table with the police.[Chapter 6] I do not own \"Casablanca.\" Chapter 6: Opals and Absinth at the Blue Parrot I witnessed my first dramatic arrest at Rick's just a few weeks into my relationship with Signor Ugarte. No, it was not his arrest. That was months away yet. This victim was a woman. I'd often seen Captain Renault and his policemen approach a person in the saloon, usually a man, but sometimes a couple or a group of people. They would walk out of the bar, the ones in custody showing anything from disappointed to grim terror. I would try hard not to think about where those people had come from, or where they were now going. It was mid-afternoon and I was sitting at the bar next to Ugarte, when the short shriek echoed throughout the café. It was a dark woman, possibly a Gypsy, or some other \"lower race\" Hitler had sworn to annihilate. One of Renault's policemen was pulling her along by the arm, while she rambled something in French, tears and mucus running down her face. As they passed a couple eating, she suddenly grabbed a fork off their table and stabbed the policeman in the face with it, then ran from the café. She tripped over her long skirt on the way out, and fell flat to the ground. She was pulled to her feet by Captain Renault and another policeman, who then dragged her outside. The entire café watched her leave, some whispering in confusing, others watching in silence. Rick Blaine stood by the opened doorway with his hand over his face. He straightened himself, and addressed his guests somberly. \"Apologies for the disturbance folks. Try not ta let it spoil your evening. Just relax and have a good time.\" He gave Sam a pat on the shoulder, and said something to him. Sam started up a popular favorite, \"Knock on Wood,\" and by the second verse everyone was singing along. Rick walked on through the cafe, making short conversations and patting people on the back or shoulder. I sat there at the bar, staring at the small drink in my hand. I looked over at Ugarte. He was staring at the doorway where the arrested woman had gone out, with an impassive expression. He finally raised his glass to his lips and, with that fast blink of his, seemed to purge the scene from his mind. He smiled up at Rick when the saloon keeper came by. \"The, the way you calmed this crowd so smoothly Rick, one would think you and Renault just rehearsed it all!\" he laughed, almost nervously. \"What do you want me to do, learn to stutter?\" Rick said dryly. \"Rick sometimes I think you treat me too harshly. I at least help these poor bast—\" Rick gave Ugarte a warning look. \"— devils to find ways out of this city.\" Rick grinned at Ugarte. \"You'd have no place help those 'poor devils' if I wasn't providing the café, Ugarte. Don't bite the hand that feeds you.\" He rested an arm on the bar, actually speaking to Ugarte in a sincerely friendly way. \"So how're your relocation plans coming along?\" \"I think I'm close to having enough saved for an apartment, but I want to be sure I have enough to pay the rent for a while.\" \"New York apartments are expensive, Ugarte. Take your time.\" \"You, you think I'd fit in, in America?\" Rick stared at his friend, his toothy smile frozen on his face. Finally he said, \"I don't think you'll stand out in New York.\" Rick and Ugarte joked and conversed for a while, while I downed my drink, trying to forget what we'd all witnessed just minutes ago. I tried to focus on the sound of Rick and Ugaret's voices. I tried to distract myself, by focusing on Rick's interesting American accent, or the soothing voice of Ugarte, but listening to those two chatter as if nothing wrong had happened only made it worse. I shook where I sat, as my throat swelled and my eyes began to water. I lifted a napkin to my running nose. At a nearby table, Carmen and Pepe took notice of me. \"Ugarte,\" Carmen called over, in a worried tone. Without turning around Ugarte lifted a hand, asking that she wait. He continued talking to Rick. \"…But you see Rick, your customers come here to exchange visas with parasites like me!\" Ugarte gestured to himself with his drink. \"So our relationship is eh, what is the word,\" \"Symbiotic?\" Professor Karl, the stout waiter, suggested, walking by with a tray. Pepe said more loudly, \" Ugarte! Your lady friend!\" Ugarte spun around to face Pepe, then me. Rick looked at me, his face showing just the smallest trace of sympathy. \"Are you all right Miss?\" Rick stood away from the counter. \"Can I get you a glass of water or something?\" \"I'll take her outside Rick,\" Ugarte smiled and nodded to him, then took my by the arm and lead me out of the building. \"You don't care,\" I whispered, wiping a tear away. \"People are being taken away all left and right, and none of you son-of-a-bitches—\" \" Shhh !\" Ugarte hissed, then shushed me again more gently. He added a peck on the cheek, but all this only made me more upset. \"You b-bastard!\" I hissed in his ear, the tears still coming. \"You, you rat!\" He sat me down at one of the outside tables. By now I was crying out loud. Of course, the heat of the Moroccan sun wasn't helping. Ugarte finally gave up trying to calm me, and plopped into a seat next to me. \"One moment love,\" he said, rummaging through his pinstriped suit jacket. \"I have I think, something to help calm you…\" Carmen and Pepe caught up to us, and stood over our table. \"Ah, Ugarte,\" Pepe said, \"Why don't we bring Miss Sofie to the Blue Parrot for that, if you're doing what I think you're doing. I doubt Signor Rick would appreciate it if, if….\" Ignoring him, Ugarte fished a pack of cigarettes from his suit. They looked homemade. He stuck one in my mouth, and took his own cigarette out of his mouth to light mine with it. This was no ordinary cigarette he'd given me. The smoke was earthy, and oddly calming. I'd had this before, back when I'd socialized with the artists of Paris. Reefers. I inhaled deeply, and leaned back in my chair. \"There, now.\" Ugarte leaned back in his own chair, and said softly in my ear, \"You still think I'm such a rat?\" I looked at him. In fact, his face did have a rather rodent-like quality. \"A cute rat,\" I mumbled. I took another long drag of the marijuana, rolling my head back in my chair, closing my eyes. I opened them slowly a moment later, and found Rick standing there, staring down at me. His eyes shifted to Ugarte. Without moving, he said, \"Ugarte, you have exactly one minute to get out of my café.\" Ugarte sat up, looking affronted. \"Me? But she is the one who—\" \"Now!\" the American barked. Ugarte quickly picked his brown hat off the table and stood up. I followed him out of the café, along with Carmen and Pepe. Carmen giggled behind her hand at Ugarte, and waved goodbye to Rick. Rick just stood there with his hand in his pocket, watching us with a hard stare. \"The Blue Parrot it is, then.\" Ugarte said, as we made our way down the street. \"Sofie, you say you have been among uh…decadents…before?\" \"The worst of the worst!\" I said, which was a gross exaggeration. In truth, the worst people I'd socialized with before coming to Casablanca were opium addicted artists and their prostitute models. \"She is lying.\" Carmen said flatly, glancing at me over her long cigarette. \"So what.\" Pepe replied. \"With what Ugarte will give to her at the Parrot, she probably won't remember anything she sees tonight anyway.\" I made a mental note to try as hard as I could to remember everything, even take down some notes or sketches if I had to. Signor Ferrari tolerated far more in his café than Rick did. Couples sat or lay in each other's laps, while smoking all manner of drugs. Two Moroccan girls, much younger than me, danced in costumes that left little to the imagination. I heard curse words in Italian, English, Arab, and a few other languages. My vocabulary grew significantly that night. I got a better look around the café, here in the late afternoon, than I had that night Ugarte had taken me to speak with Signor Ferrari after he'd been pick-pocketed. A long shelf of drinks lined the back wall behind the counter. Walls of crooked logs separated different parts of the café. Here and there were large plants and exotic decorations. It had an otherworldly feel to it (though I'll admit that the chemicals in the air may have helped with that). I fancied myself walking through the jungles of India, thinking on the Kipling stories I'd read as a child. The four of us sat around a round table of gamblers, playing a card game. I sat in Ugarte's lap, smoking my reefers, while he gambled with Carmen, Pepe, and two other men they were friends with. All visa-brokers. \"In cash,\" said one of their friends—a frazzle-haired man in a wrinkled suit, who reminded me of one of the Three Stooges. \"I always remind my customers, 'In cash.' Make sure every transaction you make is crystal clear to the customer.\" \"Talking about cash Bernardo,\" Pepe said, \"why don't you place your bet on the table already.\" \"All right, all right.\" Bernardo reached into his wrinkled suit pocket and pulled out a ring. It was a smooth gold ring, set with a black oval-shaped stone. \"Some little rat on the streets traded me this, just this morning, in exchange for some money and food. Little tykes don't know how to barter.\" \"Where did a child get a ring like that?\" I said, sitting up in Ugarte's lap. \"That could belong to his mother!\" Carmen added, gesturing to the ring with her cigarette. Bernardo shook his head. \"He told me that he pulled it off the hand of some French officer's wife.\" \"Well,\" Ugarte said, \"In that case, let's have it!\" Ugarte won that round of the game, and he won the ring. He picked up my hand, and slid it onto my middle finger. \"That's an opal. Good luck, so I'm told.\" \"You made that up.\" I said, admiring the stone on my finger. \"No, he's right,\" Pepe said, looking at the ring. \"That is an opal.\" We chain-smoked and chain-drank for hours, conversing and laughing and gambling. We had a puff from an opium pipe that some Arab was passing around the café. Signor Ferrari meanwhile supervised the going-ons in his café from a dark corner, occasionally taking business with a crook here and there. The fat man sat enthroned in an armchair, puffing a hookah. He reminded me of a sultan. It might have been my imagination, but he seemed to watch Ugarte giving me drinks and cigarettes with the admiration of a father watching his son's wedding. As the café darkened with the sunset, and my eyesight became hazed from all I was putting into my body, the Blue Parrot came to feel more and more like a jungle. I was silent for what felt like a long time, just watching the different people weaving their ways around the potted plants and exotic decorations. I wondered what my sister, niece and nephew were doing now. Maybe Rachel was reading the children a story, in the cellar where they were hiding. Something relaxing and magical, probably, like Alice in Wonderland. Just after sunset, Ugarte began to mix himself a very peculiar drink. He placed a large slotted spoon over a small cup, containing a bright green spirit, and on top of that spoon, a sugar cube. Then he poured some of the alcohol from his glass onto that sugar cube, melting it into the drink. I watched, my tired mind mesmerized, as the sugar clouded up the drink, like a magical little storm. \"What's that there, now?\" I asked quietly. Ugarte blinked up at me, as if he'd forgotten I was there. \"Oh. Eh…nothing. Uh, here I'll let you try a sip. Just a small sip. This is strong.\" He let me take the tiniest of sips. I tell you, it was vile ! It left a bitter taste in my mouth. At first. But a second later, I realized it was the most wonderful thing I ever had tasted. It had an earthy, herbal aftertaste that left me wanting for more. \"You like it?\" Ugarte smiled at me. A man in a suit suddenly tapped Ugarte's shoulder, and muttered something to him in Italian. Ugarte excused himself, and left to go talk business with Ferrari. Foolishly, he left his strange drink on the table in front of me. I didn't even think the decision over. I just looked to make sure Ugarte wasn't watching, and then picked up his drink. I lifted it to my lips, intending to take just another little sip. But once it hit my tongue, I couldn't remove it, it was so delightful. I took the whole thing down in one gulp. Then I leaned back, melting into the chair, cradling the empty cup. My brain felt so warm inside my skull, so very warm. My problems were gone . I forgot the Nazis even existed. I thought of my sister Rachel, of Anchel and Sarah, how safe and cozy they were with their Christian friends, in that little cellar. Rachel reading them Alice in Wonderland…. \"… Oh, we're all mad here!\" I heard Rachel say in the purring voice she always used, when reading the Cheshire Cat's lines. \"I'm mad! You're mad!\" Cozy little cellar. Looked like the bedroom Rachel and I had shared as children, in fact… \"Is she asleep?\" My eyes peeked opened a bit, and I saw Carmen and Pepe staring at me. Pepe lay across two chairs, with his head in Carmen's lap. Carmen turned away from me, as she rummaged for something in her purse. I became fascinated by the large white carnation in her hair. Its petals rippled, as if blowing in the wind. Then they slowly began to spin, like the spokes of a pinwheel. It was so soothing to watch. When she turned back around I slurred, \"No, no, look that way again Carmen. I want to watch your flower spin. It's so much prettier, than when it's still.\" Carmen burst into an uncontrollable fit of giggles. Then she said something I didn't hear, and pointed off to something behind me. I stared curiously at her hand, in that pose, noticing how her fingers curved around each other. I thought hard about how I'd draw that. \"The beads !\" Carmen repeated, loudly. She leaned over and took my head gently in her hands, and turned it so I was looking at the curtain of beads on the door of the café. \"Look at the beads , Sofie! They're dancing!\" And she was right! I watched the colors and shapes of the beads, raining down in a water fall. They moved like the patterns in a kaleidoscope. Ferrari's parrot squawked and chirped from its perch near the doorway (the bird was kept inside tonight). Whenever the parrot made a noise, the beads suddenly moved into a new pattern. I laughed, feeling the joy ripple through my body. I felt like I was five-years-old, and anything could amuse me. I looked closer and closer at the beads, trying to see how they managed to move around so quickly, and yet so smoothly. \" Madame! \" Signor Ferrari was suddenly towering over me. He was gigantic, a massive white-suited mountain, topped with that little red fez, so high up I could barely see it. Had he grown even bigger since I'd last seen him? Or had I somehow shrunk ? Good god, the drugs! Was this a side effect? Did they shrink your body? What had I done, taking all of those drugs in one night! \"I said , you are blocking the entrance to my café. It is late yes, but I still have customers coming and going. And besides, I don't think you want such a pretty dress on this dirty floor, do you now?\" Indeed, I was laying on the floor, the dancing beads tickling my face. Ferrari took my arm and hauled me to my feet. \"Can you stand, miss?\" \"Of course I can stand it!\" I surprised myself by sounding angry. \"I'm an artist you know! I've befriended scoundrels in Parrí! And we smoked all sorts of hoozits and whatzits!\" Ferrari eyed me carefully, as I walked slowly away from him. I returned to my seat on at the card table. Ferrari began to turn away. The red coloring of his fez was intense, a much brighter red than I had ever noticed before. And then it flew right at me. One moment, the fez was on Ferrari's head; the next, it was shooting forward at me, right into my face, until I could see nothing but the color red. Next thing I knew I was leaning back against my chair, either laughing or screaming or both. Ferrari stomped towards me and took hold of my shoulders. He stared intently into my eyes with that intense, serious stare of his, which made me laugh even harder. He pulled me up from the chair and took me across the room, to where Ugarte stood, laughing with friends. \" Ugarte, you degenerate pimp !\" the fat man bellowed. Ugarte spun on his heel to face Ferrari, his eyes bulging with honest confusion. \"What have you done to this girl?\" Ferrari demanded, and thrust me forward into Ugarte. Ugarte caught me as I slammed into his chest, stuck in a silent fit of giggles. He took my head and tilted it, to look into my eyes. He looked upset. \"You think I did this to her?\" Ugarte pouted. \"Don't be a goose Signor Ferrari,\" Pepe called from the card table, sitting up from his wife's lap. \"Ugarte would never share his absinth with anyone. Sofie probably had to steal it!\" \"Get her out of here, Ugarte.\" Ferrari made a swooping motion with his arm. \"Before she dies of an overdose. A dead girl in my café will not be good for business for either of us.\" Ugarte practically had to drag me out the door, not because I was stubborn, but because I didn't know up from down. I clung tightly to his arm, as he hauled me outside. The silver pinstripes on suit were streaming down in a waterfall, just like the beads. As we passed a French policeman, I gripped Ugarte's arm more tightly, and leaned against him. \"Would I really have died from overdose?\" I whispered. Ugarte flicked his dead cigarette onto the street. \"No.\" When we were out of earshot from the policeman, he added crossly, \"But you embarrassed me tonight. You should have taken small sips like I advised you. I think perhaps you are too delicate for this level of decadence.\" \"You drag me to this godforsaken pub to show me off to your crooked friends, and then complain when I do what their girls do?\" the words just tumbled out of my mouth, with no particular emotion fixed to them. \" Their ladies can handle this, and are wise enough to do as they're told. I've enough embarrassments on my own without you adding to them,\" he snapped, and stuck a new cigarette in his mouth. \"Who do you think you are, to talk to me like I'm a child?\" I hissed at him. \"If it weren't for me you'd be absent one hand by now! If someone should do the thinking for the two of us, it…it shouldn't be you!\" That raspy chuckle. \"'For the two of us'?\" His mouth snapped shut as we passed Rick's café. Captain Renault was sitting at a small table, discussing some serious business with a woman young enough to be his daughter. Renault looked up at Ugarte, with one eyebrow arched high. Ugarte nodded to them. \"Good evening Louie.\" \"Evening Ugarte,\" Renault said, not moving. For one tense moment, I wondered—as did Captain Renault, no doubt—whether Ugarte would offer to sell the young woman a visa for a lower price than Renault had offered her. But Ugarte said nothing, and we moved on. I saw Renault give Ugarte a long, satisfied look as we left, and turned back to his lady friend. As far as I could tell, Ugarte and Renault weren't close, but he and the French captain had something of a loose friendship. In any case, they were friendly enough not to get involved with each others' business engagements. By the time Ugarte was walking me up the stairs to my apartment, he was in the middle of another one of his stories. He told these stories all the time, especially when he wanted to stop an uncomfortable silence. They were stories about his misadventures working with the Italian Mafia, stories about exotic places he'd seen and gritty fights he'd won. Stories that any moron could see were complete hogwash. I'd usually let him talk on, because it amused me to see what he would come up with. And half the time, I wasn't even listening to his words; I just enjoyed his silken voice, with those hoarse little chuckles here and there. Ugarte's story was cut short once we reached the apartment. Rick and Yvonne were standing in the opened doorway, hissing at each other. \"…It's as if you're flirting with her on purpose, to drive me away from you Rick!\" \"I'm not flirting with anyone, that's your imagination.\" Rick spoke in a bored drawling voice, like he wasn't even trying to convince her. \"You were playing with that China doll's hair in front of everyone! You called her 'gorgeous,' do you think I'm stupid Rick?\" Yvonne was blinking furiously. \"Excuse us,\" Ugarte said without looking at Yvonne (he knew how the Frenchwoman disliked him). \"Hello Rick.\" Rick looked at Ugarte and started a courteous nod, but stopped when he saw me with him, then just shook his head. Ugarte walked me through the kitchen and into the bedroom (the only two rooms in the apartment), without turning any of the lights on. \"Where was I…ah! I was the only one left standing,\" he said, his ridiculous story coming to a climax. \"It was so dark I could scarcely see a thing.\" His story had been taking place in the mid-afternoon up until this sentence. I groaned with impatience, my head hurting from the drinks and drugs. \"The beach, Guillermo.\" I slurred. \"What?\" I slithered out of his arms and flopped down onto my bed. \"Tell me about the beach.\" Outside the apartment, Rick and Yvonne were raising their voices. When Yvonne began to swear, Ugarte closed the bedroom door. He took a seat next to me, and handed me his cigarette to puff. \"I've told you, a thousand times and again, about that facking beach.\" The way he pronounced his curse words always made me smile. \"I've forgot.\" I said, taking a smoke. \"Tell me again.\" He delved into memories of the Italian beach his father had lived on. How he and his three older brothers would go there every summer, to stay with him. Ugarte talked about the beach in an entirely different tone than when he was telling one of his adventure stories. His voice was low and quiet, emotion creeping in just here and there. \"I was so happy to be free of Mama and her temper. But then I missed her so, especially when Papa was angry.\" He'd told me already many times, about his mother's severe changes in mood. He never outright said it, but it was clear to me that his mother had been ill— in the head ill. His father, meanwhile, had run his house consistently, but brutally, beating Guillermo and his brothers even for things that were honest mistakes. It was clear to me, by now, how he'd become so accustomed to flattering others, trying desperately to keep up with their changing moods. He spoke of both his parents in past-tense. His father, he'd told me, had been killed in a fight with other criminals. What had happened to his mother, however, he never said, and I'd never yet brought myself to ask. \"…Mama would walk us out of the car to meet up with Papa. They'd look at each other, but they'd never say a word, most times.\" He took the cigarette from me, and had a puff. \"And then she would leave.\" We were lying together on top of the bed now. \"He wasn't married to her, was he,\" I said, staring at the ceiling. \"No.\" He rolled over, closer to me. \"But he was no adulator. He took care of all his women and his children. That's just how it's done, you know—\" I groaned again, and rolled away from him. It irritated me, how he would talk as if his twisted culture of organized crime was just the natural order of the world. \"It's what's done in your lovely Mafia, perhaps. But if you ever finish with 'the business' like you talk about Guillermo, that won't be 'how it's done' in the rest of the world. I doubt that's how it's done in America.\" After a silence he kissed me on the lips. Then he asked, \"Will you come to America with me Tova?\" I was silent, as my chest grew warm with the idea. Finally I said, \"I go to America as soon as my sister and her children arrive here.\" \"Well then, we both go to America on our own accord. Then we meet up in New York, and I get us a fine apartment. I finish with all of this ,\" he waved his hand, sending a stream of cigarette smoke swirling above us, \"and I get an honest job.\" He handed me the cigarette, which was almost finished. \"Doing what.\" I finished up the cigarette, and tossed it into a trash bin. \"Eh. Some dull paperwork job or another. I can fill out false visas, I'm sure I could work with real ones.\" He put an arm around me, pulling me close. I rested my head on his chest. \"Before any of this of course, I still need to kill someone.\" Outside we heard Yvonne's muffled shriek, \" You son of a bitch! \" with Rick arguing over her (\"If I'm such a sorry sonofabitch then what'cha stick around for?!\"). Against my better judgment, I chose to ignore them. \"A Nazi.\" I said softly, fiddling with Ugarte bowtie \"A Nazi, yes.\" He was stroking my hair now. \"I'll kill you a Nazi. I'll kill you two Nazis. Five Nazis.\" \"Don't get carried away.\" I said leaning back, allowing him to roll on top of me. \"Fine, two Nazis.\" I kissed him once more, on the lips. \"Three Nazis.\" \"Three Nazis,\" he said, already beginning to unbutton my blouse. \"All right.\" This was the first time it didn't hurt at all. Such a shame I didn't get to enjoy it for long. The door banged opened and Yvonne came bursting into the room, sobbing. Ugarte and I froze exactly where we were. She collapsed onto her bed, sobbing into her hands. Ugrate pulled one of my sheets over us for privacy, and quickly finished his business. Once done, he stole a glance at Yvonne, whose face was still in her arms. Slowly and cautiously, he stepped out of the bed and began to pick up his clothes. He wasn't quiet enough , it seems. Yvonne pushed herself up and threw her head over her shoulder, glaring at Ugarte. Ugarte held his clothes in a bunch, covering himself. He tried that bashful, innocent smile. \"I'll just be leaving then,\" Without a word, Yvonne grabbed her hairbrush off her nightstand and chucked it at him. \"Right!\" Ugarte hurried out of the bedroom and pulled the door closed behind him. \"Not one minute and I'll be on my way…\" I figured I should say something to Yvonne, to get Ugarte a moment or two to throw some clothes on before leaving. \"I could…I'll make breakfast tomorrow,\" I said to Yvonne, \"for both of us,\" Yvonne just sat there, wiping her eyes. \"I uh, know how to make pancakes.\" Yvonne grumbled something in French. I knew a bit of French from my time in Paris, but not enough to understand all that she said. But I knew she'd said something related to men, and me being naive. \"I'm not naïve Yvonne, I know exactly what scum men can be.\" I pulled on my nightdress and went ot het door. I opened it a crack, to see Ugarte fully dressed from the waist down, hastily buttoning up his shirt. \"Ja,\" Yvonne sniffled. \"You know, you just don't care.\" Determined to change the subject, I continued looking through the door at Ugarte. \"Good god, how could someone so tiny have so much hair!\" \" Rick's chest has more.\" Yvonne insisted, as if I'd just attacked her pride. \"He still wants me, of course he does. He's only pretending he doesn't, just to make me angry. Well it's working !\" She pounded her fist against the bed. \"Yvonne,\" I said flatly. \"Yes Sofie?\" She sniffled again. I was going to say something about how immature I thought she was acting. But seeing how helpless and broken she looked threw into shock how immature I had been, making love in our room without her permission, while her own relationship fell apart just a room away. \"Yvonne I'm, I'm sorry. About,\" I glanced back at my bed. I should be feeling guilty right now, I knew. Was knowing you should feel guilty the same as feeling guilty? I didn't think I was feeling anything at the moment except exhaustion. \"Ja well,\" Yvonne shrugged. \"I'm sorry you had to hear all of that out there.\" She began taking off her jewelry and putting it away. \"So pancakes, you said?\" she asked in a light voice. \"Yah…\" I peeked again through the door. Ugarte was gone. I moved into the kitchen to lock and bolt the door. \"Yah, pancakes.\" With effort, I managed to keep my voice light, keep it from cracking. \"My little sister taught me how.\" A/N: Drabble, my apologies. Next chapter will have more action. (Insomuch as a noir/drama can have \"action.\") Ugarte is also getting a disproportionate amount of attention in this story. Don't worry; in another couple of chapters he'll be dead, and out of the way.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Time Enough Over the months Ugarte and I grew so close that I lived at his apartment almost equally as much as the one I shared with Yvonne. Ugarte and I had our sweet times, and not-so-sweet. On good days when neither of us was busy, we would stroll through the market place, and lunch or dine at Rick's, the Blue Parrot, or some other restaurant we could find. We went to an Arab place sometimes, that Signor Haddad recommended to me. Ugarte spoiled me rotten. He was constantly buying (I hoped, buying) me jewelry, sticking flowers in my hair, making sure I was as dolled up as any of his friends' girls. Part of this, I'm sure, was his ego; but the other half was because he knew I wasn't being treated so specially by others, like, say, the Nazis. He helped me plan a false identity, in case Nazis came calling. Should anyone ask, I was his Catholic Spanish mistress. I already knew much about Catholics, through my knowledge of European art. He knew more though, having been raised Catholic, and would drill me on the names of the Saints and books in the bible, so I could pass myself off as a Christian to a Nazi, or anyone else unfriendly. I chose Spanish for my false ethnicity, hoping it could explain away my dark hair and complexion. Through my friendship with Pepe and Carmen, I figured I knew enough about the country, and could hopefully fake the accent for a few sentences if a Nazi, God forbid, questioned me. But dear god, that man was a child. Ugarte never cared for anything but the moment, and I that was why I loved him, but it also drove me up a wall. He wanted sex almost every night we were together. On the nights when I just couldn't put up with it, and shooed him away, he would leave my apartment—or just leave me behind in his own, if that's where we happened to be—and \"go for a walk.\" Then the next time we'd go to the Blue Parrot, Ferrari's prostitutes would look at Ugarte with recognition, and then quickly look away when I made eye contact. I never called him out on this, but I got back in my own ways. When he disappeared like that—whether I was sure he was being unfaithful or not—I'd go digging through his apartment until I found some of this reefers, absinth, or whatever else he had, and help myself. Our relationship evolved into an on-again, off-again sort. Four times, we ended our relationship, swearing we'd never get together again. And four times we came back together. (That is, not counting my very first, ah, \"misunderstanding\" with Ugarte, over the payment of those visas.) The first break-up was mutual; both of us screaming at each other, so loud that Rick threw us out of his café. I can't even remember what we were fighting about, but we both agreed that we were a bad match and went our separate ways. Four days later we came sniffling back to each other, so alone, that we could do nothing but apologize and get back together. The second break up was my doing, as I shouted how foolish I was to take back a dishonest and greedy crook like him. That time was a record—three weeks I went without him, until I could no longer handle the loneliness. Time number three, Ugarte threw me out of his apartment, calling me \"ungrateful\" for all he'd done for me, after I'd insulted him for his business methods yet again. Of course he came sulking back, shed a few tears even, and of course I shed some back and let him in again. Our fourth and last break-up occurred about seven months after we first met. I recall how that morning, Ugarte came to bother me at work. Life had been easier with Ugarte buying half my food and clothes, yes, but I still had to make some money. I was stringing beads for Signor Haddad, under the hot Moroccan sun, Ugarte flirting with me and telling me how business was going and such. \"So are you thinking you want dinner at Rick's tonight?\" he asked me. Smiling I replied, stringing beads, \"How did you guess?\" I frowned suddenly. \"Oh, but Yvonne will be there too…I am so tired of hearing her argue with Rick.\" Unlike me, Yvonne had kept her man almost consistently over the last six months, with only one break-up. Rick and Yvonne's relationship had been quite steady…but Rick had been steady with at least two or three other women at the same time (according to rumors). Yvonne and Rick had explosive arguments often worse than Ugarte and I had, and theirs drew far more attention because everyone knew who Rick was. Ugarte seemed about to say something to me, when a man tapped his shoulder. \"Signor Ugarte?\" Ugarte slowly turned to face the man, under half-closed eyes. \"Yes?\" The man was a Jew, I could just tell. By his face, his beard, the way he carried himself. It is even now difficult to explain, but I know it when I see it. The man looked not much older than myself. \"About those…those problems you were to help me with,\" the man stammered. His accent sounded German. \"You have the money?\" Ugarte replied quietly, pretending to look at my beads. \"N-no, not entirely. We are short still, with money.\" Ugarte muttered, just barely audibly, \"You are all of you people, always, 'short on money.'\" I looked up sharply at Ugarte. He looked at me with a frozen expression. Then he blinked, melting into that innocent smile. \"The people of Casablanca.\" Ugarte clarified. \"We are all of us, crooks of some sort, aren't we? According to Hitler anyway.\" He chuckled. I forced a short smile, then returned to my beadwork. It was just one little comment, one rude comment, made out of annoyance. I said such things about various kinds of people all the time (Germans, Italians Christians, men…) I'd be a hypocrite to blame Ugarte for that sort of thing. I tried hard to burry my anger, and focused on my beads. But I continued to listen to their whispers, each word clear as crystal. \"Signor Ugarte, if you could but lower the price just by a few franks,\" \"Your visas are being for you saved, no one will take them.\" \"But someone may take me . My wife. Our children. Our son, Herman, if the Nazis were to even see him… it is becoming difficult to hide him from sight…\" I dropped a bead. Leaning over to pick it up, my mind went instantly to the speeches I had heard Hitler give on the radio. What he said about the handicapped. The rumors I'd heard, about what really went on inside Nazi \"asylums.\" And what kind of handicap this man's son might have, that he was trying to hide. (For what else could this man be referring to? Unless he meant that his son was an adopted black boy—not likely.) \"You've managed this long,\" Ugarte said calmly. \"It's just a few more franks. I am sorry, but if I make one exception for you I must so make one for all of my customers, you understand, it is simply not possible.\" \"But how many of your other customers have so little time as me? How many have a son whom, if the police even catch one glimpse of him, will—\" Ugarte grabbed the man's arm quickly, as a policeman strode by. As soon as the policeman was gone, the man begged once more, \"Please Signor. The landlady is becoming suspicious. The Nazis are offering to people rewards, for turning in Jews or…or other…other people. Imagine, just for a moment, that you were in my position, if it were your children—\" \"I have no children, Signor. Now if you'll forgive me, I have other business to attend to. I'll be at Rick's tonight, if you have the money you can catch me up there.\" And Ugarte turned and left the market stand, without even telling me goodbye. The Jewish man watched Ugarte go with dismay. He seemed at a loss, trying to decide whether to chase after Ugarte or turn and go home. He made a movement, as if to go after Ugarte, but gave up, and instead turned to leave. I saw the man wipe his eyes behind his glasses. I licked my lips, wondering what if anything I could do to better this situation. At Rick's tonight, I decided, then I would talk to Ugarte. I would be with him, and I would make him sell this man the visas. Yes, I would embarrass Ugarte in front of his friends if I had to, make it appear that he'd be scum if he didn't help the man. I lost myself in other thoughts (of which I did not have many these days), and continued my beadwork. Rick's café was a mess of emotional drama that night, from all different sides. Ugarte and I walked into the café arm in arm, Ugarte in his olive-green suit, and me in a new Spanish-styled dress that he had bought for me. Lovely dress: cream yellow, with patterns in dark green and red. Part of my \"Catholic Spaniard\" disguise that my friends were helping me with. We met up with Carmen and Pepe, at the bar. \"Oh Sofie!\" Carmen exclaimed when she saw me. \"You look absolutely gorgeous!\" Pepe added humorously, \"Absolutely Spanish!\" I giggled a thank you. \"You need some décor to go with it though,\" Carmen said. \"I can help you with that some time. Some decorations for your hair, I think.\" \"Signor Ugarte!\" Sascha exclaimed when he saw us. \"Miss Sofia! The usual?\" We nodded, and he got us our drinks. As we waited, I noticed my roommate sitting at the bar, downing a glass of alcohol. \"Hello Yvonne,\" I said timidly. Yvonne threw me a weary look. \"Hello Sofie,\" she slurred. \"How are you.\" \"I am fine,\" I said. \"But you dear, you sound a bit tired.\" Drunk . Yvonne sighed. \"Well I—\" She stopped when Saddako Saito strolled up to the bar, and ordered a drink. Saddako seemed to pay Yvonne no mind, being in neither a rush to get away, nor lingering. She would have reason to be nervous; rumor had it that she was one of Rick's other woman. Yvonne stared coldly at Saddako, and shifted up straight. I looked away a moment, and exchanged glances with my other friends. Carmen and Pepe looked down at the counter, avoiding Yvonne's gaze. Ugarte puffed a cigarette, blinking in confusion. Ugarte was rather out-of-the-loop when it came to other people's feuds. And often, that would cause him to say the wrong things to the wrong people. Another count for his popularity at Rick's Café. Finally, Saddako got her drink. She was about to leave, when Yvonne said loudly, \"You come to Rick often, Miss Ching?\" Pepe's glass almost slipped out of his hand. None of us missed the ethnic insult, or the innuendo. Saddako certainly didn't. Blinking widely, the Japanese woman said, \"Excuse me?\" Yvonne crossed her arms on the table, looking away as she thought her response over. Finally she tossed her head over her shoulder and replied, \"I said , do you come here, to Rick's, often.\" Saddako's polite reply had just the tiniest hint of sarcasm. \"I'm here playing roulette every other night, so yes, I suppose that should count as 'often.'\" \"So you just come for the roulette Mrs. Ching Ching?\" Keeping her voice even, Saddako said, \"It's Saito.\" \"Is that Chinese for 'whore'?\" I gasped loudly. Carmen's hand flew up to cover her mouth. Ugarte slowly turned down to his drink and cigarette. Pepe looked away. Everyone close by was staring. Sascha was frozen in the middle of pouring some fat German man a drink, and the cup was overflowing a little. Neither of them noticed. Without raising her voice, Saddako said to Yvonne, \"If you have something to say to me, then say it.\" Yvonne's eyes narrowed just for a moment, and I saw her sway slightly on her stool. \"He collects women you know. From all over the world. I'm his Miss France. He has a Miss Germany and a Miss Italy and a Miss Spain. I suppose you're his little China doll now, huh?\" Saddako sipped her drink, staring at Yvonne hard. Finally, she said, \"How should Rick know what is good for him if he doesn't sample the buffet.\" She took another sip, and added, \"Find out what is sweet, what is sour, and what is rotten.\" Yvonne splashed her drink at Saddako, getting alcohol all over her elegantly embroidered top. Saddako's eyes flicked for a second down to the damage; then she slammed her cup onto the counter, and glared at Yvonne. Yvonne began to say something more, but Saddako lashed out and struck the Frenchwoman across the face. Yvonne almost fell out of her chair. Pointing at Yvonne, Saddako warned, \"The next time won't be half as pleasant!\" Then, at the worst of times, Rick himself showed up at the bar, hurrying over from the gambling room. \"Is there any kind of trouble ladies?\" he asked in his professional, saloon-keeper voice. \"No!\" Saddako threw her hands up into the air. \"No trouble at all, dobe kuso aba-zure aho chikubi, chichi chikusho kuso… \" she stormed away from the bar, drink in hand, towards the gambling room, trailing a string of Japanese curse words (especially \"kuso\") behind her. Rick watched Saddako go, with a tired, bemused expression. As if he'd just been thinking his day couldn't get any worse. Sascha quickly began to wipe up the mess on the counter, from spots where Yvonne's drink had missed Saddako. Yvonne looked up at Rick, with tears in her eyes. \"Rick why do you torment me like this?\" \"I haven't the faintest idea what you're talking about Yvonne, but I think it's much too early for this kind of melodrama from anybody.\" Yvonne began to say something but he cut her off. \"You look like you could use a pick-me-up Yvonne. What-say you take a break from the bar a bit, I'll get us a bite to eat, my treat.\" \"But Rick,\" Ugarte cut in, \"I thought you never drink with customers!\" Yvonne glared at my partner. \"I didn't say 'drink' I said 'eat.' And anyways we won't be eating here.\" He touched Yvonne under the chin. \"We'll go up ta my apartment. I think Sam and Sascha and Karl can manage with me taking an hour break or so. Whaddaya say to that, Angel?\" Yvonne blinked up at him, and a weak smile touched her lips. Idiots , I thought. Eventually, Carmen, Pepe, Ugarte and I dared to venture back to the game room, and face the wrath of poor Saddako. We arrived to find everyone in as cheered spirits as usual. Saddako's top was still dark from the splash, and she had many used napkins around that she'd dabbed it with. But she was laughing and having as much fun as always, apparently having pushed Yvonne from her thoughts. We lost ourselves in the game, and for an hour or two, our problems were gone. Then Ugarte's customer returned. The Jewish man with the beard. Ugarte was in the middle of a cigarette (when was he not?), and paying attention to the roulette wheel. He at first didn't respond when the man whispered his name. When he put his hand on Ugarte's shoulder, Ugarte shrugged him away. I swapped a glance with George Holden, the blonde American journalist. George looked at Ugarte and cleared his throat. \"Mr. Ugarte, I think this man has something ta ask you.\" Ugarte looked up, as if he hadn't noticed him. \"Oh, eh not now. Meet me after this round, in back of the café.\" \"Yes but Mister Ugarte, I have for you a payment.\" \" Not now .\" \"Why not now?\" I hissed at Ugarte. Ugarte looked at me. \"Because now , there are policeman and guards nearby.\" Both the man and I realized this was a damned good answer, and shut our mouths. The Jewish man turned quickly and left. When the round finished, Ugarte ordered another drink from Karl the waiter. I stared at Ugarte, wondering when he was going to go out and meet that man. George Holden, too, was staring. Carmen and Pepe were too busy counting their winnings to notice. Saddako was taking some notes in a little notepad from her purse, to keep track of her gambling. Finally, I asked, \"Guillermo, aren't you going to meet with someone, to take care of something?\" \"Hmm?\" Ugarte looked up at me. \"Oh, yes. In just a few moments. I want not to look to conspicuous.\" He socialized another few moments, then excused himself, saying he needed to find the men's room. I was very tempted to follow him, and supervise his transaction with his customer, but that was foolish. Why should I? It was Ugarte's business transaction, not mine. After a few uneasy seconds though, I excused myself, saying that I needed a walk. I exited the café and walked around the back, lighting up a cigarette. I really did plan to take a short stroll around the café. But I thought, if I happened to \"accidently\" stumble upon Ugarte's transaction, I could rest safely knowing that the man and his family would be alright. I stopped at the sound of raised voices. They weren't exactly behind Rick's Café; they were in an alley, between Rick's and another building. I leaned against the wall around the corner, out of sight, smoking, listening in to their conversation. \"I told you, I only accept cash or credit. Nothing else.\" \"Signor Ugarte, I am telling you, this ring is worth twice again what you want me to pay you!\" \"So you say. There are no jewelers opened this time of night. Perhaps in the morning—\" \"Signor, this is a real ruby, you can see by how hard it is. Look!\" Silence, as the man probably tapped it with something like a coin or a pebble. \"See? Real.\" \"I do not know much on rubies. Anyone could fool me.\" \"Signor, supposing that for just one moment I am lying, and it is a trick. If a lowly man like me could have a professional like you confused, then think what a professional like you might do with it. Tell people it is the rarest ruby in all of Morocco, enough people will believe you!\" \"You're eh, not sounding very convincing at the moment Signor.\" \"Signor Ugarte, my family's life for this valuable ring.\" \"In the morning. Meet me right here, in the morning, I take it to a jeweler. If it is real, the visas are yours.\" \"What about, you give me the visas tonight, and if the ruby is fake tomorrow, you can come to me with a gun and make me give the visas back, I will not argue—\" \" Tomorrow , at eight o'clock, I'll be right here.\" Ugarte said sternly, and walked off. Tomorrow, at eight o'clock. Then I'd have my answer, then I could sleep sound. Well, sound er . I could not recall the last time I had truly slept sound. To my horror, Ugarte came around the corner, and right up to me. He looked at me, and I smoked, trying to ignore him. There was no use in pretending that I hadn't heard. \"Eight o'clock.\" He assured me. \"The man will be fine. It is just business, the rules. They must be followed, or else nothing stays organized and everything falls apart.\" I nodded without looking up at him. \"Come,\" he held out his arm. Reluctantly I took it. \"Back to the café?\" Ugarte asked, \"Or back home?\" I thought, and said, \"Back home. I'm tired.\" \"All right. Back home.\" Ugarte walked me away from the café, and back towards my apartment. Halfway there we heard a woman shriek. I froze, and Ugarte's grip tightened on my arm. \"Come on Tova,\" he whispered, and steered me onward. We continued on, but I continued to have the sense that something was very wrong. People were looking out windows, or gossiping in doorways. Upon reaching the apartment complex, one of my neighbors—a middle-aged Moroccan-born Frenchman named Maurice—met up with us on the porch. \"Hurry inside Sofia,\" Maurice told me. \"The Nazis just took someone, I saw.\" \"What did you see?\" I asked quickly. Ugarte answered for him, \"Enough I'm sure.\" But Maurice was not the patronizing type, and he knew I would want every detail. \"A whole family, Jews I think. With a mongoloid boy.\" In those days, the word \"mongoloid\" was the term for what we would later come to call \"Down's Syndrome.\" \"How old was the boy?\" I asked, a lump swelling in my throat. \"A child, perhaps nine or ten.\" Maurice shook his head. \"Horrible.\" \"Why do you think they were Jews?\" I asked, my speech picking up speed. \"Did the father have a beard? Glasses? A German accent?\" Maurice looked at me, crestfallen. \"You knew them?\" I shook my head. \"No, no.\" I glared at my lover. \"Ugarte, he knew them. Didn't you Ugarte.\" \"Enough Sofie.\" Ugarte pleaded. \"Didn't you!\" Ugarte urged me through the door, probably not liking the look Maurice was giving him. Ugarte led me up the stairs, and up to the apartment. \"You're tired Tova.\" He only used my real name when we were alone. \"Just get some sleep Love,\" he said, gently sitting me on my bed. I shot back up. \"Sleep! I'll sleep, after that!\" \"It can't be helped, Tova.\" \" You could have helped!\" I hissed. \"That man offered you a ruby and you couldn't make one exception!\" \"You think I can predict which customer will get caught, and which won't? You think I have in this jacket a crystal ball to—\" \"That man warned you enough, he was running low on time!\" \"So say all my customers! Everyone knows in Casablanca, the risks,\" \"Did the children know? Did the mongalid boy know? They will kill him Guillermo!\" \"That's a rumor.\" \"That's not a rumor that's a fact !\" I was whispering until the last word, which I screamed. \"Shh!\" Ugarte put his hand over my mouth. \"Do you want the Nazis down on us too?!\" I shoved his hand away. \"They'll gas him! That's how they do to cripples and invalids, it's how they do to Jews—\" Ugarte forced his hand back over my mouth, more tightly, and whispered urgently, \"It's what they'll do to you , and me, if they hear you!\" My blood was rushing, and my ears were growing hot. I bit his hand, to get it off, so I could have my say. \"Have you heard, Guillermo, what they do to the old people who go to their 'retirement' getaways? Have you heard how a Nazi asylum works?\" \"Shut up!\" Ugarte barked at me. At the moment, I gave no thought to why this subject upset him so. I assumed he was only trying to ignore feelings of guilt about that Jewish family. \"They crowd them all into a room, and pour out the gas!\" I was speaking a hundred words a minute, I was a madwoman. \"Women, children, babies, old people, people in wheelchairs, people who can't speak or hear or see what's being done—\" Ugarte roared in a raspy shout, the kind I'd only ever heard two or three times when he was in a very serious argument with other crooks. \" I said shut up !\" He raised his arm, as if to slap me across the face. I froze, tears on my face, staring at him. The rage on his face terrified me. He lowered his arm, and his rage melted into mere anger. Ugarte straightened his jacket, and turned away to leave, without saying another word. \"What,\" I snarled, \"No 'goodbye?' You'll just drop me off like a dog at a kennel? That's all people are to you aren't they. At least the ones who are always, how do you call it, 'short on money.'\" Ugarte whirled around. \"I didn't see you so angry at me before! You cared no more than I did when nothing was looking to go wrong!\" \"Why should I, I'm not the one with the power to help these people Ugarte! If you even consider us people. Maybe the Jews are just meal tickets to you. Unless they're a cute girl to flaunt and fuck!\" He jabbed a finger in my direction. \"You're a slut and a hypocrite Tova Levi!\" he wasn't shouting, but his voice was low and threatening. \"You think you're my toy? What about you ? You hate on crooks like me, until you find one who looks cute for you to fuck and cuddle, and has a gun and friends to protect you with, and free drugs to steal, and helps you with your own troubles.\" He looked me up and down, his eyes bulging angrily. \"It must be nice, having a rat like me to blame, when you know you can't do a damn thing—\" \"Shut up Ugarte, just shut up. You're almost as bad as the Nazis! You don't give a damn what they're doing, you never did!\" \"I can't afford to let myself care too much, and frankly Tova neither can you!\" Shaking, I said quietly, \"You're disguising. You make me sick. Here,\" I twisted the opal ring off of my finger. \"You can take this, this rock !\" I screeched the last word, chucking the ring at the brick wall behind my bed. I shouted at him, \"Take back that piece of blood money, Ugarte! I'm finished with you! Finished!\" \"Good! Because I was finished with you shortly after we first met!\" Ugarte stormed out of the bedroom, through the kitchen and out the door, letting it slam behind him. I stood there, seething. Then I quickly scooped up the ring I'd thrown. The black opal had a crack in it. I'd thrown it hard. I hurried out the door after Ugarte. He was on his way down the steps. \"Ugarte!\" I called. He heard me, but didn't look up. I chucked the ring as hard as I could, hoping to hit him on the head. I missed, and hit the floor. He walked out the door, ignoring it. A/N: Apologies for another \"filler\" chapter. This was supposed to be about Annina, with the break-up just at the beginning, but that wound up going on longer than I thought it would. The exchange between Yvonne and Saddako was heavily inspired by a scene from \"Boardwalk Empire.\" The curse words Saddako says came from a website that, supposedly, provides Japanese curse words with their translations. She is basically just stringing random, senseless insults together, babbling out of anger.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Annina Brandel I refused to return to Rick's or the Blue Parrot for the next several days. It wasn't like those places would be that affordable now anyways, without Ugarte treating. The feud between my two friends Yvonne and Saddako also didn't help. Yvonne said nothing of that argument, probably pretending she didn't remember it. She and Rick were back together again, so her mood had at least improved. Saddako, and the rest of the Roulette regulars, I didn't see at all for those few days. I spent my free time strolling through the market place and sketching in my apartment. But distractions were becoming harder and harder to come by. I'd strolled this small part of Casablanca a hundred and ten times over, knew every market stall and shop and cathedral by heart. I considered exploring further parts of the city, but was far too afraid. Until one afternoon when I could take it no longer, and just said, \"What the hell.\" Not wanting to attract attention to myself in a strange part of town, I wore the plain black suit dress I'd come to Casablanca in all those months ago. I felt guilty, as I walked out of my familiar neighborhood radius. If I got caught by the police, or killed by a criminal, no one would be there to help Rachel, Anchel and Sarah. But , I told myself, what good would I do them if they found me and I had had a nervous breakdown from cabin fever? This was the poorer part of the city, it seemed. I didn't recognize most of the faces I saw, and the few I did were from Signor Ferrari's crowd. Ugarte's friend Bernardo caught notice of me while he stood smoking near an alley, but he said nothing. I also saw the infamous pickpocket from Rick's Café, strolling proudly down the street in a new safari helmet. I pulled my purse close as he strode by. This part of town was a maze of old buildings lined with makeshift canopies—blankets or pieces of metal held up with sticks. Crowded beneath them were stands of fruits and crafts. There were far more Moslem Moroccans here than French ones, and the foreign refugees and crooks I saw looked poorer than the ones in my own neighborhood. It was overall very crowded, and that made me feel relaxed. I am a person who has always enjoyed having a crowd to hide in. I bought myself an orange from a Moslem merchant, and looked for an out-of-the-way spot to eat it. I leaned against a stone wall between two fabric stands, and began to peel the orange with my fingernails. Amidst the sea of voices talking over each other in various languages, one nearby suddenly caught my attention. This was partially because she was right next to me, talking to the merchant at the fabric stand. But it was also because her voice sounded so different than the others; high and soft, almost winded, with an accent I couldn't immediately place. \"Excuse me Signor,\" the girl said. \"But I was wondering, if you'd be interested in making a purchase for your shop. I think you'll find a market for this vest.\" She was very young, possibly still in her teens. Her thick hair was dark brown, almost black, and her complexion was also quite dark. Her eyes were small, black, and slightly slanted. I wondered if she was a Spaniard, or else had some native Moroccan blood in her. Her clothing was not specific to any culture—just a white shirt with feint floral designs, and plain black skirt. The vest she was offering the merchant was gorgeous. It looked very much like something a Gypsy would wear. I'd seen some Gypsy performers on the streets and in restaurants, here and there around Europe. The vest was a dark red, with intricate designs of swirling leaves and flowers. The front was plated with gold and silver coins. I watched as they haggled over the price. I so badly wanted to offer the woman a bid myself, but the prices they were discussing were more than I could afford. The woman took notice of me at one point, and I looked away, taking a bite of my orange. I bit too hard, and sent some bits of juice flying onto the man's fabrics. The girl's eyes flicked for a moment to the orange juice drops on the folded fabrics, but said nothing. The merchant didn't notice. I continued my orange, trying to pretend nothing had happened. Finally, they agreed on a price, and the vest was sold. Then, to my surprise, the girl approached me. \"Excuse me Miss,\" she said timidly. \"I was wondering if, perhaps, you'd be interested in purchasing a piece of jewelry.\" She reached into a small cloth bag she was carrying. I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand, and said apologetically, \"I'm quite poor at the moment.\" \"It wouldn't be much,\" the girl pulled out a thick bracellette that glistened in the sunlight. \"This looks like real gold, but it's really only gold-plated. I think you'd find it affordable.\" I leaned over, wiping my hand on the tip of the handkerchief in my breast pocket. The bracelet looked like a gold cuff, made of a thin metal. It was split into segments, and decorated with little floral designs similar to the vest she'd just sold. \"It is beautiful,\" I admitted. \"It looks like something a Gypsy girl would wear.\" For just a second, the girl looked uncomfortable. Then she asked me, \"Are you fond of Gypsy jewelry?\" \"Yes. Well no. I mean, I'm not certain I could pick out what is Gypsy jewelry or not. But I've seen many Gypsies perform, when I lived in France. I enjoyed always the way they looked. How they dressed themselves I mean.\" \"If you wore this,\" the girl said in a low voice, \"You could tell all your friends that you were wearing a real Gypsy bracelet, that you bought from a real Gypsy girl.\" Excitedly, I asked, much too loudly, \"Are you really a—?\" The girl's eyes bulged, and my mouth snapped shut. What the hell was wrong with me ? We both looked around for policeman, or unfriendly faces. Luckily we saw none. Swallowing, I apologized. \"I'm so sorry.\" Well, now I had better buy something from this poor girl. \"What was the price again?\" The girl named a price. It sounded reasonable. But could I justify spending the money on a piece of jewelry? Then I recalled Carmen's comment about my Spanish dress, and the accessories I should get to match it. This bracelet could help with my disguise. Nazis wouldn't suspect a poor Jewish refugee of spending money on jewelry. They'd see me all decked up and think I was a rich Spanish girl, just in Rick's Café for the drinks and roulette. I named a slightly lower price for her. We bartered a bit, until agreeing on something. \"I'll need to get the money from my apartment,\" I said. \"You can come and we'll make the transaction there.\" \"All right.\" We headed back towards my apartment, making conversation on the way about the weather and the buildings and the latest motion pictures in theaters. \"I can't remember the last time I saw a picture in the theaters,\" I said. \"Does Casablanca even have a theater?\" the girl asked me. \"I don't think that it does.\" Once we were in the nicer part of town, I let down my guard a little more. \"My na…You can call me Sofie.\" After a pause, she said, \"It's good to meet you Sofie. I'm Annina.\" I wondered if this was her real name or not. After all, I hadn't given her mine. But I didn't pry. As we conversed, I secretly felt both an excitement and apprehension about Annina's heritage. I am today quite ashamed to admit that, at this point, I viewed Gypsies as something almost subhuman. Something rare and exotic, but also dangerous and untrustworthy, like the elves or fairies in one of my fantasy books. In all the times I had encountered Gypsies in clubs and cafes and on the streets, my only conversations with them were short, and took place only when I was getting a palm reading or purchasing something from them. Most of them seemed decent enough people, though there was one time when I'd had my purse stolen by some Gypsy children, and another when I'd purchased a useless watch. Most of what I thought I knew about them was from rumors and literature. While talking to Annina about such ordinary things as the weather and cartoons, I ignorantly assumed that her \"Gypsy\" heritage must be muddled—that she was a born Gypsy raised by Whites, or simply a tanned white woman with one Gypsy ancestor, something along those lines. That a person might simply be a Gypsy and a person was literally unthinkable to me. When we reached my apartment, Annina stood in the kitchen by the partially-opened door, while I went to fetch my money from under my bed. I was just lifting up my mattress, when a sound from the next room made me stop dead. \" Guttentag, frauline !\" The door to my bedroom was closed, because the place I kept my money was secret (even from Yvonne). I was tempted to move something in front of the bedroom door and barricade myself inside, but the thought of leaving the Gypsy teenager alone with a possible Nazi was unacceptable. I forced myself to step forward and pull the door opened. Annina was still standing in front of the doorway, facing me, stiff as a board. Behind her, in the half-opened apartment door, a fat, piggish little German man was grinning at her. He was clearly drunk by the way he swayed back and forth, gripping the door frame for support. His manner of dress was also a giveaway; he wore a Nazi police cap, an opened trench coat, striped underpants, and a worn undershirt that revealed far too much of his hair, blubbery form. Annina seemed to be taking this far better than I was. She refused to look back at him. Her face held a forced calm, unlike my own; I recall how tightly my eyes were bulging at the sight of the grotesque man. Annina looked at me, as if to ask if this man was a neighbor. I tried to tell her that I had no idea who this lunatic was, using only my eyes. Slowly, Annina reached behind her and pushed the door shut. The Nazi pushed it back opened. \"Sister of yours, frauline?\" he asked, grinning at me with his beady eyes. I decided that now was as good a time as any to introduce my Catholic Spaniard character to Casablanca. \" Ay mis dios !\" I exclaimed in my best imitation of Carmen's accent. Looking at Annina, I added, \"What is this man doing in our home, Carmen?\" Annina gave her head the tiniest of shakes, and shrugged. The drunk Nazi laughed, \"Spanish sisters! I've struck gold!\" Spain, to my knowledge, was on decent terms with the Third Reich. So a Spanish woman should be able to get away with losing her temper to him. Stalling for time, I demanded, \"Are you drunk Senor? It's the middle of the afternoon!\" I pointed to the kitchen window, where the Moroccan sun shone brightly. \" Drrrrunk as a skunk !\" he sang a few verses of some German tune, while Annina and I looked at each other. I folded my arms. \"What are you doing here? I know all of my neighbors, you are not one of them!\" He said something in German, and then (perhaps translating), added, \"I'm not your neighbor… she is!\" He gestured behind him to the door of my neighbor, Mrs. LeClair, a French Casablancan widow. She was older, perhaps in her forties. I was disappointed to learn that she associated with Nazis, but not altogether surprised. \"Then you're her problem, not ours!\" I slammed the door before he could get another word in, and bolted it. Annina and I looked at each other, terrified. The drunk Nazi continued to pound on my door, rambling drunkenly in a medley of languages. Annina whispered, \"He might attract attention, from other Nazis.\" I swallowed. \"No Nazis live in this building. Not soldiers I mean.\" I had no idea how many political Nazis were among my neighbors, which was the reason I didn't trust most of them. \"What if your neighbor has a troop of them in her room?\" We looked back at the bolted door, listening to the Nazi lose enthusiasm. A moment later, I heard the voice of my neighbor, angrily shouting in French. She and the Nazis began a lover's quarrel, mostly in French. \"What are they saying?\" Annina whispered, looking to be on the verge of tears. Straining my ears, I replied, \"They're fighting. She's insulting him, calling him a lazy drunk. My French is not fluent, but I know enough…\" More arguing. \"She called him a fat bastard.\" The barest hint of a laugh touched Annina's lips. The Nazi man said some more, and I caught, \" Rick's Café American !\" \"He said something about going out tonight. He mentioned Rick's Café American.\" \"Rick's,\" Annina repeated. \"My husband is there, trying to gamble money for our exit visas.\" I wasn't surprised to hear this. I continued listening to the Nazi and Miss LeClair. \"I suppose,\" I mused, \"He's planning to be gone by tonight. I hope she stays cross with him, and doesn't invite him back.\" The voices faded, as the Nazi and my neighbor vanished back into her room. \"He was some dresser,\" Annina said, trying to lighten the mood. \"He reminded me of Porky the Pig.\" I added, to which Annina gave a genuine giggle. Annina's laughter was short lived, as more frightening realizations came to her. \"If your neighbor loves a Nazi, she might tell them that a Jew is living across the hall.\" I breathed deeply. \"She couldn't know I'm a J—\" I looked back at Annina, my mouth hanging opened. \"H-How…?\" Annina looked shocked with herself, as if she hadn't been thinking when she'd spoken. Staring at the floor, she said, \"Your reminded me, somehow, of my husband. And you hated the Nazis so, so I guessed. And then, when I saw your Chai ,\" Her dark eyes drifted to the kitchen table, where a number of my sketches sat, disorganized. One unfinished drawing, which I'd started just the previous night when I couldn't sleep, was the Hebrew symbol of the Chai , formed in flames. Even Yvonne had had no idea what I'd been drawing. I'd told her it was just some shape I'd seen somewhere, and she hadn't questioned it. (The topic of my religion was something we almost had a no-talk rule about.) Still whispering, I asked, \"You're married to a,\" I looked again at my locked door. \"A Jewish man?\" Annina nodded. \"Just a little over seven weeks, we've been married. We scarcely even had time to tell our families. With the way things are in Bulgaria…\" Her eyes went back to the door. \"Supposing he sobers up later on, and returns with others?\" \"You'll be long gone then.\" I turned back to my bedroom. \"I'll get you your money and you'll be off.\" \"But what about you? I can't just leave you here, with a Nazi.\" \"I live here. I can't just up and leave, I've nowhere to—\" \"Just until he's gone! Maybe he'll forget all about us, and never come back. If you're not here when he's sober again, he won't be reminded. But if you were, and he saw and remembered…I couldn't live with myself. We'll go to my apartment. I've no one else to talk to for the rest of the day anyway. With Jan away.\" I nodded slowly. \"All right.\" I got the money from my bed and gave it to Annina, then put the bracelet in the shoe box where I kept the few bits of jewelry I'd acquired in Casablanca. I then took everything I wouldn't want a Nazi to find if he searched the apartment, which was the four exit visas, and all of my Jewish-related or anti-Nazi drawings. I folded the drawings (there were only four or five) around the visas and tucked them into an inner pocket in my suit coat. I left a note for Yvonne by the coffee maker, telling her that I'd gone out with friends and might be back at any odd hour of the night. Then I followed Annina out of the apartment, down the hall. \"I suppose if he enjoys drink,\" I mused, \"He'll go out tonight like he said, whether his lady friend joins him or not.\" Bitterly I added, \"And he'll find himself another lady if she doesn't.\" Annina looked at me, but said nothing. She took me across the city, to the place where she and her husband were staying. It was an apartment similar to Yvonne's and mine, only smaller and in less good condition. Annina put on some coffee, and we just stayed locked inside, having had our fill of Casablanca for one day. \"I can't remember the last time I talked to another woman.\" Annina took a seat at the tiny table, giving me my coffee. \"Jan is so protective, he wants me to speak to no one. I get the feeling, other wives are being told the same thing.\" \"Yvonne and I socialize,\" I said. \"But thinking on it…yes. When I'm in the market, or at Rick's, many of the women stay close to a man. They don't speak as much to each other, as do the men.\" Thinking it was safe to talk to Annina, I added, \"My sister and I talked all the time to each other, through letters or sometimes a telephone. I miss her.\" Pouring her own coffee, Annina said, \"I had three sisters.\" Something dropped inside me, at that. Wanting to change the subject, I asked her, \"How did you run into a Jewish husband, if it's not too bold to ask?\" Annina set down the coffee pot and had a seat. \"I didn't. He ran into me . Jan was playing a game with some friends, from where he worked. They dared him to go into a Gypsy camp and steal a chicken. I was inside the wagon patching a dress. Well, it wasn't a wagon anymore.\" She opened her mouth, as if trying to decide how much to reveal to me. \"You see, I grew up traveling. We traveled all around Bulgaria. It was the way of us. Roma were unwelcome in most places, so we've become used to travel.\" I wondered what Romans had to do with anything, but she was leaving no space in her speech for me to ask questions. \"But then when I was maybe thirteen or fourteen, the police ordered that we must stay put, no more traveling. So all of the Romani caravans were converted into houses. We just took off the wheels.\" So she was something called a \"Romani,\" a word I'd never heard before, and they traveled in wagons, like— Ah . It hadn't occurred to me before, that the Gypsies might call themselves by a different name. I felt a little stupid now, for never thinking of it. In fact, hadn't the word \"Gypsy\" come about because someone in Europe had mistaken these strange newcomers for \"Egyptians?\" \"I heard the chickens making a racket, and I looked. I saw a man, much too old to be playing a game, taking our rooster. I assumed he must be a straight-up thief, and I went out to confront him. I put my hands on my hips, and asked if he wanted that I should report him to the police. And then he looked up at me, and, and he froze.\" Annina looked down at her coffee, and I saw her cheeks turn red. \"He tells me now, he couldn't believe how beautiful I—\" She looked back up at me. \"Jan is a boy. He may be twenty-two, but inside he is really such a boy. He is rash. I think, if any other Jewish boy had wandered into a, a Gypsy's camp, he wouldn't talk to a woman there, whatever she looked like. But Jan only cares about one thing at a time.\" \"But you know better.\" I said, a smile touching my lips. A tiny shrug. \"I knew I shouldn't. But he was very handsome. And charming, and kind. And he took me all over the city, places I'd never been able to go before. We were together in secret for over a year. We weren't certain if anything was going to come from it or not, but then—\" her eyes flicked down again, just for a moment. \"Well. You know how sometimes, when a man and a woman love each other, things move very quickly.\" Being the slow person that I am, I entirely missed what Annina was implying, and just nodded politely for her story to continue. \"So we knew now, we had to get married, and we had to tell our families. What was left of them. Bulgaria went bad, very bad, very quickly. Jan's mother and brother were taken away. All three of my sisters, and so many of my cousins and aunts and uncles. Then my mother…took her own life, when she found out where they'd went…\" An uncomfortable silence overtook the room. Finally, I very plainly said, without looking at her, \"My parents both, and also my sister's husband Vladek. He was shot.\" With a shaking hand, I raised my coffee to my lips. \"Poland,\" I added, before drinking. \"So, you left Bulgaria.\" \"Yes. We had no time at all to lose. We had to make a fast decision, with a baby on the way, and—\" I nearly choked on my coffee, and did a double take at Annina's stomach. You could hardly tell; she must have been very early along. But there was just the barest hind of a rounding, made less obvious by her loose-fitting shirt. \"Well,\" she said. \"The baby was the final decision.\" Perhaps too casually, I asked, \"What faith might you raise him?\" \"Or her. Jewish, I suppose. I've never been a very devoted Catholic after all. Though, Jan's never been a very devoted Jew.\" Gypsy and a Catholic! …and why not? A Pol, Russian, or Spaniard might pick from any number of religions, so why not a Romani? \"I suppose this is rude,\" I said. \"But you're very different than the Gypsies I've seen before.\" \"You must've only seen performers.\" Annina said, with a shrug. That made sense. \"I suppose you can't all be dancers or guitarists,\" I said. \"Just so like Americans cannot all be movie stars.\" Annina's eyebrows went up a little. \"Are you familiar with Charlie Chaplin?\" \"That funny little man with the mustache like Hitler? Only he wears it much better than that pig. Yes, I quite like him!\" \"My father used to tell me, he heard a rumor Charlie Chaplain was one of us. By his mother's side.\" \"Charlie Chaplin's a Gypsy?\" \"Born in a wagon, supposedly! But who can say. It makes a kind of sense, though. We Roma have had such little opportunity to be anything but performers, to earn money. So if one of us is going to make his way to fame, it would almost certainly be through performing.\" Our conversation took us onward, into our families, our countries of origin, our hatred for the Nazis, the way the \"gentile\" or the \"ganje\" treated Jews and Gypsies in Europe. It seems Annina and I were both quite ignorant in the past, as much as most Europeans. Though she'd never harbored hatred for Jews, Annina admitted she'd once looked down on non-Christians in a patronizing way, much way I'd looked down on non-whites. Whether her and Jan's parents would change their positions on the subjects, she would never know, as she and Jan were both now orphans thanks to Hitler. Jan had a cousin in America, who'd written a letter that they could stay with him when they arrived. He knew Annina was not Jewish, but he did not know of her heritage. I told her I was sure he wouldn't mind, but secretly I wondered. When it came my turn to talk, I told her of my sister and her children, and how I was waiting for them to come so we would all leave together. And of course, this led to the subject turned to exit visas. \"A man helped me,\" I said carefully. \"His price is cheap. But so are his morals. Come to think of it he's more a rat than a man. His hands are dirty almost as the Nazis.' No, don't worry, he's no friend to the Nazis. But he's no friend to you or I either, unless you pay him, or flatter his pride long enough. Excuse me,\" I began fishing in my pocket for a cigarette. \"He'll look at you with big sweet eyes, smile like a Cheshire cat, and talk so like one, purring and flattering, but he's a boar, plain and simple. No, he's a, he's a flea on a boar. Sucking it's blood to stay alive.\" I finally found my cigarette. Annina watched me light up, her face impassive. \"Jan and I have had our fights. Perhaps not as many as others. But we always came around.\" I took out my cigarette and exhaled, avoiding eye contact with her. I felt a bit embarrassed. I had made it rather obvious, hadn't I. \"You're an intuitive person Annina,\" I said. \"But you do not know this man. I've known Ugarte closely, more than most. I've seen his character. He's not a boy in the playful way, as your Jan. Ugarte thinks only for himself.\" \"Then I'm sorry,\" she said diplomatically. \"It wasn't my place to say.\" I spent the next several minutes of silence, pondering what, if anything, made me better than Ugarte. I hadn't exactly stuck my neck out for refugees when it wasn't convenient. Would I have given Annina that money if the bracelet wasn't so beautiful? Was I letting my selfish emotions stop me from doing what was morally right? \"I'll talk to him though.\" I finally said. Annina looked up, from her now-empty coffee cup. \"Ugarte. I'll talk to him, ask if he can get for you a visa, for a low price. Maybe, maybe I can convince him to be a little bit more kind to his customers this time. In fact, let's go to Rick's. Right now. It's dark, he'll be there I'm sure.\" \"I can't go there,\" Annina shook her head. \"I'm underage.\" \"Oh. Well then…I'll go, and I'll tell him to save for you two some visas. I'll bring word tomorrow.\" We arranged to meet in front of Rick's the following morning, at ten o'clock. I thanked her for the coffee, and put on my coat. Annina then reluctantly bid me goodbye. She was not going to risk stepping into Casablanca's streets at night without her husband. A/N: Annina and Jan Brandel's heritage and religion are never revealed in \"Casablanca.\" Some reviewers seem to assume that they're Jewish. Annina's dialogue, when talking to Rick, implies that they're just average Bulgarians who want a more peaceful home than war-torn Europe; but of course every minority refugee would use that excuse, rather than tell morally-neutral-Rick what they really are. I chose to make Annina a Roma based on her \"exotic\" looks, and a desire to address the Romani persecution in WWII. Because she and Jan have such a strong love, I decided their situation should be unusual, and went for the mix-marriage. Annina's being pregnant is also my own personal interpretation. I picked up some subtext, when she told Rick, \"We don't want to raise the children in Bulgaria\" as their reason for leaving the country. Finally, Charlie Chaplin. He was indeed half Romani Gypsy, but this information was not public until recent years. The idea that Annina would hear a rumor about it in the 1940s is a stretch. But for a cheesy story like \"Casablanca,\" why not.[Chapter 9] AN: I don't own \"Casablanca.\" This chapter has been edited for embarrassing typos. Chapter 9: Morning Roulette I went straight from Annina's apartment to Rick's Café, not bothering to stop at home to change out of my plain suit or put on makeup. Sascha bid me hello as I entered. Brigitte, my French Casablanca-native friend, waved to me as I walked by, and I said hello. As expected, I found Ugarte at the Roulette Wheel. I should not have been surprised to find him chain-smoking and chain-drinking, as if his odds of winning were somehow proportionate to the amount of intoxicants he put into his body. Everyone looked pleased to see me, except him George Holden, that blond American journalist, called to me, \"Sofie! Long time no see!\" \"Hello George,\" I said off-handedly, coming around the table to Ugarte. As I did, another friend greeted me—Rita, the Spanish refugee, who I'd met through Yvonne. Rita's husband normally did the gambling, but it seemed she was now joining him. \"How've you been, Sofie? Marco's teaching me how to play!\" \"Good, Rita.\" I said quickly, almost dismissively. \"I mean, I've been good. Excuse me,\" I said apologetically, then turned to Ugarte. \"Monsieur Ugarte?\" Heads went up. George, Carmen, Pepe, and Saddako all noticed how I was addressing my sometime-lover formally now. They were all aware of our constant break-ups, and realized that Ugarte and I were now \"apart\" again. Ugarte blinked up at me,. \"Yes?\" Refusing to let those enormous eyes affect me, I said, \"I have a friend who you might want to meet. She and her husband are from out of town, and on their way to America. We can discuss it whenever you want.\" Ugarte seemed to think it over, taking a long sip of his alcohol. \"We've been in such a spot before, I think, Miss Sofie. You got eh, things from me before, for other people. It won't work a second time.\" He smiled, with that insufferable cherub grin. Even at his cruelest, Ugarte would normally be more discrete in public about his business affairs. I looked more carefully at his eyes and his mannerisms, and realized that he'd been drinking for a very long time already. \"My apologies Signor Ugarte. I was under the mistaken impression that you were sober. Very well. If you remember this conversation in the morning, you can find me at my apartment and we'll make plans then.\" I turned to look at Saddako, George, Carmen, Pepe, and Rita. I was very tempted to join my friends in the game. I missed them all so much, even from just a few days of not seeing them. But I didn't want to be anywhere near Ugarte right at this moment. \"I'm going to get a drink,\" I said. \"Maybe tomorrow I'll play a bit.\" \"Alright.\" Carmen nodded. \"I'll save a seat for you Sofie.\" I got my drink, and then found Yvonne and Brigitte. We socialized a bit, before deciding we were all tired and called a cab home. I felt relieved to find no Nazis in the apartment complex. I told Yvonne about the fat, drunken officer, who'd bullied Annina and me. Of course, Yvonne just shrugged it off. \"She may not love the Nazis or hate them,\" Yvonne said, referring to our neighbor. \"She's probably just being smart.\" \"Getting close to a Nazi is smart ?\" I snapped. \"For some people. If you're able to get on their good side. I know you shouldn't go near a Nazi, Sofie, obviously. I'm not stupid. But for a German woman like her, maybe it's not so stupid.\" \"Well I still don't like it.\" I said. \"You would think it might occur to her that some of her neighbors…\" I sighed. I was too tired for this fight. \"Goodnight, Yvonne.\" We turned in. In my dreams, Annina, Yvonne and I discussed politics and family over coffee, at a table in Rick's Café. I was distracted by a large theater screen behind Sascha's bar, which was playing episodes of Porky Pig and Bugs Bunny. Porky and Bugs were tossing a lit bomb back and forth to each other. I kept my eye on the screen, trying to look around Sascha as he moved to get drinks, to see whether Porky or Bugs would ultimately get the explosion. And at the same time, I was trying to listen, or pretend to listen, to Yvonne and Annina. To make it even more of a strain, I began to hear Ugarte in the distance somewhere, calling my name. Ugarte's voice grew louder. And then another voice, which I didn't recognize, bellowed, \" SHUT IT !\" I jumped where I lay. A dream. Of course, it was a dream. There was no movie theater in Rick's cafe, certainly not behind Sascha's bar, where all the alcohol bottles were supposed to be. But god damn it, I wanted to know how that cartoon was going to end! Outside, Ugarte's voice called hoarsely,\"I'm looking for Sofie!\" The cranky voice from the window answered, \"There's no Sofie here, you drunken idiot!\" I sat up, and pushed opened my window. Yvonne groaned and stirred. I hated to wake her, especially like this. I hoped Ugarte might see me, without my having to yell. I tried waving to him. He stood below on the street, staring up at the window on the building next to ours. Drunkenly, he asked the man in the other window, \"Do you know where-?\" \"NO!\" \"Ugarte,\" I called, trying not to be too loud. \"Guillermo!\" He didn't hear. I tried cupping my hands around my mouth. \"Guillermo Ugarte!\" The man in the other window pointed to me and yelled, \"Try her!\" He followed this with some French insults, and slammed his window shut. Ugarte turned finally, and saw me. \"Sofie!\" I put a finger to my lips, begging for discretion. Yvonne rolled over and groaned, \"I don't want that scum friend of yours here, Sofie.\" \"I'll go tell him to leave,\" I assured her. She didn't answer. I threw my long coat over my nightgown, and hurried out of the apartment. I rushed down the hall, hoping not to wake nay of my neighbors-especially the Nazi-loving widow-and flew down the steps, to open the door for Ugarte. As soon as I had it opened just a crack, he slithered in, and we stood there in the tiny front foyer, whispering. \"What are you thinking, you drunken imbecile!\" I hissed. \"Coming at this hour? We'll discuss the customers in the morning , I said!\" Ugarte shook his head. \"I don't want to talk about that.\" \"Then what do you want to talk about?\" He didn't look at me. His face looked pained. But I was far past being impressed by his little \"helpless\" act. \"Guillermo, if you want to shed tears and apologize and kiss, that too can wait for the morning.\" But he was shaking his head. \"No, no, no. I don't want for that,\" he slurred. \"I don't want.\" Drunkenly, he put his hands on the lapels of my coat. He often did this when he was about to beg me, or a close friend, for something serious. \"I wannu hear 'bout th'camps Sofie.\" \"What?\" I hissed. \"The asylums . Where they put—the Nazis. Where they Nazis put them, the people. The mad people. People with eh,\" his eyes flared, just for a moment. \"Sick people. Did they put women there?\" Just when I was maybe starting to get over it, he had to bring up that poor family he'd doomed again? \" What ?\" \"Women. If a woman should be insane, would the Nazis put her in a gas-chamber-asylum, so like you told me?\" I nodded angrily. \"Yes, you know that they do Guillermo! Why do you ask me these questions, when you know already the answers?\" \"They might only be rumors…\" \"Rumors made up by whom? Jews, Gypsies, mad men, Communists, homosexuals, people with no connection to each other, all just happen to think up the same rumor? Does that sound… sound ? …Ugarte?\" He was leaning closer to me. His usual aroma of cigarette smoke and incense was clouded now with disguising alcohol breath. He looked like he might collapse into tears at any moment. Was this all from guilt, over that Jewish family? \"Guillermo?\" I put my arms around him. \"Guillermo, what? What is it?\" He finally replied, \"1939.\" He was speaking slowly, trying to fight his drunkenness and speak clearly. \"That was when th' Nazis moved my mother from her institution, to a…differ'nt one. Never got even to say goodbye to her.\" His head shook again. \"None of us ever heard from her. Jus'…vanished.\" His kneaded the fabric of my coat in his fists. I was at a loss for words. \"Oh god, Guillermo, I, I-\" A light passed by the window in the door, as a car drove past. We both froze, until it had passed. When the lobby was dark again, I could still see the tears running down Ugarte's face. I was so tempted to join him in crying, but my fear at that moment trumped my sorrow. Someone had to take charge. \"Guillermo it's not safe here. Come upstairs. Come on!\" I urged him up to the apartment. We entered the bedroom without waking Yvonne. This time we really did mean to use it for sleeping; neither of us was in the mood for romance. I woke the next morning with Ugarte wrapped around me, fully clothed, his gold-colored suit now badly wrinkled. I sat up, and saw that Yvonne wasn't in her bed. She was in the kitchen, preparing breakfast and coffee. Today was Saturday, my day off. A lucky thing, I realized, when I looked at the clock on the wall. It was almost nine in the morning. I stretched and yawned, then slipped out of bed. Ugarte was still in a deep sleep. He looked so much like a child, it made me feel all the more sick inside about what I'd learned the night before. I stepped into the kitchen. \"Yvonne?\" \"Hello Sofie.\" She was at the stove. \"I'm making eggs for the three of us.\" \"Oh,\" I looked back at Ugarte. \"Thank you. I wouldn't have invited him in, but it wasn't safe out that late.\" \"It's alright.\" She sounded distracted. She poured the scrambled eggs into a bowl, and set them on the kitchen table. \"I got a letter from my brother.\" \"Oh! How is he keeping?\" \"Better than our father.\" Blinking calmly down at the eggs, she added, \"He's dead.\" I gaped at her. \"Oh Yvonne, I'm…\" She didn't react. \"It's alright Sofie. I had a feeling for a long time now. He was very old, and in poor health. So anyhow, Christophe is leaving France. He got himself a transfer to Casablanca. He wants to watch over me.\" \"Yes, you mentioned.\" Taking some eggs I added, \"So he can meet Rick now, and Sascha, and Rita and Brigitte…\" Yvonne nodded. \"Yes.\" No doubt her lack of enthusiasm was related to the fact that Rick obviously did not love her. Ugarte eventually woke up, and the three of us ate. Yvonne was surprisingly civil to him. This was probably helped by the fact that both of them were not entirely themselves that morning. \"Ugarte,\" I said. He looked up from lighting himself a cigarette. \"The people I was telling you about, who wanted to do some business with you. The wife will be in front of Rick's Café in about an hour. We agreed on ten o'clock. I can go myself and tell her if you want to meet with them later tonight.\" \"No. I'll go with you after breakfast, and meet them right away. Ten o'clock was it?\" \"Yes.\" \"Alright. I'll want to stop at my apartment to change into clean clothes first.\" Yvonne looked at us, but didn't say anything. Ugarte and I met Annina and Jan in front of the café. Ugarte then led us all to an alleyway, to discuss what we didn't want the police to overhear. Annina and I both stood next to our men, listening silently while they discussed the visas. They haggled a bit, and eventually decided on a price that Jan predicted to have in about one week. \"Alright,\" Ugarte said. \"I'll keep the visas for you. If you have any questions for me, you can find me at Rick's Café. I'll be there every evening until ten.\" Jan nodded. \"Thank you Monsieur. Thank you.\" I thought Annina might burst into tears of joy. She gave a farewell nod to Ugarte and me. With that, the Brandel couple left. They had possessions to sell in the marketplace, and odd jobs to look for to make money. \"Well,\" Ugarte sighed to me. \"What now. I think I have a good mind to play some Roulette.\" It seemed as good a way as any to pass time until lunch. \"Yes,\" I agreed. \"Let's go.\" He held out his arm. I took it, and we headed back around to the front of the café. \"If they can't pay in time,\" I asked him quietly. \"You'll make some other arrangement, won't you? I'll make up the difference myself if I must. I promised that girl—\" \"Don't be afraid of that Sofie. I'll help them. It won't be anything like last time.\" His voice was low and flat. He was telling the truth, I think. \"But you know Sofia, you will have to understand it, someday. Casablanca is a harsh place. The world is a harsh place. You've got to take what you can. If I were to die on you today, better that you should—\" \"Ja, ja, I know.\" He'd told me this a hundred times over. \"Go through your pockets and let nothing be wasted.\" He chuckled. \"But not my cigarettes. Those, I take to the grave.\" \"Of course. I wouldn't want your old cigarettes anyway, with your spit all over them.\" We entered the café arm in arm. It was the same every time we got back together. We'd enter the café as a couple again, and I would be self-conscious of people looking at us and whispering…but almost no one ever did. Break-ups and get-back-together happened regularly at Rick's Café. And most people who recognized Ugarte didn't know me, or pay me much mind. They were interested in how he might help or hurt them, not who he was sleeping with. The café felt very empty this early in the day. The only regulars at the Roulette Wheel were Saddako, George, and that old Jewish woman with the sad eyes—\"Minga,\" she had us all call her. Ugarte ordered an alcoholic drink from the waiter, and I got a coffee. We all chatted as we played, about the latest gossip in the café, completely forgetting for a while that there was any war. \"Saddako,\" I said at one point, while laying down my cards. \"I feel I should apologize. For the behavior of my roommate a few days ago.\" \"Who, Yvonne?\" Saddako didn't look up from shuffling her cards. \"It's nothing Sofie. I'd forgotten all about it. Anyway, you can't control what your tenant does, any more than I can control my country's government.\" \"And what country might that be, Madame?\" An Asian man had stridden over behind Saddako. He was nicely dressed in a black suit, and a white bowtie. Smiling at him, Saddako said, \"Japan.\" \"I'm Japanese myself.\" He then said something to her in Japanese. I found it quite cute, to watch the two of them flirt in Japanese. I noticed, however, that George looked uncomfortable. This might have been jealously, or it might have been because the Japanese man was a possible enemy; whether he was loyal to his country's government or not would in turn indicate whether he agreed with the Nazis or not. Saddako of course was against the Axis Powers, morally, but she socially claimed neutrality like Rick, if you could even get her to talk about politics at all. I soon lost interest in the game, and let Ugarte take over my chips. I sipped my coffee, people-watching, and getting lost in the soft piano music of Rick's chief musician Sam. In all the months I'd been here, I'd not said two words to the piano player. Not that there was any reason I should; even if we'd been the same race, the age difference made friendship unlikely. Someone was befriending him though. When the door to the game room opened, I could see a young Colored woman, with a rather light complexion, sitting by the piano and making eyes at Sam. He returned the gesture while he sang \"One More Kiss Dear.\" My eyes moved to another part of the café, where an older couple, both heavy-set, were speaking with some Nazi soldiers in German. The husband and wife's smiles looked forced, and they seemed like they wanted to get away. Whatever their reasons, I liked the idea of Germans who had no genuine love for Hitler. The roulette game wound to a finish. George Holden collected his winnings, while watching the Japanese man collect his new winnings, in a manner of speaking. Saddako and her new admirer left the game room to get lunch together. Ugarte and I decided that was a good idea, and followed them out. Ugarte and I ate mostly in silence, occasionally making comments on the weather or Sam's music. \"I don't think I've heard this song before.\" I mused. \" K-K-K-Kaaty, beautiful Katy, you're the only one that I adooore … when the moon shines, over the mountain, I'll be knocking at the k-k-k-kitchen door… \" Ugarte made a sound. \"I don't think I have either. Sounds like some American tune.\" More silence. I almost asked Ugarte how he could smoke and eat at the same time (wouldn't it affect his food's flavor?) but decided not to. \"I wonder if it's about the 'speakeasies.'\" I said. \"Like in those gangster pictures, where alcohol is against the rules, so people have to knock on doors and say a password to get into a secret bar. You know, 'moon shine,' like 'moonshine' alcohol.\" A cheery voice nearby said, \"It's about a soldier, returned from the first Great War!\" It was the pickpocket. He was wearing a blue pinstriped suit that he'd probably stolen that morning, and that odd safari helmet with it. \"It's an old tune from America, at least twenty years old. A soldier with a stutter loves a girl named—\" Ugarte was narrowing his large eyes at the pickpocket, slowly taking a drag from his cigarette. I tensed, worrying that Ugarte was thinking about having another go at this thief. \"I…can see you're busy,\" the pickpocket dipped his helmet at us. \"Good day!\" He hurried away and vanished into the crowd. Before Ugarte could decide whether to follow him, another man approached, and tapped his shoulder. \"Monsieur Ugarte, I've some business to discuss.\" He was an associate of Ugarte's who I'd seen around here and there. He was not, however, one of the Blue Parrot crowd. Something about him seemed more…clean, than Ugarte or Ferrari. What his game was, I hadn't a clue. He was a tall young man, with a face and build that made me think of a ferret. \"Will this take long?\" Ugarte asked, fiddling with his cigarette. \"No, only a few minutes at most. It's an opportunity I don't think you'll want to pass on.\" Looking interested, Ugarte excused himself from me, and followed his friend out of the café. He returned perhaps ten minutes later, looking pleased but also apprehensive. We finished our lunch, and he walked me home. I normally never asked Ugarte about his business, and he rarely told me about it (except when narrating one of his big fish stories of course). \"I'll be going away for a few days,\" Ugarte said, as we walked up the stairs to my apartment. \"Just two or three.\" \"Don't forget about that couple, Jan and Annina.\" I reminded him casually. \"I promised that girl, I'd try to help her.\" \"Don't worry, my dear. I've got already their visas, they'll be out of here and on their way to America in a week. If they have any problems with the money, they'll come to me and I'll make some other kind of arrangement to help them.\" \"Not the same kind of arrangements as Captain Renault,\" I asked, half serious. \"I don't think so. Somehow Sofie, I feel you're the only woman in all of Casablanca who could even consider such a thing when it comes to me. You seem a smart enough girl otherwise, besides loving a crook like Guillermo Ugarte.\" He grinned at me, opening my door. I smiled and stepped inside. \"Well you just be careful.\" He gave one short rasp of a chuckle. \"When I'm returned Sofia Beckman, you'll be more impressed with me than you ever have.\" \"That's not saying much Ugarte.\" I kissed him. \"What are you up to this time? Are you going to kill me my Nazis already?\" \"Maybe.\" Still the cute smile. \"Well whatever you do,\" I joked, \"Wash your hands, and clean up after yourself.\" Turning down the hall, he looked over his shoulder and assured me, \"I won't even plan to get my hands dirty in the first place.\" I giggled, watching him go. Then I locked the door, and spent the afternoon sketching and listening to the radio. A/N: Next chapter will hopefully be up soon.[Chapter 10] A/N: There is no diagram or map of Rick's Café from \"Casablanca,\" and in the scene where Ugarte runs from the police, there are several times where it's unclear exactly what rooms he is running through. So I was forced to hazard at some guess work. I do not own \"Casablanca.\" Chapter 10: Ugarte's Arrest Signor Ugarte's death is wrought with conflicting rumors. The two most popular theories are that he \"committed suicide,\" or \"died trying to escape\" (from prison). Some simply say that he was \"taken away and never heard from again.\" Others still insist he was murdered in prison; either by inmates in a brawl, or by an over-enthusiastic interrogator. A few who liked him sometimes joke that he isn't dead at all, and that he escaped by convincing the guards to release him using his big, innocent eyes. Or that he couldn't die because he was already dead all along, a ghoul like Count Dracula. They say that his mistress feinted when she learned he was dead. Or that she feinted right when he was taken away by the police. There's one very sweet story about him dying romantically in her arms. On the other hand, some say that Ugarte was a crook so despised by everyone in Casablanca, that his own mistress simply went through his pockets after he was killed. Seeing as I was his mistress, and that I was with him his final night, I think that if someone should set the record straight it should be me. After Ugarte left Casablanca for his \"trip,\" the next few days were relaxing and dull for me. It gave both of us the time to put our latest feud behind us, and start fresh when he returned. Yvonne and I went shopping in the market with Carmen and Rita, for some new jewelry and dresses. I drew a sketch of all us women, and made a note to add in Brigitte next time I could get her to pose. I listened to current events on the news: updates on the war in Europe; weather forecasts; the murder of two German couriers in a nearby city; and a financial scandal involving some local politician I didn't care about. Yvonne and I were cleaning up breakfast when a hard knock at the door made us both look up. I figured I knew who it was, and set down the dish I was washing. No sooner was the door a crack opened than Ugarte snaked inside and quickly shut it behind him. \"The police might be here soon,\" he warned, bolting the door. \"You must tell them I've been here all night.\" His voice was low and serious. \" What ?\" I exclaimed. By the sink, Yvonne groaned, holding her head. \" Sofie …\" Whatever danger he was in, it was real—at least in his own mind—and not another one of his \"adventure\" stories. He'd probably been seen stealing or forging some visas, and was overacting about it. It probably wasn't the police themselves he was afraid of; he was probably afraid of the Fat Man learning he'd attracted the police. (\"The Fat Man\" was what many of the crooks, and by extension their friends and mistresses, called Signor Ferrari behind his bulbous back.) I sighed. \"Ugarte, go to Pepe and Carmen's house why don't you. I'll tell the police you were cheating on me with the two of them, and they'll ask no more questions after that.\" He shook his head. \"Too far away.\" Ugarte hurried into the bedroom, and began pulling off his shoes. He then pulled something out of his coat pocket—visas it looked like—and stuck them under my mattress. I sighed again and rolled my eyes to Yvonne, hoping to convey that I was just as irritated with my lover as she was. Ugarte tossed the suit coat and pants to the floor, and wrinkled them up with his foot for good measure. Then, in his underpants and buttoned shirt, he dove into my covers. His muffled voice ordered, \"Just tell them I've been asleep this entire morning.\" Yvonne came up next to me, resting her arm on the bedroom doorframe. \"You really are a rat, Monsieur Ugarte. Sofie can't have the police coming after her! She's had so many close calls already!\" I shook my head. \"They might not even come, Yvonne. He thinks all of his schemes are a hundred and ten times more devious than they really are.\" Under the blankets, Ugarte muttered something to himself in Italian. Yvonne didn't like it. \"Sofie, I can tolerate your having a pet rat, but can't he at least be an outdoor pet?\" \"Ah, what can you do.\" I shrugged. \"He's like a cat, just comes and goes as he pleas—\" Another knock at the door made us both stop dead. It was a short, trained knock, like a policeman's. Yvonne muttered, \" Qui a été rapide .\" ( That was quick .) Wearing a mask of calm innocence, I answered the door. It was Captain Renault, accompanied by two French police officers. I'd been expecting one or Renault's policeman, the captain himself. Perhaps that little squirt Ugarte really had done something big, after all! Renault seemed amused by the honest surprise on our faces. \"Excuse me Mademoiselle,\" Renault looked over me to my roommate. \"Hello Yvonne.\" Yvonne raised one eyebrow, and replied flatly. \"Hello, Louie.\" Just those four words, and the expressions on their faces, suddenly revealed everything to me. Oh please, him too Yvonne? \"I'm so sorry to bother you ladies in the middle of the morning.\" Renault's gentlemanly smile didn't conceal the ungentlemanly looks he was giving us (both in our nightgowns). \"I am looking for a Signor Ugarte. I got word he was friends with one of you, and heard me might be here.\" I looked back at the bedroom. \"Yes, he's here. He's been here since last night.\" Louie's dark eyebrows went up. \"Ooo, Ugarte is a lucky man! Ugarte,\" the Frenchman strode into the apartment and came to a stop in front of the bedroom door. \"Signor Ugarte!\" He rapped a gloved hand on the doorframe. Ugarte made a raspy whimper, which was hard for me not to laugh at, and poked his head out of the sheets. \"Oh….yes?\" \"Ugarte, I wondered if I might have a word with you,\" the French officer said innocently. \"Just a few routine questions. It seems two German couriers were found murdered this morning, en route to Casablanca. You wouldn't happen to have been anywhere near the train from Oran within the last few days?\" Oran . I'd heard that city's name recently, just in the last day or so. It was probably going to drive me crazy for the rest of the day, trying to recall where. \"Oran?\" Ugarte blinked. \"No…no. I was visiting a friend, over in Rabat.\" \"Rabat.\" Louie clasped his hands behind him and rolled his eyes vacantly, as if reliving some fond memory. \"Lovely city. You didn't by chance get a look at the Palace of Dar El Makhzen, did you?\" \"Oh, yes!\" Ugarte grinned. \"We didn't go inside, but my friend and his wife stopped their car nearby, so we could have a look. Beautiful work architecture.\" \"Very beautiful.\" Renault agreed. \"Well, if that's that, then I'll just be on my way. Thank you for your time Signor Ugarte.\" \"Louie,\" Yvonne stepped forward. \"That is, Captain Renault. You didn't happen to see Rick last night, did you? He was supposed to meet me for supper but never showed.\" \"Rick…oh yes, I did see Rick!\" Louie's eyes contorted into an apologetic expression. \"I'm afraid to say I saw him with a lady, an Italian woman with a very attractive beauty mark. Oh, but I'm sure she was only a friend. You know how Rick is, wanting to make sure all of his customers get home safe and sound after night falls.\" Yvonne stared ahead coldly. With her fists clenched at her sides, she replied icily, \"Yes. I do know. Thank you Louie.\" Renault was smiling far too widely when he and his men left the apartment. As soon as the door closed, I sighed once again, running a hand through my hair. \"Guillermo, I'm certainly glad that you and Renault are friends. I doubt any other policeman would have believed your pitiful story.\" \" I should say.\" Yvonne put her hands on her hips. \"Ugarte, you do realize that the Dar El Makhzen palace is in Tangier , not Rabat?\" Ugarte pushed up the covers and sat up, looking upset with himself. He cursed in Hungarian. I groaned again, dropping my face into my hands. \"Ugarte, whatever you did, I only hope you have money for to bail yourself out of jail.\" Ugarte shook his head. \"It's nothing. If Louie asks again at Rick's today, I'll just tell him I was tired, and had it confused with a different castle.\" I shook my head. \"Better that you should stay here, Guillermo. At least until I come home from work. You can afford yourself one day off.\" \"I don't want your crook in here all day, Sofie.\" Yvonne grumbled, and she went to finish the dishes. \"Don't worry Yvonne, I won't.\" Ugarte assured my roommate. \"I've got important business to attend to today.\" He stretched, catlike. \"I'll be at Rick's tonight Sofie, but I won't much be able to socialize. But maybe after my business is complete, we can head down to the Blue Parrot to celebrate, huh?\" \"Celebrate what?\" I was rubbing my eyes. \"Your stupidest adventure story yet? 'I toured a castle in Rabat that's not even in Rabat!'\" I marched around the kitchen, waving my hands enthusiastically. \"'I made the entire palace appear out of the air, with magical warlock powers! Poof ! Just lifted it from Tangier over to Rabat! So is the way I get all of the visa papers I deal out, that's my secret!'\" Yvonne and Ugarte were both laughing when I'd finished. Shaking his head, Ugarte said, \"I'll tell you it later, Sofie. It's a story I think you'll like very much. But not right now.\" \"Fine, fine. Have it your own way.\" When he thought it was safe, Ugarte re-dressed himself and put the visas back into an inner suit pocket. He had his hand on the door, ready to leave, then stopped himself. Slowly he turned back to me. \"Sofie, I think I better tell you this now.\" I sensed this was something serious. Yvonne did too. \"Should I give you two a moment alone?\" she offered. \"No, no,\" Ugarte said. \"You'll like this news Yvonne. But it may leave your friend with a bit of a heartbreak.\" Touching my cheek he confessed, \"I'm leaving Casablanca, Sofie.\" I swallowed, feeling myself fall inside. \"That was always the plan.\" \"Tonight will be my last night at Rick's Café. Tonight, I make my last business transactions. Oh, don't worry about your friend, the Gypsy girl and her husband. I'll be staying around a few days longer, just for my customers who are waiting on deals from me. I always keep my word about my deals.\" I smiled weakly. \"Then, you'll keep your word about us…being in America, together? After I get there with my sister and her children?\" That raspy chuckle. \"I think you're the only girl in America or Casablanca who would want me to say 'yes' to that. Of course I'll wait for you Sofia.\" My heart sank more, as I realized what a lie this was. He couldn't even \"wait for me\" when I was \"unavailable\" for one night. He'd probably be swarming in mistresses or hired women by the time I reached the States. Would he take me back as his main girl? Would I be over him by then? Would I even be able to find him, or would he just disappear? A crook like him would probably change his name and vanish into the crowds of New York… \"I—I'm happy for you Guillermo.\" I managed, holding back the tears. \"T-too bad you never got to kill me some Nazis yet, huh?\" \"Oh?\" he said, working that eyebrow. \"What makes you think I haven't?\" With a roll of his eyes, he glanced back at the door that Renault had excited through. Yvonne's eyebrows rose. \"That was you?\" He blinked back to her. \"Perhaps.\" I rolled my eyes heavenward, and snorted. \" Of course . Those murdered curious all over the news, that was the work of the notorious Guillermo Ugarte. The terrible criminal no one could catch! Let me guess, you got the job done so spectacularly, that there is no proof you had anything to do with it.\" Grinning like a schoolboy on Christmas morning, he nodded. \"No proof at all! I wasn't seen by anybody, and I had it done in less than a minute!\" \"Quick and deadly, like a panther,\" I said sarcastically. \"I'll tell you the whole story later,\" he assured me. \"You'll love it, I know you will. Oh, but uh, I do have proof. I'll show you.\" He fished through his wrinkled gold suit, and pulled out a small metal pin. It was a silver swastika, framed in a red circle with gold German writing. Roughly translated, it read, \"Long live the Master Race.\" A second, leafy ring of gold circulated the whole design. The entire thing was about the size of one of the Roulette chips Ugarte loved so much. I wanted to believe this pin had come from a dead Nazi. I wanted to believe it had come from a Nazi my Ugarte had killed himself. But the fact was, this pin could easily have been bought from a store, swiped from an unsupervised jacket draped over a chair, or picked up off of the ground. There was nothing remarkable about it. \"Oh, one more thing.\" Ugarte rummaged through that same pocket, and brought out my opal ring. \"It's cracked a little,\" he ran his thumb over the hairline fracture on the large stone, \"But who could tell from a distance, huh?\" I couldn't help but smile, as I let him slip it back onto my finger. Yvonne scoffed. \"Who did you steal that from?\" \"He didn't steal it,\" I corrected her. \"He won it off Bernardo, who bought it off a street rat, who stole it from a French policeman's wife.\" \"How in God's name can your remember all that?!\" Ugarte exclaimed. I shrugged. \"Well,\" Ugarte said, \"I have a lot to take care of before I leave for America. Debts to be paid, goodbyes to be said. I'll be at Rick's most of the day, but if I'm not there I might be at the Blue Parrot or the market place. And I suppose I'll want to change my suit,\" he glanced down at his wrinkled clothes. We said our goodbyes, and Ugarte was gone as quickly as he'd come. \"Do you think it really was him?\" Yvonne asked offhandedly. I blew through my lips. \"I think Renault would have stuck around a little longer if there was even a chance of it.\" I glanced again at the pin in my hands. \"It's cute, really, how he tries to seem so menacing.\" Yvonne shuddered slightly. \"He is , sometimes.\" This was true. Very, very true. I thought of all our fights, and of the cold cruelty he'd offered me when I first asked him about those visas. I thought about that squabble with the pickpocket, in the alley. I glanced again at the pin in my hand. Was it possible…? I pocketed the pin, deciding to put the thought away until after work. Real or phony, the pin would be a good thing to have. If I wore it around a Nazi, they might not suspect me of being an \"enemy.\" Yvonne and I finished dressing, and went our separate ways for work. I was in a sad mood, due to Ugarte's preparing to leave. I tried to remind myself that I'd had a live before Ugarte, and that I'd still have my friends to protect me. But it hurt deeply, that he didn't want to stay and wait for me. That he didn't want to wait and make sure my sister and niece and nephew made it alright. The truth, that he didn't really love me, was becoming harder and harder to burry. Yvonne wasn't in the best of moods either, due to the news on Rick's latest affair. Renault was such an ass, I thought. A gentleman perhaps two thirds of the time, of the time, but a colossal ass in the affairs of women. Especially the glamorous, attention-absorbing ones like Yvonne. Work in the market place went by normally until the middle of the morning, when a friend of Signor Haddad stopped by to share some news. They spoke in Arabic, and at a hundred words a minute. I continued stringing my beads, paying no mind to their conversation, until I heard Haddad's friend say the word \" Nazi .\" His tone of voice sounded urgent, and warning. He continued in Arabic, until I heard the words \"Major Strasser.\" I'd never heard of Major Strasser, but the way this man was speaking, I assumed he was a person you should hope never to meet. When the friend left, I asked my employer, \"Who is Major Strasser?\" \"A Nazi.\" Signor Haddad replied gravely. \"Arrived in Casablanca today, by plane. Someone of high profile. I should avoid him.\" Signor Haddad's limited English made it difficult to go into detail, but I got the idea. Whoever this Major Strasser was, one would want to put as much distance between him and themselves as possible. I prayed he wouldn't come anywhere near my apartment or Rick's Café. I finished work at noon (I now worked half a day on Saturday) and I returned home, debating whether I wanted to risk going to Rick's Café. If this Major Strasser was such a high profile person, it was a safe bet he'd want to visit the most high-profile café in the city. But, on the other hand, I was very curious as to what business Ugarte might have that day. (He did much if not most of his business at Rick's.) On my walk home, I passed some Nazi soldiers in the marketplace. I wasn't certain if they were with Strasser, or just some of the regular Nazis posted here, but I felt numb passing them either way. I decided right then to stay inside that night. Well, that idea lasted about half an hour. Yvonne wasn't home—no doubt she was off looking for Rick—so I was all alone. I closed the windows, for fear of being seen by a Nazi; then I opened them again for fear of looking suspicious. I jumped at every sound. I told myself how irrational I was being; there were always Nazis around, what difference should one new major make. But I longed more than ever for the safe company of Guillermo and my friends. I debated for several minutes, just pacing around the bedroom. All these decades later, it still chills me to wonder, whether it would have been better for me had I decided to stay in, or if I'm extremely lucky that I did not. When my anxiety became overwhelming, I found myself changing into the long, Spanish-styled dress Ugarte had bought me—the cream yellow one, with the red and green patterns. With my black hair and complexion, I would look natural in it, and hopefully fool any Nazi into thinking I was a Spaniard. After putting my hair up, I began searching for accessories. I pinned a cheap, fake white flower onto the side of my head. I found the large bracelet I'd bought from Annina, and slipped it onto the same arm I wore Ugarte's ring on. I put on two small gold hoop earrings—the most Spanish looking ones I owned. Then I grabbed my coat, knowing I'd want it after sunset; nights were often cold in Casablanca. I took the most crowded streets I could, trying to look casual and failing. I got some looks from people who could tell I was in a hurry. Before going straight to the Roulette room, I thought I'd say hello to Sascha. I noticed the barkeep leaning over the counter, speaking urgently to a plumb German couple. I allowed myself a smile, eager to get in on the gossip, then stopped dead when I heard what Sascha had to tell them. \"Major Strasser is coming to this café tonight!\" The couple seemed petrified by this news, and began speaking urgently to each other in German. Sascha's eyes met with mine, and he gave a short nod. \"You best get yourself to the Roulette room, and stay with your friends,\" he warned me. \"Or else go on home. The Major has not arrived yet.\" I swallowed, and glance back at the gaming room. This would Ugarte's last night at the Roulette wheel, and I wanted to play one more game with my lover. I and I'd spent all day clinging to the security of being surrounded by my friends. I didn't want to be alone. I wanted to talk about my fears to my friends, and hear their plans for avoiding Major Strasser. \"Thank you Sascha,\" I said. Simultaneously, the German couple headed towards the exit door, while I headed quickly to the Roulette room. When I crossed into the game room, the plump, Arab doorman looked at me as I went by, looked quickly at Rick. I stopped, wondering if I'd done something wrong. Rick gave me a passing glance, and then nodded to his doorman. As I stared in confusion, a curly-haired waiter in a tux stopped by me and said quietly, \"I don't know if you're aware ma'am. But for future reference, this is technically a private room. You must be approved by Rick before entering.\" \"Oh! Yes, actually, I, I did know that…\" I was so used to coming here with Ugarte or my friends that we'd usually been admitted without anyone even questioning us. I tried to remember how I'd reached the Roulette wheel those first few times, when I'd been alone, and honestly couldn't remember. I must've snuck past the door men and Rick accidently, just like when I'd accidently seduced those four exit visas from Ugarte all those months ago. My accidental stealth could make me a grand spy, I thought. \"Sorry, Monsieur,\" I mumbled. \"Not at all Madame! I'll take your coat for you if you'd like.\" \"Oh! Thank you…\" And I'd forgot to check my coat in upon entering the building. I was a right klutz today. A few of the regulars were at the table, but several hadn't arrived this early in the afternoon yet, including Ugarte. Though there weren't many of the \"regulars\" there yet, the table was plenty full. In fact, I couldn't find any available chairs. \"Sofie!\" Rita called from the table. \"What are you standing around for? Come join us!\" \"It seems I'll have to stand,\" I said, searching for a chair. \"Here,\" a Moslem man in long loose robes and a dark fez sat up from the edge of the table. \"My break is about finished anyhow. You can have this seat Madam.\" I moved to take the seat, and upon seeing his face, recognized him as one of Rick's waiters. \"Thank you Monsieur…I'm sorry, I'm no good with names.\" \"Omar,\" the waiter said. \"Can I get you anything to drink Madame?\" I requested a light drink, and he went to fetch it. \"Sofia,\" Rita said playfully, \"You look even more Spanish than me and Marco today!\" \"And you look like a snowman,\" I said, hoping the remark didn't sound too mean. The fact was, Rita's outfit really was a bit…extreme. She wore a white frilly dress, with an enormous ruffled collar. Her head was topped with a baggy, embroidered hat, her dark curls jetting out from the sides of her head like the ears of a poodle. \"Thank you,\" Rita said enthusiastically. \"I miss snow. I've gone too many Christmases here in Casablanca without it.\" Behind her, Rita's husband Marco remarked, \"You're supposed to dress up a bit for a club, no?\" \"Sure,\" George Holden said, a ways down the table. \"But not the way you 'dress up' for Halloween!\" \"Hey,\" Rita said, stacking her chips. \"With the stinking Nazis about, most everyone has to dress up in disguise and costume now and then.\" \"Amen to that,\" George said. I wondered, once more, if \"George Holden\" was really the blonde American man's name. I decided to change the subject. \"We seem to be absent a few regulars,\" I commented. \"Any sign of Ugarte, Saddako, or the Velazquezes?\" Half-humorously I added, \"They weren't taken away were they?\" Minga, that old Jewish woman with the sad eyes, looked up at me. Her expression was almost scolding. She was sitting right between me and Rita, and I probably should have taken her sensitive nature into account before cracking such a tasteless joke. \"Carmen and Pepe are coming a little later,\" Rita said. \"Ugarte's around, doing his business. And Saddako's with her new boyfriend.\" \"Don't know what for,\" George snorted, shuffling his cards. \"She seemed smart.\" The Moslem businessman next to George gave him a look. \"Come now, George. Poor Saddako must be tickled pink to find another Oriental around here, whatever his political allegiances.\" \"I don't cozy up to the Nazis just on account of we're both White,\" George pointed out, continuing to work his cards bitterly. \"I often wonder,\" Rita mused, \"How is it all of the races came into being? What made God just decide to set us in these different groups?\" I shrugged, lighting myself a cigarette. \"What made him decide to make some cats stripped and others spotted?\" \"It's evolution,\" George explained. \"People look how they do to fit their environment. Don't'cha ever notice the peoples from the hotter climates tend to be tanner?\" A British businessman across the table snorted. \"You don't believe that Darwinian fairy tale.\" Oh, hell. Here we go. We normally avoided politics at the Roulette table, for obvious reasons. But every now and again, it would come up, and lead to an argument that often escalated until Rick arrived to put a stop to it. While the businessman ranted about how evolution was a \"hoax,\" Holden said casually, \"Ladies and gentleman, we now present the reenactment of the Monkey Trial, hosted at Rick's Roulette Table! Tonight, the State of Tennessee will be played by—what'd you say your name was?\" he asked the businessman. \"I didn't!\" the Businessman huffed. \"And you can take your sarcasm and your evolutionist propaganda, and—\" Rita elbowed me. \"Sofie, your boyfriend!\" I glanced towards the door of the gaming room, and saw Ugarte squeezing between Rick and some German businessman, who were in the middle of their own heated argument. At first, Ugarte seemed to be headed towards our table, but he stopped in the middle of the room to watch how Rick's fight played out. I noticed that Ugarte was wearing that same cream-white suit he'd worn the night I saved him from Signor Ferrari. The night he and I first… \"Who's that he's arguing with?\" I whispered to Rita. \"No clue,\" the Spanish woman shrugged. \"Some Nazi-supporter, probably.\" \"The Nazis are great proponents of evolution!\" the British man declared, pointing at us urgently. Dryly, George retorted, \"The Nazis also use toothbrushes. I guess we all better boycott those too.\" \"Do they?\" I asked, arranging my chips. \"From the one who accosted me the other day, I wouldn't have known he'd ever heard of a tooth brush.\" \"Oh!\" Rita rose in her chair, peering over the crowd with excitement. \"He's throwing him out!\" We turned, to watch the German man throw something in the air (money or tickets of some sort), and storm away angrily. Ugarte was standing a few feet away, watching with amusement. I caught his eye, and we grinned a silent hello to each other. He made a quick gesture with his cigarette and glass to me, letting me know that he couldn't socialize just yet; he had some business to take care of. \"Your drink, Madam.\" I looked up to see Omar, the Moslem waiter, standing over me with my drink. I thanked him, and took it. He then began giving me some advice about my bets, and we were soon engrossed in conversation. I would have forgotten all about the incident at the door, if not for hearing my Ugarte's distinctive voice cut smoothly over all the conversations in the room. \"You know Rick, watching you just now with the Deutsche Bank, one would think you've been doing this all your life!\" \"Oh?\" the saloon keeper asked testily. \"What makes you think I haven't?\" I had a good mind to turn my head around, and take a look at their expressions, but then Rita reminded me that it was my turn to place a bet. I became immersed once more in the game, and lost interest in what my lover was talking about with his friend. I wasn't the only one who was disinterested in eavesdropping on the café owner. Rick Blaine inspired awe when you first met him; but for many of the lower-profile regulars of the café, those who were his constant customers but never his close friends, he eventually faded into the background of the café, only becoming relevant when we were concerned about breaking the rules, or wanted something to gossip about. By now Omar was practically my coach, leaning over my shoulder, and guiding me through my next move in the game. Having his advice enthused me, because it reminded me of all the times Papa would instruct me, when he was teaching me to play chess, or helping me with my schoolwork. \"Pardon me,\" a low, masculine voice with a French accent interrupted Omar's advise. The voice belonged to a dark man in a French military uniform. He was moving around the table, curving around Omar and myself, coming to a halt at the opposite corner, between Minga and me. \"I apologize for interrupting. But I understand you're a roommate of my sister Yvonne?\" My brown eyes widened, and I suddenly recognized the man I'd once drawn a portrait of. \"Oh my goodness, you're, you're Christophe aren't you!\" He nodded. \"Yes, I am. I was told you live with her, and she comes to this café often.\" \"She does,\" I said. \"But I haven't seen—\" \"I saw her\" Rita interrupted. \"She was in the market place, looking for Rick. I suppose she'll be here soon, if she isn't already. She's horribly cross with him. I meant to ask you right away Sofie, if you knew what they were fighting about this time. But so much has been going on tonight, I suppose it slipped my mind…\" \"Hang on,\" I shook my head. \"'Tonight?' It's 'tonight' already? What time is it?\" Rita's black eyebrows turned up, as she pondered the time. The British man who didn't believe in evolution began fishing a fancy pocket watch from his jacket to check. George leaned across the table, holding out his wrist so I could see his watch. \"Read it and weep,\" the American joked. \"Time flies,\" Omar shrugged. \"Where in the market place did you see her?\" Christophe pried. \"Just around the vendors, the nice side of town,\" Rita went on to specify street names and store shops. \"But as I said, she's looking for Rick. So if you just hang around him, she's sure to turn up.\" Christophe turned to glance at the saloon keeper, who was sitting at a small table, apparently playing chess with himself. I suddenly realized that I needed a pee. And, rudely, I said so. \"I need a pee.\" I blurted out. The entire table stared at me. Omar offered jokingly, \"Is that all you wish to order, Miss Sofie? One pea?\" \"Yes,\" I pushed myself up from the table. \"I'm on a diet.\" Before leaving, I assured Christophe, \"I'll keep my eyes opened for Yvonne. Whenever I see her next I'll tell her you're looking for her.\" As I exited the game room, I heard a familiar voice remark, \"Snobbish, absolutely snobbish. Every one of them. The saloon keeper is king in his castle, and we're all just peasants!\" I glanced over my shoulder as I walked by. At a table right near the game room door sat a group of men and women playing cards. Saddako was among them, flanked by her new Japanese friend, and a European woman wearing an unusual head-wrapping. For a moment, I thought one of the players was that angry banker who Rick had refused to admit to his game room (hearing him boast about his large bank in Amsterdam), but quickly realized it was a different, older man. As my pace slowed, Saddako called to me, \"Sophie!\" I approached her, a bit apprehensively; that German man made me nervous. Even though I knew he wasn't the Nazi-supporter Rick had thrown out, I still had doubts. If this man were an anti-Nazi refugee, he would not have been bragging about his current status back home. If he wasn't a true supporter of the Nazis, he clearly had enough tolerance for their crimes to remain on their good side. \"Sophie,\" Saddako smiled, \"I tried to say hello to you before. You just walked right past me!\" \"Oh my god, I'm so sorry!\" I said honestly. \"I didn't realize…there was much on my mind.\" \"Don't worry, I haven't had the grandest evening either.\" Her boyfriend seemed disappointed by this news, but Saddako seemed not to notice. \"Sophie, you know what good friends I am with Rick Blaine. He's like a brother to me.\" A gross exaggeration, as well as a side-step about the reality of her and Rick's relationship. I conveyed this with a slight raise of my eyebrows. But Saddako was committed to her ruse. \"But he won't have a drink with me and my new friends! How is that fair, I ask you?\" How is it fair to your Communist father and Chinese mother, that you're letting this Imperialist scumbag romance you? I had to admit, it was a bit strange that Rick wouldn't make an exception for Saddako's friends, considering how close Rick and Saddako were rumored to be. But on the other hand, Rick took his business very seriously, and probably wouldn't let his personal affairs interfere with his rules. What was really leaving me confused was, why the hell was Saddako throwing in with Nazi supporters and Japanese Imperialists? From the way she acted, I got the impression that she was, well, acting . Saddako didn't really like these Germans, or the Japanese man she was with; she was up to something. My curiosity burned to know what. But fear of the Nazis and fear of my bladder exploding made me decide to let it drop, for now. \"Sorry Saddako, but I really must find a ladies' room. It was good to talk to you!\" Saddako understood, and let me go. I hurried to the restroom, doing my best not to crash into anybody along the way. But despite my best efforts, I collided with a tall, balding policeman—or at least I thought he was a policeman, at first. I began to apologize, then gasped when I saw his uniform. It was a Nazi. A high ranking one. I attempted to back away from him, but he seized my wrist in his fist. His grip was like iron. And his eyes, god his eyes . People often complained that my Ugarte's eyes were \"unnatural\" or \"creepy,\" and I always fancied myself the odd one out, who saw beauty and cuteness where others saw something ghoulish. But this man's eyes were different. They were deep-set, framed by shadow, staring hard and unblinking. It was an analyzing expression. My entire body grew cold, and I could feel my heart pounding. I could feel the blood rushing in my arm, against the grip of the Nazi's fist. And then he smiled . A large, toothy grin, that sent an extra chill down my spine. I was certain one could see the color draining from my face. Softly, the Nazi said, \"No harm done, Fraulein.\" He released my wrist, his fingers moving almost mechanically, still with that awful grin on his face. His horrible eyes were still locked onto mine. Tearing my gaze away from his seemed to take so much effort, he might as well have had me on a rope that I was trying to break. I finally ripped my eyes away and turned them intently to the floor, staring at his perfectly shined boots. Quietly I said, \"I'm sorry Monsieur.\" Slowly, I continued on to the restroom, my heart and blood still racing. By some miracle, I hadn't wet myself. Probably, my body had tensed just enough to unconsciously keep me from relieving myself. Once in the ladies' room, I was dismayed to find every stall taken. Just before one finally did open up, an old woman entered, and I had no choice but to insist she go before me. When I finally got my turn, I remained on the toilet for several minutes after I was done with it, afraid to go back out. I was jerked out of my thoughts when a familiar pair of white shoes clopped into the restroom. \"Sofie?\" Rita called. \"Your Ugarte is looking for you. Have you been in here this whole time?\" \"Maybe,\" I rose, pulled up my undergarments, and straightened my skirt. \"You just missed the most outrageous scene with Yvonne.\" Rita went on. \"She was stark-raving drunk, she and Rick were fighting—\" \"Rita, how is any of this news?\" I shook my head, and exited the stall. \"She knocked a chair over!\" \"Well, I suppose that's new.\" I admitted. \"Sascha went home with her.\" \"While she was drunk?\" I asked nervously. Sascha was a good man, who cared for Yvonne. Surely he wouldn't take advantage of her, in her current state. Would he? \"Yah, that's the whole reason, someone had to see her safely home. Her brother was gone already, because they'd fought, and she chased him away. And you missed it all. You've been hiding in her for half an hour Sofie. I know you're scared of the Nazis, but if you're going to hide from them you'll want to do better than a toilet stall. Come on, none of them are in the Roulette room. We'll go back and finish our game. Or I can take you home if you want.\" Once again, I remembered that this was the last night Ugarte would be at the Roulette wheel, at least if his claims of finally being done with the business were true. \"Alright,\" I said. \"Let's go back to the Roulette Wheel.\" Rita led me back through the café. If that Nazi was still in the club, I didn't see him; I kept my eyes on Rita's ruffled back, refusing to look away until we were back in the Roulette room. Ugarte was on a buzz when we reached him. He was holding a fresh drink and cigarette, sitting across from Rita's empty chair. My spot at the end of the table had been taken, by a Moroccan woman in a strange, elegant veil. \"Sofie, my love!\" Ugarte rose from his seat. \"Here, I was just keeping this chair warm for you. I've ordered a drink for you.\" \"Oh, Guillermo,\" before taking my seat, I came in close to Ugarte. He blinked at me, somewhat taken aback. \"I—I ran into a Nazi out there,\" I was calm on the outside now, but inside I was still shaken. \"I bumped right into him,\" Ugarte soothed me, stroking my hair. I was passed being embarrassed, though we were getting some looks from people around the Roulette table. \"Don't think about that now Sofie,\" Ugarte assured me. \"You want to be safe, you stay by me. I'm a good luck charm tonight!\" George warned, \"You'll 'charm' yourself all the way to a concentration camp if you don't put a lid on it Ugarte! Why don't you just keep your mouth shut till you're in America, and then start bragging, huh?\" I glanced at George, then flicked my eyes back to Ugarte. \"Guillermo, tell me you haven't been going around telling people that same ludicrous story you told me this morning?\" Cooley, Ugarte replied, \"I haven't been telling anybody anything. I didn't tell you anything, did I?\" This was met with dubious looks from Ugarte's friends. George muttered, \"Idiot marched right up to Rick of all people, and said—\" \"I said I heard a rumor , that's it.\" Ugarte said. \"More like you're trying to start a rumor,\" I said, giving Ugarte a disapproving look as I took my seat. This was how Ugarte was around his friends. While he saved his adventure stories for his nights alone with me, he tried to impress his friends and business associates in the same way, but trying to imply darkly what a threatening criminal he was. From what I gathered, few fell for it. The only reason George was probably so worried tonight was because of that Major Strasser rumored to be in the café, and all the police out looking for the murderer of those couriers. It suddenly occurred to me that that Nazi might have been one of Strasser's men, or even Strasser himself. I decided to purge the memory from my mind, and lose myself in the game once more. My troubles momentarily vanished. The drink Ugarte ordered for me arrived, but after two sips I decided that I wasn't thirsty. I allowed Ugarte to have the rest. With his usual suave, he poured the remainder of his drink into mine, and gently swirled the glass, stirring the drinks together. \"How is that mixture?\" I asked my lover playfully. George added, \"Should we give the new recipe to Sascha?\" Ugarte took a sip, and wrinkled his nose. \"It's a bit sour. But as long as it gets me drunk, what does it matter, huh?\" Laughing I begged, \"Let me try that!\" After I did, I wrinkled my nose. \"It is sour.\" Ugarte chuckled. \"You like my drinks at the Blue Parrot better.\" Rita cocked her head at us, wondering at our inside joke. She was one of the more innocent Roulette players, and had never been to the Blue Parrot. George stared at us a moment, then shook his head back down to his cards. Ugarte's enthusiasm showed in his gambling. He was betting far more than usual. I assumed this was because it was his last night here, and he was overexcited. \"Guillermo, slow down a little huh?\" I urged touching his hand. \"You'll want money for to travel to America, no?\" \"Sure I do,\" he argued, \"But I'm feeling exceptionally lucky tonight.\" I noticed Minga staring across the table, at something in the back of the room. I followed her gaze. By the doorway stood Captain Renault, with his hands clasped behind him, slowly making his rounds around the café. His eyes were on Ugarte. Which was nothing unusual, in and of itself. Ugarte and Renault had a distant respect for each other's visa businesses; they didn't interfere with each other's transactions, but each liked to keep an eye on his competition. Something was odd, though, about the way he was looking at Ugarte. It wasn't the careful, supervising look he normally used for his competition, or for possible criminal suspects. It was the look he wore when he was winning at Roulette, or successfully seducing a beautiful woman. He was watching Ugarte like he was a sizzling steak, or a trophy. That look bothered me. What was it for? I recalled that Renault was rumored to enjoy both genders, like Carmen and Pepe; but that was beside the point. Why had Renault developed this sudden interest in Ugarte overnight ? Did Ugarte have something he wanted? Of course , I relaxed. Ugarte was leaving Casablanca, and making final business transactions. He was probably planning to leave something expensive or useful to Renault. Or else paying back some money he owed him. Or who knew, maybe he'd promised him some sexual favors. Ugarte was straight, as far as I knew, but on the other hand, he was Ugarte, so it wouldn't surprise me. Against my better judgment, I let the thought drop. Just as I had with the Nazi I'd bumped into. And the pin Ugarte had given me, and that cock-and-bull story he fed me about being the brains behind that double-homicide in the news. The truth was in the back of my mind, fighting to break out, but I assumed—or wanted to think—that it was just my anxiety acting up again, and beat it down. If Ugarte had killed those couriers, I assured myself, he would have been caught by now. Renault would have arrested him right there in the apartment. And that Nazi I ran into, Strasser or not, wasn't here to take me or Ugarte to away to a camp; he was just a big bully, like that pig who'd harassed me and Annina. We talked, laughed, flirted and joked for what may have been hours, or a few minutes. Time seemed to vanish, as I lost myself in the game and the gossip. Ugarte and I were teamed up again, for our last bout of Roulette together. He leaned over me closely, urging me to bet more. \"Ugarte, we both need to save our money,\" I reminded him. He began rapidly complaining in Italian. I probably wouldn't have caught it even if I had been fluent. \"Monsieur Ugarte?\" Ugarte shot up and spun around. I hesitated, before rising up from crouching over my cards, into an upright sitting position. Ugarte looked quickly between the two French policemen towering over him. \"Oh,\" he said softly, almost sadly. The Frenchman running the game cut in, announcing the next round. \"…Yes?\" \"Would you please come with us?\" I watched Ugarte's sad eyes dart up and down the guard. Still barely above a whisper, he replied, \"Certainly.\" The Roulette runner asked me a question, punctuating with an urgent \"Madame?\" He was probably attempting to distract me. I barely heard him. Ugarte turned to sweep a short glance around the table—at his chips, the wheel, his friends, me. Then, apparently having thought of an idea, he spun back and asked, \"But may I first please kiss my chips?\" They agreed, and he eagerly set down his drink with a wide, childlike smile. My eyes flicked up and down, from his fake, panicked grin, to the drink he was carefully setting onto the table. He kept his cigarette. Ugarte often relied on his cigarettes when he was under stress. I watched him leave with the two officers, my eyes glued to him, turning around in my chair. I watched him casually walk towards the door of the gaming room, flanked by the two guards, sticking his cigarette back in his mouth. I glanced back at my friends. Rita was placing her chips, continuing the game, but her dark eyes kept flicking up every few seconds, watching the Ugarte. Next to her, Minga was staring ahead sadly, as if Ugarte was already dead. I felt sick inside, but turned calmly back towards the door, as if I were only mildly interested in what was going on. They followed him to the booth on the other side of the other room, where you \"kissed his chips.\" While he waited for the man in the booth to hand him his chips, Ugarte leaned on the counter and took a drag from his cigarette, watching the door. Two more French policemen I hadn't noticed strode through the door, and moved out of sight; I got the impression that they were taking guarding positions on the outside. Ugarte's dark eyes moved between the two sides of the door, then landed on me. As he took a slow drag from his cigarette, I tried desperately to find some meaning in his expression. Was he bidding me goodbye, begging me to help him, or assuring me that everything would be fine? I replay that look on his face, over and over, all these years later, and I still can't decipher its meaning. His chips arrived just as he finished exhaling. He tore his gaze away from me, and turned around to face the man at the booth. He thanked the worker, sticking his cigarette back in his mouth, and turned back towards the game room. The policemen followed him, probably wondering where he thought he was going. Or maybe just playing along. Ugarte's pace quickened as he neared the door, and they sped up to match him. As soon as he was close enough, he leaned to the side and seized the door handle, and dove into the game room, pulling the door shut behind him. For a brief moment, he and the men outside struggled with the door, while the saxophone from the jazz band echoed from the other side. Ugarte's mask of confidence was gone, as he stared ahead with a pained terror, crushing his cigarette in his teeth. He was struggling, not only with the door, but something in his pocket. For a second, a defeated agony came over his face, and that look cut me worse than anything that night so far. But a moment later he'd wrenched his gun from his pocket. He spun around, and grabbed the leg of his pants with his other hand, steadying the gun over his arm. As soon as they'd got the door opened, he fired, four times. Rita screamed, dropping her cards. People were gasping and screaming all through the café. Ugarte tore away from the doorway, and ran through the game room, right past all of us. He circled to another door, one that the waiters used to bring drinks to the gamblers in the game room. I was pushing myself up before I realized it, running after him. As soon as I reached the door, I was blocked by Omar, who raised his hands, as if about to gently tell me to remain in the gaming room. I angrily shoved him out of my way, and tore out into the main cafe. I wove through the crowd, trying to find Ugarte again. I noticed George, Rita, and a few other gamblers hurrying out the main door of the gaming room, shocked and frightened but nonetheless eager to see the train wreck play out. I finally found him, running past the bar counter. I decided to tear across the café to him, took off, and promptly tripped over my long dress. Someone grabbed my arm and hauled me to my feet; another French policeman. I tried to wring my arm free but he held on tightly, and grabbed my other arm, pinning me in place. I watched Ugarte run to Rick, calling Rick's name, as if he were some kind of older brother who might protect him. He almost slammed right into the tall American. Rick stopped the smaller man just a few inches from him, with a firm hand under his bowtie. \"Rick!\" Ugarte rasped, still clutching his useless gun in one hand. \"Rick help me!\" \"Don't be a fool,\" Rick said, almost scoldingly. \"You can't get away.\" \"But Rick hide me! Do something, you must help me, Rick !\" The last word came out as a yelp, as the policemen piled onto him. Ugarte was a tiny man, but his determination and adrenaline made it like trying to contain a rabid rodent. Squirming madly, they hauled him around the pillar, past a confused, frightened Spanish woman in a little flowered cap. As she backed away from the mob, with her hands out in front of her, I realized it was Carmen. Pepe wasn't far away, and quickly came up to console his wife. Ugarte continued to holler Rick's name, as they carried him out of the café. George approached Rick from behind, with one hand in his pocket. Holding a gun perhaps? George Holden was on the Nazis' bad side, and he was a cautious man. But if he had a gun, surely he would have helped Ugarte? Perhaps he was going to help him, and was simply forming some kind of plan. I should be forming a plan. Why wasn't I forming a plan? Why wasn't I trying to help Ugarte? Perhaps because the policeman was still holding me. He'd pulled me against the wall, behind the thick of the crowed. I doubt anyone would even have seen me being restrained even if they were looking for me. \"When they come to get me Rick, I hope you'll be more of a help,\" George said dryly. In a low voice, Rick replied, \"I stick my neck out for nobody.\" Rick moved away from George, passing Carmen, who was now backed against that pillar, with Pepe hovering over her. \"I'm sorry there was a disturbance folks,\" Rick said to the crowd, \"but it's all over now, everything's alright.\" He straightened a glass on a table that had fallen over, as if to give evidence that he was restoring order in his café. \"Just siddown and have a good time, enjoy yourselves. Alright Sam…\" Sam was sitting with one gold-suited arm draped over his piano, having been watching the entire scene like some kind of mind-numbing news cast. At Rick's order, Sam turned around and struck up a new tune. Carmen and Pepe were talking urgently to each other, but over the music I couldn't hear what they were saying. Holden was ordering a drink from Sascha. Rita, I couldn't find. I looked back at the door where Ugarte had been dragged out. It was a scene I'd nightmared about plenty of times. But to see it play out right now, in the middle of an ordinary night, rather than a muddled, confused dream—to see it happen right here, in the real Rick's Café, rather than some warped dream version of it—was something beyond describing. The floor beneath me was rocking like a ship. It began to spin. \"Madame,\" the officer holding me said flatly, \"Are you alright?\" I blinked slowly, feeling my head heating up. There was a sensation comparable to seeing sunspots. The café before me grew momentarily dark, almost like the negative of a photograph. And it was spinning like a roller coaster ride. AN: I watched the two clips from the movie intently, over and over, paying careful attention to the background characters portrayed in this chapter. I did my best to note who was doing what in each scene, and offer some rhyme and reason as to why.[Chapter 11] A/N: I have no clue what a Moroccan prison looked like in the 1940s, and Google wouldn't tell me. I wound up turning to Pinetrist for ideas. In any case, \"Casablanca\" doesn't take place in gritty real life; it takes place in the world of a slightly-cheesy, Silver Screen drama. Also, I misspelled \"Dachau.\" I've corrected the error. I don't own \"Casablanca.\" The next thing I knew I was slumped in a chair, with the policeman hovering over me, looking concerned. Someone wearing lots of ruffles was offering me a glass of water. I took it and drank greedily, my mind blank. Draining the glass, I finally recognized Rita staring at me sorrowfully. I remembered where I was, and what had just happened. \"Guillermo,\" I whispered. Louder, I pleaded to the policeman, \"What is Signor Ugarte, where have they taken him?\" \"He's gone to the local prison,\" the guard said solemnly. \"He's wanted for murder.\" I remembered the pin in my coat pocket. My coat was hanging in the check room of the café. If they found that pin… \"Ugarte,\" I blinked, trying to clear my mind. \"He's in the local prison… here ? In Casablanca ? Not in a…?\" After a pause he replied, \"Not yet, Madame.\" I rose from my chair, shaking slightly. \"I want to…I'm going to visit him.\" \"I'm afraid that's quite impossible, Madame.\" \"Why not?\" I snapped. \"Are French prisoners not allowed to have visitors?\" \"They'll be questioning him—\" \"So I'll wait!\" I yelled. My raised voice attracted some attention, even over the sound of the band playing. Carmen and Pepe looked my way, and Carmen hurried over to me. The policeman didn't stop me when I left my chair. Rita and I hurried across the café, meeting Carmen halfway. \"Sofie, you must keep your voice down,\" Carmen pleaded, leading me back to the bar. \"You'll do Ugarte no good by getting yourself in trouble.\" A few people staring at us, then looked away when I glared at them. They began speaking dismissively in other languages, someone noting that I was Ugarte's mistress. Carmen led me back to the bar, where a few Roulette regulars stood, along with some other friends or associates of Ugarte's. Rita threw me another apologetic look, while her husband Marco just stared at the floor. A few visa brokers stood in a huddle, by the pillar where Ugarte had begged Rick to help him, arguing in hushed, rapid voices. They were speaking Italian, so I couldn't follow most of what they said, but by now I knew a few words and phrases. They were not discussing Ugarte directly; instead, they seemed concerned with how his arrest would affect their business, how the Fat Man would react, and which of them might be taken away next. George Holden leaned against the bar counter, sipping his drink slowly, watching them with distain. \"So what about Ugarte?\" I asked finally. Bernardo from the Blue Parrot gave me a cross look. \"What about him? The imbecile got himself caught.\" George grunted, \"The 'imbecile' got the drop on two Nazis singlehandedly. I hate ta admit it, but I'm actually kinda' impressed with the little squirt.\" \"Yah, and now the 'little squirt's' on his way to a concentration camp!\" one of the other brokers snapped. I swayed a little, and Carmen and Rita caught me. It would have been a sickening thought by itself, if Ugarte wasn't also so small and defenseless. And if it hadn't already happened to his mother back in Hungary. \"Surely,\" I said weakly, \"Surely someone, all of us together maybe, could come up with bail money?\" Bernardo almost snarled, \"He's charged with murder . He shot into a crowd for times, in front of Captain Renault and Major Strasser!\" \"And besides,\" Marco put his arm around Rita sadly, \"I don't think the French are in charge of that jail any longer. With Strasser in town, I'm certain they'll be playing by Nazi rules.\" Marco and Rita were now looking across the café. I followed their gaze, and saw Rick at a table, talking to several high ranking Nazis. One of them was the man with whom I'd collided earlier, the man with the awful eyes. Major Strasser. \"Do you think,\" I wondered, grasping for some home, \"that Rick might say something to sway their minds?\" Carmen finally spoke, looking at the ground. \"Rick's an entertainer Sofia, not a politician or a general. The mayor of Casablanca, I'm sure, couldn't help Ugarte.\" One of the visa brokers added, in a crisp German accent, \"The biggest movie stars aren't safe back home in Germany. Why should a local celebrity like Rick have any sway?\" My throat was swelling. I closed my eyes, feeling the tears roll down my face. \"I have to see him. There must be a way I can only see him.\" \"What good would that do?\" the German gave his cigar a shake. \"Better that you put Ugarte from your mind, and find someone else to take care of you. Maybe someone more faithful this time.\" At the moment, I hardly cared about all of the ways Ugarte had wronged me. I thought only of how he must be cowering in some prison cell, being beaten or otherwise abused by inmates, or the guards. \" Shit .\" I opened my eyes, the tears still rolling. It was George who had sworn. People never swore in Rick's Café; it was against the rules. George set his glass down on the counter. \"I'll get a cab. We'll go over to the jail and see if we can't get some visitation hours in, while that Nazi prick's busy on his date with Rick.\" \"No,\" Rita shook her head, her floppy cap and dark curls bouncing. \"It's too dangerous! Sofie you can't!\" \"Yes I can.\" I whipped my nose on the back of my hand. \"I'd go even if George wasn't paying the way. You don't have to pay the way you know, George.\" \"Sure I do. You can't afford to waste any money, in your present situation. And you're definitely not going by yourself.\" \"I'll split the cost,\" Pepe said to George. \"I for one should like to check in on an old friend. Ugarte may not be much for friends, but you take what you can get in Casablanca.\" Pepe and Carmen were the only two of Ugarte's business associates concerned enough to attempt a visit. Bernardo and the others simply had no interest in going after him. They talked as if he was dead already, or like they simply didn't care. Rita and Marco certainly cared, but they weren't going to chance it. I didn't blame them. They weren't close with Ugarte, and couldn't be expected to risk upsetting the police over him. George, Carmen, Pepe and I would be Ugarte's only visitors. I retrieved my coat, checked that the Nazi pin was still in the pocket, and threw it on as we ran out to the cab. The sun was setting when we arrived at the jailhouse. Not surprisingly, the guards wouldn't allow us to see Ugarte. They said he was in the middle of being \"questioned.\" I reacted to this news about as well as you can imagine. But we all stood our ground, and said we wouldn't be out of the building until we were allowed to see our friend. We tried everything to sway the guards' positions. George and Pepe offered them money. Carmen offered them sex. Pepe offered them sex. The guards didn't budge. \"But you know who probably would budge,\" Carmen said, taking a seat next to me on the bench. \"Captain Renault.\" We were in the lobby, sitting just out of earshot from the guards (if one whispered). \"But he's back at the club,\" Pepe sighed, placing his black fedora on his lap. \"With Major Strasser.\" \"He can't stay with Major Strasser all night,\" I said stubbornly. \"Actually,\" Carmen's dark eyes darted away, \"knowing Louie…\" I emitted a long cross between a groan and a sob. Into my hands I said, \"My Ugarte's going to die in this horrible place, while Renault is off fucking Major Strasser…\" George bit his lip, unable to resist laughter. I glared at him, and he shifted in his seat. George finally rose, and returned to the head guard in charge of the prison. \"When's Captain Renault gonna be back?\" The guard replied, \"Captain Renault's work day is done, Monsieur.\" George argued, \"In that case, ya can't get in too much trouble if you just let us see our pal! Who's gonna know?\" The French guard sighed wearily. \"All of the other guards in this prison, and any prisoners who might talk to get a reward. Monsieur, I am not heartless man; had you asked me this, perhaps, sometime before 1940, I may have been more willing to bend the rules. But given current events…you can see my predicament.\" I wasn't sure what was worse; the fact that it would be impossible to bend this guard's will, or the fact that it was also impossible to blame him for refusing to help us. At times such as these, I often liked having someone to throw blame at, preferably someone in the room with me. \"If I know Louie Renault,\" Carmen whispered, half to me and her husband, and half to herself, \"he'll want to show off his catch to Major Strasser, and soon. He always works to impress his superiors.\" \" Do you know Captain Renault?\" Pepe asked, half-seriously. He wasn't talking out of jealously; he and Carmen had an \"opened\" marriage, and agreed to fool around with whomever they wished. \"Maybe,\" Carmen admitted. What a lucky break for me and Ugarte! I'd never been so glad to have a \"deviant\" for a friend. George finally gave up on the guard, and returned to the group at the bench. \"If you're right Carmen,\" Pepe whispered, \"Then that means Major Strasser will be with Renault when he returns. We don't want Sofie or George around when that happens.\" I suddenly remembered that investigative reporter George Holden was in as much danger around the Nazis as I was, maybe more. \"Okay,\" George circled Pepe, hands in his pockets. \"Here's my plan; me an' Sofie go take a walk, while you and Carmen wait around here for Renault. As soon as you can get a minute with Renault alone, you do what you have to, to convince him to let us see Ugarte. Once the coast is clear, one of you come get us. We'll be across the street, at that café.\" Since no one could come up with a better plan, we were forced to agree to this one. The little café across the street closed a few hours after sundown, and by then there was still no news from Carmen or Pepe, so George and I simply continued to wait outside. We stayed in the back, out of sight from the street, so Strasser wouldn't see us when he came back with Renault. If he came back with Renault. This was all on Carmen's guesswork. We waited for hours. Before the café had even closed, I was already terrified that something had happened to Carmen and Pepe. George assured me they were fine; reminded me that they had to wait for Renault to return, and then wait for a chance to get him alone, without Strasser. George gave me a cigarette, and distracted me with stories of interesting events he'd reported on in the past. But he kept checking his watch, and I kept watching how high the moon was getting in the sky. \"…and I'll tell you,\" George said, finishing up a story. \"You think nights are cold in Casablanca, you just try 'em in Moscow!\" For the moment, I felt almost like I had a big brother. It was so sweet of George to go through all this to keep me pacified. So impressive, that he'd go out of his way to help people he was only casual friends with, at a time when people were often abandoning their own blood relatives to save themselves. His journalism stories were always interesting; but tonight, they were reminding me painfully of the adventure stories I might never hear from Ugarte again. Taking a few steps away, I dragged my cigarette, and asked, \"Why are you helping us George? You're almost in more danger than Ugarte right now.\" \"Almost, maybe. But I'm not.\" George gave his cigarette a shake. \"Human beings gotta look out for each other in times like this. Besides, it's like Pepe said. Ugarte's my friend, even if he's not much for friends. I suppose you figure the same way about your…relationship with him.\" In fact that was exactly how I'd been thinking of it. I'd just never found better words to say it. \"I couldn't have said it better myself,\" I admitted, forcing away any impending tears. \"Thank you George. Thank you so much.\" Footsteps made both our heads turn. It was Pepe. \"Carmen's got Renault alone. Come quickly!\" We hurried around the building, across the street, and back to the jail. Carmen was sitting on the bench next to Renault, whispering in his ear. He seemed somewhat interested, but holding back; like he didn't really have any intention of giving into her, and was only listening because found her attempt at seduction amusing. On the wall, I noticed a clock. It was now a few minutes past midnight. \"…you can fuck both of us,\" Carmen whispered, just as I was close enough to hear. By \"both of us,\" I wasn't sure if she meant herself and me, or herself and her husband. (Captain Renault's sexuality was a matter of great discussion amongst some of the more \"deviant\" members of Rick's café.) Both Carmen and Renault's heads turned when we approached. I stopped, and swallowed, staring at the French captain. I truly was prepared to do anything Renault wanted, in return for seeing Ugarte, and my face made this clear. But Renault didn't seem as eager as he usually was around women. He rose slowly from the bench, eyeing me with something almost akin to sorrow. \"I do not think Ugarte is feeling up to a visit at this time,\" the Frenchman said carefully. \"And I don't think it would be good for any of you to see him.\" \"Please Monsieur,\" Carmen left the bench. \"We would be so grateful…\" Desperately, I combed my knowledge of Captain Renault for anything he might consider a reward, or a threat. Then, for the first time all night, I thought of something useful to say. \"I have some of his visas.\" Renault looked at me sharply. \"Ugarte entrusts them to me, sometimes,\" I lied. \"If he's not around I can do what I want with them. I might give them away. Give them away to people who were almost your customers! If you ever—\" I stopped when he came right up to me, his face inches from mine. He didn't look menacing like Strasser, though I was intimidated. He seemed honestly shocked and desperate, eyeing me with one eyebrow arched high. I was surprised with myself; I hadn't expected such an immediate, strong reaction. \"Visas you say?\" he asked. \"Yes,\" I searched his face. \"Did you happen to obtain any of these visas in, say, the last three days?\" I swallowed. \"I…\" Behind Renault, I saw Carmen's eyes flare, as she apparently remembered something important. Pepe passed a hand over his mouth, and rubbed his chin. George was as confused as me, his gray eyes bouncing between the Spanish couple and Renault. Renault suddenly grabbed my shoulders, as if this were a matter of life and death. \" Do you have the visas Ugarte stole from the two couriers he murdered? \" Finally I remembered. Someone had mentioned those couriers carrying visas. I suddenly recalled the two visas Ugarte had briefly stuck under my mattress. He'd recollected them before leaving. I no longer had them. My eyes widened, as I realized the trap I'd set for myself. It hadn't even occurred to me. He'd stolen those visas from the couriers he'd killed! And the Nazis wanted them back. All that trouble for two visas? What did the Nazis care about two more illegal visas? Obviously they were important for some reason, but I couldn't fathom why. I wasn't clever. I wasn't a professional crook like Carmen and Pepe. Nor did I have a career that regularly took me to dangerous places, like George. I stuttered, trying to improvise my way out of the mess I'd created for myself. \"I, I'm not cer…I suppose it's possib…\" \"She doesn't have any visas,\" Carmen quickly came around Renault. \"It was just a lot of talk. She just wants to see her friend!\" Louie glanced back at her, and his grip on me loosened. \"No,\" he realized. \"I don't suppose Ugarte would have left them with you. Even a crook like him wouldn't put his own woman in danger.\" \"I'll find out,\" I said quickly. \"Ugarte will tell me where he put those visas. He'll do anything for me. I'll make him tell! I promise!\" Renault thought it over, still looking dumbfounded. Then he finally gave in. \"I suppose…I could arrange for some visiting hours for Ugarte, off the record. And perhaps, if you can get him to reveal the location of the visas, I can arrange for him to have a lightened sentence.\" Was it possible? Could Captain Renault have any sway at all over Major Strasser? Or was he simply lying? All I knew for certain was that I had a chance to see Ugarte. \"Yes,\" I swallowed. \"Yes, I'll get it from him. I swear.\" Renault unlocked a small door, and led us four down a dark staircase. The prison was old, freezing, and not well kept. The plaster walls were peeling, revealing the stone under-layers in several places. The stairway ended in a long hallway that was tight and claustrophobic, leaking like a cavern. Even in my trench coat I was shivering. We got looks from the few guards and prisoners that weren't asleep, but no one said much. While Renault led us passed the barred cells, I saw only the back of him, so I can't say if he seemed guilty or gloating or expressionless. But I can say that he was silent the entire way. Finally he stopped at a cell and pulled out his keys. I immediately recognized the back of Ugarte, curled up on the floor under the bare bench bed, wearing a prison uniform. He never looked more like a child than in those striped pajamas. He stirred at the sound of Renault's keys. Renault kept his eyes down on the lock, refusing look at Ugarte or any of us. As soon as Renault had the cell unlocked, I shoved the barred door opened, practically hitting Renault in the face, and ran into the cell. I took Ugarte in my arms, and he emitted a short, barely audible whimper. I pulled him out from under the bench, feeling Carmen, Pepe and George crowding around behind me. I stroked his hair while he blinked up at me, through two badly swollen eyes. He was horribly beaten, with long trails of dried blood running down his face and staining his clothes. His face was covered in bruises and welts. Carmen and Pepe quickly came around to examine him. I looked up at George, the dismay probably showing on my face. George stood back, with his hands in his pockets, eying Ugarte with a face that was upset, but not entirely surprised. Behind him, at the door of the prison cell, Renault was still avoiding eye contact, glancing around the prison as if he were a tourist in a museum. In my arms, Ugarte groaned, and I quickly hushed him. He nuzzled into me, taking a hold of my coat collar. Carmen's face, usually so strong and confident, was falling, her dark eyebrows turning upward. She gingerly took Ugarte's hand and pulled it towards her, to look at an injury. She exchanged a distressed glance with her husband. On the back of Ugarte's hand was a round red hole in the skin. Pepe said quietly, \"Cigarette burns.\" I pushed some wet locks of hair out of Ugarte's out of his face, and saw more cigarette burns on his forehead and cheeks. Softly, Pepe called to his friend, \"Ugarte? Are you still with us?\" Ugarte blinked up at Pepe, then at Carmen and me. Finally he said flatly, \"What are you doing here?\" \"Prisoners are allowed visitors, no?\" Pepe lit a cigarette and handed it to Ugarte. With effort, Ugarte took the cigarette and inhaled with relish. Squeezing Ugarte, I glared back at Renault, my eyes watering again. \" You did this to him?\" \"I hardly smoke, Mademoiselle.\" Renault replied, with a sickening calm. \" That was the doing of the Master Race. I'll admit my men may have gotten a bit overzealous when questioning him earlier. But the more creative approaches were the work of Major Strasser.\" All of this had happened while we were waiting to see Ugarte. While George and I were behind that café, sharing stories and smoking. I stifled a cry, and tightened my hold on Ugarte. I did this right as he was about to take another inhale from the cigarette Pepe had given him. But he was forgiving. Renault cleared his throat. \"The sooner I learn the location of those visas, the sooner I can see about helping Ugarte.\" Ugarte groaned and shook his head. \"I won't tell,\" he rasped. \"I didn't tell Strasser and I won't tell you.\" He took a slow drag from his cigarette, staring angrily into space. He didn't say it like a war hero in a Hollywood picture; he said it almost like a stubborn child. He wasn't trying to impress, he really meant it. He'd let himself get tortured, rather than reveal where he'd hidden those visas. Why ? \"Guillermo, my love,\" I stroked his hair once more. \"What the hell is so important about those visas?\" Ugarte blinked his beaten eyes. Fiddling with my coat, he replied, \"Nothing.\" \"Then tell him!\" I practically shouted. \"Tell him where they are! He'll let you go, if you only tell him!\" This was a bit of an exaggeration—Renault had only alluded to a possible lightened sentence—but I was desperate. Ugarte shook his head, and exhaled. \"The visas are gone.\" \"Gone where?\" I hissed, batting smoke out of my face with one hand. Renault moved into the cell, and crouched beside Ugarte. To me, the Frenchman said, \"We suspect he left them in the trust of a friend.\" Then to Ugarte, \"Who did you leave the visas with, Ugarte? Was it her?\" he jerked his head to me. \"No,\" Ugarte sounded almost insulted. \"I'd never put her in danger.\" He kneaded my coat. \"Tova, you know I'd never put you in danger.\" He must have been at least somewhat delirious, or he'd have never used my real name in front of Captain Renault. Fortunately, the name \"Tova\" meant nothing to Renault. The French captain probably didn't even know me by my fake name; just as Ugarte's mistress. Renault suggested, \"One of your business associates then, perhaps?\" Ugarte finally finished his cigarette, and tossed it to the floor. \"We had this conversation earlier, Louie. I won't tell it. Let Sofia go. None of them has the visas and none of them knows who has.\" \"Guillermo,\" I locked my eyes with his. \"They abandoned you, your business friends. Bernardo, and the others, none of them cares about you. They left you here to rot and die. Whoever you left the visas to, he deserves no better.\" I was vocalizing my thoughts as much as I was trying to convince him. \"Tell him,\" I begged. \"Just give him a name.\" I hoped he could read the subtext : just lie Guillermo! If it wasn't Bernardo, or one of those other bastards, just lie and say it was! \"No,\" he shook his head again. \"I may be a rat. But I'm no rat .\" \"Is it the Fat Man?\" I asked. \"Did Signor Ferrari put you up to this?\" Perhaps Ferrari had sent Ugarte to get those visas, and threatened him if he revealed their hiding place to anyone. I wouldn't put it past Ugarte to be more afraid of the Fat Man than of the Nazis. Ignoring my question, Ugarte asked, \"Can I have another cigarette, Pepe?\" Pepe exchanged a glance with me, then began fishing through his white coat pocket. I suddenly got an idea, how coax Ugarte into telling me about the visas. \"Guillermo,\" I whispered, \"is it true, what everybody's saying? Did you really shoot two Nazis for me, just like you promised?\" He looked back up at me with his famous eye-roll, and his smile returned. \"Not two, only one. The other was for Mama.\" \"Tell me!\" I urged. \"Tell me how you did it!\" Still grinning, he took the new cigarette Pepe was offering him, and inhaled deeply. Then, for the first and only time, he told me a completely true adventure story. He didn't tell it in the voice he used for his other crime tales; it was the low, steady tone, the one he used when talking about the beach. \"I planned it all in one day. I got their names from my sources, and I found out what train they were taking. I snuck onto the train without even buying a ticket; I'm such a midget no one even noticed me. Once onboard, I pretended to a lost passenger, trying to find my way back to my two friends.\" I could visualize it perfectly. Ugarte slipping aboard the train, with his rat-like stealth. Then wandering around like a lost puppy, utilizing his sad eyes, weaseling information out of people like a hypnotist. \"Finding them was easy. I could see them through the window of the compartment door, both in their shit-colored Nazi uniforms.\" His eyes narrowed thoughtfully. \"I decided that the tall blonde one should be for you Tova, I don't quite know why. And the one with the glasses, reading the newspaper, that one had to be for Mama.\" He blinked rapidly, taking another smoke. Barely audibly, he muttered, \"Maybe it was because he seemed so Aryan. And the other, so mentally fit.\" \"Then what did you do?\" I pried. \"I opened the door to their compartment, ran inside, and told them that I was hiding from my angry wife.\" That must not have been difficult character for him to play, I thought. All he'd have to do was bring up memories of our fights, and he could act on it like a Hollywood star. He chuckled darkly. \"Then, I pointed to the window, and asked them if they knew the name of the castle we were passing. The fools both turned around to look.\" If his victims hadn't been Nazis, it would have seemed menacing. If he'd told this story to my sister, or someone more of a pacifist that myself, they would no doubt have been disturbed. But by now Ugarte was my hero, more than ever before. \"I had my hand in my coat pocket, on my gun. I whipped it out and shot the one for Mama in the back of the head. And as soon as yours turned around I got him, right between the eyes.\" He gestured to his own bloodied forehead with the back of his cigarette, smiling widely. \"I was so quick, I was out of the entire cart—with the visas and half their valuables in my pocket—before anyone even had their own doors opened.\" \"How did you get off the train?\" I gasped. \"I hid.\" He said simply. \"Then when the train stopped for the police, I snuck off.\" \"But you didn't think to wear a disguise.\"George said dryly. I'd completely forgotten that Carmen, Pepe and George were in the cell with us. Carmen and Pepe were still sitting around Ugarte. They were now passing a cigarette between themselves, listening impassively to Ugarte's story and my work to coax him. Carmen's face was stained with long streaks of black eye makeup, but she now seemed as calm as me. I wondered, briefly, if George or Pepe had secretly shed some tears when no one was looking. I knew, from all I'd seen by now, that men were capable of crying. They just tried to hide it more than women. Ugarte looked up at George, and argued, \"I had my hat , and my coat, with the collar turned up.\" \"Great.\" George said. \"So your neck and hair were hidden. But your pop-eyes and bedroom voice were out in the open. Great planning, Ugarte.\" Ugarte grunted, and rolled over in my arms. \"I'd like to see you try and do better George! I think for my first killing, I did beautifully.\" \"Then what happened?\" I asked. \"You got away with the visas?\" \"That's right. I came right home to Casablanca, and right to your apartment. That pin I gave you, it came off your Nazi, the blonde Aryan meathead.\" A quivering smile touched my lips. \"You probably hid the visas somewhere clever.\" \" Very clever.\" He became somber. \"I didn't tell anybody, not even when Louie's men beat me. Or when Strasser burned me with his cigarette.\" Renault warned Ugarte, \"Ugarte, Major Strasser was not exaggerating when he said that there was far worse to come. I've never been to a concentration camp myself, and I don't suppose you'll get a chance to ask the man whom you were planning to sell those visas to. But I could recite a few rumors I've heard, if you need reminding.\" I'd heard the rumors, and I didn't want them repeated. As for \"the man you were planning to sell those visas to,\" I had no idea who that was suppose to refer to. Ugarte retorted, \"Maybe I can't remember where I hid them, since your friend Strasser threw me into that bench! Did you ever think of that Louie?\" The bench, I suddenly realized, was caked with dried blood. \"And then,\" Ugarte was suddenly speaking to me again, \"Then, after the bench, Strasser dragged me out of my cell, and up the staircase, and tossed me down. He did it thirteen times. I counted.\" \"I'm telling you Ugarte,\" Renault said, with an edge of genuine concern in his voice. \"That is not even foreplay for a Nazi. Strasser was merely letting out steam. He wasn't even trying to—\" Renault stopped, staring off down the hall, his eyes wide and frozen. The echoing of boot heels on the steps made everyone in the cell stop dead. Carmen was holding her and Pepe's smoldering cigarette, sitting with her back to the cell door. Pepe brought his arm around hers and grasped her tightly. George kept his hand in his pocket, refusing to turn around. I was staring down at Ugarte, both of us determined not to look up. In the shadows of the bars on the floor I saw the figure stroll down the hall briskly, passing Renault without even an acknowledging nod—as if it were his jail and not Renault's—and circle into the cell. He bent over us gathered around Ugarte, then glanced at George, before finally turning back to Renault. \"I didn't realize French prisons had visiting hours after midnight,\" Major Strasser said flatly. I had no idea how Renault was able to maintain his cheerful tone in the presence of a Nazi. \"Major Strasser. Some friends of Ugarte have offered an alternative method for gaining the location of the exit visas.\" Strasser looked back at us dubiously. \"Any success?\" Renault hesitated. \"These things take time.\" In a threatening, calculating voice, Strasser replied, \"That depends upon what methods you use.\" Without even stepping out of his place, Strasser reached over and fisted the back of my hair. I yelped, as he yanked me half to my feet, and pressed the barrel of a pistol to the side of my head. Ugarte tumbled out of my arms, saved from hitting the floor by Carmen and Pepe. His eyes bulging, Ugarte shouted, \"I left them with a friend!\" Strasser glanced over his shoulder (at least from what I could tell by how I felt him move behind me, and the shadows I saw on the wall). \"There Captain Renault, you see how easy that was?\" Renault stuttered, fighting to keep his cheer, \"We like to do things more… traditionally in France.\" \"A sentiment we'll have to stamp out of you.\" Just when I'd thought I'd run out of tears to shed, they were back again, rolling silently down my cheeks. \"Now then,\" Strasser turned back to Ugarte. \"What 'friend' did you leave my letters of transit to?\" Ugarte's eyes bounced between mine, and the gun pressed against me. I couldn't fathom what in the world was making him hesitate. Whatever scum Ugarte was, however troubled our relationship was, he wouldn't let me be shot in the head over his secret, I knew he wouldn't. Not unless there was someone else he cared for, who was also at stake. But who the hell could that be? Was one of his brothers in town? Did he have some close friend I was forgetting? Was there another woman he'd been seeing secretly? \"He called himself Smith,\" Ugarte finally lied, lamely. Strasser gave my head a yank, and cocked his gun. \"I'm going to count to three. And if you—\" Renault softly cleared his throat. \"Herr Major,\" Strasser's head whipped around, presumably to glare threateningly at Renault. I was grateful I couldn't see the Nazi's face. \"I don't mean to intrude on your fun,\" Renault said timidly. \"But as your host here in Casablanca, I feel somewhat responsible for your wellbeing, and therefore wish to point out that in Casablanca, none of us has the authority to execute anyone in this cell except Monsieur Ugarte. I too would like to have those visas, but perhaps not at the cost of our ranks.\" I was certain that Strasser would bring his gun around and shoot Renault between the eyes. I could hear Nazi seething through is teeth. Then, slowly, he pulled the gun away from me. Still holding me by my hair, he brought me around like a bag of groceries, and set me back on the floor next to Ugarte, finally letting go. I covered my mouth, now crying like a child. Ugarte pulled himself up, using the bloody bench-bed, and wrapped his arms around me, stroking my hair. Carmen came up behind and put a comforting arm around me. George stared at Strasser with wide, frightened eyes, and stiffly inched himself in front of the rest of us. Carmen, Pepe and George were as traumatized as I was, but infinitely more controlled. All three of them were experienced in dealing with danger, and negotiating with dangerous people (albeit, not at the level of Major Strasser). They were all prepared to try talking our way out of this mess; but they knew better than to try speaking before Strasser gave them permission. Pinching his pistol in both hands, Strasser addressed the group of us. \"If any of you has any information on those visas, it might prevent your friend from being sent to a concentration camp. Otherwise, we have far more persuasive methods awaiting him at Dachau.\" Pepe swallowed, still clutching his wife's arm. \"I know who most of Signor Ugarte's business associates are. I can name several people. Signor Ferrari, Bernardo Dioli, Franz Groeb—\" Ugarte's face became vicious, though he still avoided direct eye-contact with Strasser. \"You can tear Casablanca apart brick by brick , you will never find those visas.\" He threw me a serious look. \"Get out of here Sofie. Now.\" He was trying to make it sound like an order, but beneath his masculine front, his eyes looked on the verge of tears. \"Visitation is over.\" Strasser ordered. \"Signor Ugarte, you are to be deported to Dachau Concentration Camp, until such time as you or one of your friends can produce the location of those exit visas.\" He jerked his gun at me, but I didn't move. I recalled the scene just moments ago, when Renault had made it clear that Strasser couldn't kill us for no reason…although, \"resisting the police\" might be a passable reason for him to shoot. Ugarte took my arm, looking at me pleadingly. \"I'll be alright Sofie. I've heard of Dachau, it's not so bad as Auschwitz or some of the others. I survived the worst parts of Casablanca, I'll last in a cut-rate concentration camp.\" Sniffling, I whispered, \"Why don't you just tell him?\" \"I will tell them, just not right now. I can't. I can't explain it Sofie, you've just got to trust me. You go, I'll write you.\" \"No one writes from concentration camps.\" \"I write official exit visas signed by the top generals. I'll find a way to write from a concentration camp, moi amore.\" In casual situations, he often called me \"My Love\" in English. But he saved the Italian variation for when we were alone, or what I was particularly upset. I would usually return the phrase in Polish. Through my tears I began to see the logic in it. They couldn't afford to kill Ugarte until he told them where those visas were. And—naively—I trusted his ascertain that Dachau was \"not so bad,\" thinking he'd know from his various criminal sources. Perhaps the skills that had kept him alive all these years in the criminal underworld would serve him in Dachu. Still sniffling, I finally replied, \"Write me then, moja milosc. As soon as you can, write me.\" Carmen urged me to my feet, and reluctantly I went with her. Carmen kept her arms around me, and Pepe and George flanked us protectively, as we exited the cell and made our way down the hall. Renault remained with Strasser, while two of the guards escorted us up the staircase. I was vaguely aware of some guards and other prisoners watching us, but didn't care. We were in the lobby, almost at the door, when the two gunshots rang through the building. I tore away from Carmen and ran back to the stairwell door, which a guard was just beginning to close. My adrenaline helped me shove past the bewildered guard, and tear down the stairs before he could stop me. My friends were shouting at me but I hardly heard them, possibly because the gunshots had temporarily deafened me. Ugarte was in the middle of the hallway, lying face down. How he'd ended up outside of his cell, I had no idea. Nearby, Major Strasser was pressing one of Renault's guards against the barred wall of a cell, holding the man by the lapels, screaming at him in German. The guard was holding a smoking pistol. Strasser's face was red, and the guard's face was white as a sheet. Strasser was swearing at the guard, and insulting his mother, shaking him against the bars. Meanwhile, Renault was knelt over Ugarte, gingerly checking whether he was alive. He pulled back when I arrived. As I turned Ugarte over, I caught some of what Strasser was shouting to the guard: \" We needed him alive you son of a bitch! Have you not been listening? \" The guard himself looked ready to pass out from fear. I heard Renault say apologetically, \"My men are trained to shoot at the first sign of a prisoner attempting to run…\" From that, I realized that Ugarte had been lying to me, when he said Dachau wouldn't be so bad. I cradled him in my arms, stroking his hair fiercely, and calling his name. Ugarte finally opened his eyes, halfway. His face was growing pale, as the blood left his body. He managed to bring up his arm to clutch my coat. Quietly, he said, \"I thought…you'd be out of the buld…\" He slackened in my arms, his eyes still half-opened. I returned to calling Guillermo's name, and touching him, even knowing I'd get no response. Across the hall, the bars rattled as Strasser shook the guard again, still screaming in German. Renault peered over my shoulder, and said in an indoor voice, \"The sooner you four are away from here, the better.\" I realized that Carmen, Pepe and George must have caught up to me. Carmen grabbed my arm and hauled me to my feet. She was crying almost as hard as me, but even still, she was as collected and strong as the men. I'd never be as strong as Carmen, I thought. The next few minutes were a blur, as my friends led me out of the prison and through a maze of dark buildings in the sleeping city—I think they wanted to throw off any policeman or Nazis that might think to follow us—and somehow, we wound up in Carmen and Pepe's apartment. I spent the remainder of the night there, crying on and off, and wondering what kind of burial my Guillermo's body was receiving. A/N: The reasoning behind this chapter is that Ugarte died mysteriously in prison, and it's implied that Strasser and Renault killed him…yet, they clearly wanted to know where those letters of transit were, and I can't believe they wouldn't have tried to get the information from Ugarte first. And if Ugarte was truly such scum, he would have gladly told them Rick had the letters, hoping to save himself. (I'm not saying it would have worked; just that a true scumbag would have tried it.) The fact that he didn't tell on Rick proves Ugarte has at least that much bravery and/or loyalty to his friend.[Chapter 12] A/N: This chapter. Was a pain. In the butt. I had to rent the DVD from the library, and viciously re-watch a chunk of scenes, to get everything down as accurately as possible. I will be VERY relieved when my fic is passed the events of the movie. Don't get me wrong, it's lots of fun, observing all the background events and making up stories for them. But it also takes a lot more effort than just making things up from thin air. Blech. I don't own \"Casablanca.\" Chapter 12: Victor Laszlo I said at the beginning that I stayed clear of important people like Rick Blaine, Victor Laszlo, and Captain Renault. That was a bit of a generalization. I was never personally close to any of them, this is true. But I did have brief, impactful encounters with all three. The day after Ugarte's death was the day I met the Czech resistance leader. For the first half of that day, the four of us—Carmen, Pepe, George, and I—remained at Carmen and Pepe's apartment, as if we were hiding out from something. For all we knew, we were. I was a mess of hysterics, that I'm now embarrassed to remember. Carmen pacified me with some reefers; possibly not the treatment a doctor would recommend, but our resources were limited, and medicine in the 1940s was not so well understood as today. Meanwhile, Pepe and George discussed what to do next. I eventually began to settle down. I'd been to Carmen and Pepe's many times before, usually with Ugarte, and their apartment was a calming, familiar environment for me. The décor was heavily artistic, with lots of exotically patterned rugs and tropical plants (some of which served as more than decoration). It was a bit like the Blue Parrot actually, but infinitely more tasteful. They had a black cat named Adelina, who they'd raised from a stray, and there was no better therapist in all of Casablanca than that cat. \"Victor Laszlo's in town,\" George paced the living room. \"Word from the bird is, he's gonna be at Rick's this evening. I was kinda hoping to get a few words in with him.\" Carmen scoffed from the couch, as she scooped up Adelina up from the rug. \"How can you think about your journalism at a time like this, George?\" \"Last night's what fueled me to get back on my journalism. We can't just sit back while the Nazis pick us off one by one. By interviewing Laszlo I'll be helping to spread the word on the Nazi's crimes, and let everyone in Europe know there're people willing to fight.\" \" I'm not willing to fight,\" I said quietly, staring at my hands on my lap. \"I just want my family to get over here so we can get out of this nightmare already. I'm just a coward.\" Carmen passed me the cat, \"There's a difference, Sofie, between being a coward, and simply not being able to afford bravery for the moment.\" I clung to the cat in my lap, scratching her absentmindedly behind the ears. Ugarte was the only one who outright knew the full situation about Rachel, Anchel and Sarah. But most of my friends knew at least that I was waiting for my sister and her children, and I suspected that most of them suspected the reason we were running in the first place. As I sat there stroking the cat, something suddenly occurred to me. \"Our vis—I, I have something important, in my apartment.\" Pepe assured me, \"The Nazis have no reason to go to your apartment.\" \"They know we're friends of Ugarte's,\" George reminded him. \"And he told them he left his visas with a 'friend.'\" \"But Strasser never even got any of our names!\" Pepe argued. \"Much less find out where we live.\" \"In that case, we all might wanna ditch these clothes we're wearing. Since that's what the pigs have to go on.\" Truth, I did need to wash and change my clothes. The Spanish disguise I'd spent so long working on was now all but useless, since Strasser would now be looking for a Spanish woman. (Actually, two, counting Carmen.) \"Carmen,\" I said, \"Maybe you should come and see if any of my clothes will fit you. None of us wants to look Spanish anymore, at least so long as Strasser is in town.\" She agreed with me. After a brunch none of us had much of an appetite for, we separated. Pepe had to go into the market place and meet with some contacts, to gain information on what the local Nazis were up to, and which places and people we should avoid. George headed for Rick's, to wait for Laszlo. And Carmen and I went to my apartment. Even though it was the middle of the day, we entered quietly; Yvonne stayed out late when she didn't work the next day, and often slept in on mornings, sometimes as late as noon. At times when she and Rick were fighting, it also wasn't uncommon for her to have a strange man in the bed. I told Carmen to wait in the kitchen while I went to get my clothes from the bedroom. I was not surprised at all to see Yvonne dead asleep, nor to see a well-built man with his bare arm draped over her. Even if my mind hadn't been clouded with reefers and trauma, I would still have been long past caring. Yet after opening my drawer, I did a double-take. Someone on the floor caught my eye. Yvonne and her lover's clothing was scattered around the bed, and the man's clothing consisted of a uniform. That shouldn't surprise me, I thought. Yvonne always fancied high-profile men. But something was still wrong, and it took a moment for my drug-fogged mind to register it. The uniform was brown. French uniforms weren't brown... A swastika was pinned to the jacket. I gave a quick gasp, stopping my mouth with my fist. Then hoped to hell it wouldn't wake Yvonne or her Nazi. I rummaged through my drawer as quietly as I could. Before anything else, I got my visas. I now kept them in a brown paper bag, folded into an old, full sketchbook. I slowly grabbed some clothes that I thought might fit Carmen, and some for myself. I left the drawer opened, not wanting to make any more noise than absolutely necessary. On the way out my foot hit a hairbrush that I didn't see, sending it into Yvonne's dresser with a loud knock. Yvonne stirred, and her Nazi groaned in his sleep and rolled over. I hurried out of the bedroom, then grabbed Carmen's hand and led my confused friend out of the apartment. \"There's a Nazi in there.\" I whispered as we made our way down the hallway. \" What ?\" \"Yvonne has a Nazi over. They're asleep in her bed.\" \" Yvonne brought a Nazi home? \" Carmen sounded as shocked and enraged as I felt. Only the previous morning, Yvonne had been scolding Ugarte for attracting the French police to our home. What in the hell would possess her to bring a Nazi overnight? All the alcohol and absinth in the world surely couldn't degrade Yvonne's brain so. We took a cab back to Carmen and Pepe's apartment, washed up, and changed into my clothes. Unfortunately, none of my clothes fit Carmen particularly well. She settled on a pale blue dress spotted with tiny flowers that looked rather awkward on her; the top was baggy, and the skirt seemed a bit too short. But what could we do. I threw on a decorative top Ugarte had bought for me, with a red sequined carnation at the bottom of the V-neck, and tugged on a red skirt. I was tying a maroon sash around my waist when I realized, \"What are we dressing all up for, Carmen? It's not as if we're going out right now, are we?\" \"No,\" Carmen agreed. \"But we are going to Rick's tonight to see Laszlo, aren't we?\" \"We are?\" No one had said anything about it, but really it was a stupid question. Seeing Victor Laszlo would be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. No matter how untimely that opportunity might be. \"I think it would do you good Sofie,\" Carmen said. \"To see Laszlo.\" I admitted, \"I certainly don't want to go back to Yvonne.\" I finished tying my sash, and then fluffed out my dark, ratty hair. \"So what is Laszlo doing at the café? Would they actually allow him to give anti-Nazi speeches in Casablanca?\" \"I doubt that, especially with Strasser around.\" I could tell she immediately regretted bringing the Nazi major up in front of me, and she quickly continued. \"Laszlo's probably just stopping to talk with other resistance leaders in the café, or else looking for an exit visa.\" \"There's a resistance in Casablanca? \" My raised voice stirred Adelina from her nap, under the window. The cat rolled over with a coo. Carmen shrugged, headed towards the washroom. \"Who knows. I don't see why not, given how much safer it is here than in Europe.\" Carmen leaned in on the bathroom mirror, and began rolling her hair up over her forehead. \"Would you give Laszlo a visa?\" I asked her. \"Or would you make him pay you like everyone else?\" \"For Victor Laszlo, I would be charitable—if only I could help him.\" She began searching her drawer for accessories. \"But Pepe and I know only how to forge general visas, for ordinary civilians. That's all most of the crooks in Casablanca know how to do.\" She stuck a headband of white (false) flowers in her hair, behind the forehead roll. \"Only a very few people in Casablanca have the skills and materials to create authentic visas of the sort that would help Laszlo.\" My eyes darted around the patterned rug on the floor, as I worked it all out. \"So that's why Ugarte had to steal those two visas, instead of just making them like usual. They were a kind he couldn't just make on his own.\" Carmen paused, in the middle of doing her makeup. \"Two visas,\" she breathed. \"He stole two visas…and Laszlo is traveling with a woman, everyone says.\" Me being the dumb ox I am, it took me some moments to catch on to her train of thought. But I eventually got there. \"They were for Laszlo! Guillermo was going to sell those to Lasz…\" The lump in my throat prevented me from speaking further. Carmen had to comfort me once again, and she began distracting me with stories she'd heard about Laszlo. We spent the next hour or so talking about the Czech fighter, and the various resistance movements around Europe, while looking for jewelry and accessories to doll ourselves up. We deliberately did our hair and makeup as differently as the previous day as possible, in hopes of throwing off Strasser. (We weren't positive he really cared about us, but we were taking no chances.) Carmen had gone for the large roles and flowered headband, hoping to chase away yesterday's image of the slick-haired woman in the cute cap. I left mine mostly down, and looking a bit ratty, a far cry from the elegant rolls I'd worn the day before. We avoided the exotic makeup styles we'd used the previous night, and instead used the minimum, making ourselves look rather plain. Easy to blend in. We switched our usual hoop earrings for (false) pearls, hoping to look as un-Spanish as possible. Pepe eventually came home from the market place, and took a long look at us. \"How do we look, Pepe?\" Carmen asked her husband sarcastically. Eyeing her awkward dress he replied, \"You look like an elegant Spanish lady stuffed into Dorothy Gale's farm dress.\" \" Dorothy Gale ?\" Carmen glanced down at her (well, my) dress. \"Dorothy's dress didn't have any flowers on it!\" \"Whatever you say, Dorothy.\" Pepe went to hang up his hat. \"What do I look like?\" I asked, hoping for something equally humorous. I could use a laugh, even a little one. With a half-shrug Pepe replied, \"You look…Jewish.\" He added, \"I mean that in a nice way.\" \"It's not 'nice' if the Nazis think so too,\" Carmen warned. \"What can they do about it?\" Pepe pressed. \"If they could do anything about it Casablanca wouldn't be the refugee stopping point it is. If they can't touch Victor Laszlo they certainly can't get Sofie!\" \"But he could find an excuse,\" Carmen countered. \"And us too Pepe. Just because Spain is on good terms with the Nazis doesn't mean that it will save us from being friends with Ug…\" she stopped talking. \"That bastard's going to be there isn't he,\" I rubbed my arm anxiously. After a moment Carmen said, \"We don't have to go, Sofia.\" \"No. I mean yes. I mean, I want to see Victor Laszlo.\" Major Strasser's face, voice, and grip would haunt me for the rest of my life, I already knew. I needed some heroic figure to combat it. Even if all I saw was Laszlo having a cigarette, or walking through a door, or scratching his nose, just the physical proof that a fighter like him existed would be enough to put a dent in the torment I'd been feeling since the last night. \"Laszlo was at the Blue Parrot this morning.\" Pepe began pouring himself some coffee from an elegant metal coffee set that the couple always kept in the living room. Carmen and I swapped a glance. \"You met him?\" Carmen asked hopefully. \"No, I scarcely saw him.\" Pepe poured two more cups and offered them to us. \"I was listening for information, so I kept my head down. I was playing cards with a few of the boys and their lady friends. Before Laszlo showed up it was Monsieur Rick.\" He emphasizes, with a slight jab of his coffee cup, \" The Rick.\" \" Stupido elephante .\" Carmen muttered over her own coffee. \"What other Rick is there in Casablanca? It's an awfully American sounding name, no?\" I suggested, \"There could be a Brit named Rick.\" \"If you'll both shut up for twelve seconds, I'll tell you what I heard. Rick entered to speak to Signor Ferrari. The Nazis apparently suspect that Ugarte left the letters of transit with him.\" Carmen and I both stared at Pepe like he had lobsters coming out of his ears. Carmen just couldn't see it. \"Rick? Involved in the visa business?\" I shook my head. \"Rick did nothing to help Ugarte from the police. They weren't in cahoots. Yvonne and Sascha say he's neutral on everything and from what I've seen it's true.\" Pepe shrugged. \"I only know what I heard, not how it makes any sense. Anyhow, Ferrari wanted to buy the letters from Rick but Rick denied having them, and then left. And as soon as Rick was leaving, Laszlo came in. I got only a glimpse of him—I never get caught staring. I always use the peripherals,\" he tapped himself next to his eye. \"Laszlo wanted to purchase an exit visa, two of them, for himself and for a woman traveling with him.\" \"You were right Carmen,\" I said quietly. \"He is here for visas.\" \"I expected as much.\" Carmen took a savoring sip of her coffee. \"What else do people come to Casablanca for, except to leave Casablanca?\" \"Very clever.\" Pepe said dryly. \"Of course I knew already what Ferrari's answer would be. He told me as soon as I entered the café about an hour earlier.\" Pepe squinted his eyes, and quoted in the best impression of the Fat Man that his own Spanish accent would allow. \"'Word is around that Victor Laszlo is looking for a visa. Anyone who chooses to help him does so at his own risk.' In vernacular, if we give Laszlo a visa, the Nazis will be down on us, and the Big Fatso won't be bailing any of us out.\" \"So no one gave Laszlo a visa?\" I asked, unable to hide my disgust. \"Not a single person volunteered.\" Pepe said regretfully. \"Not that most of us could make that sort of visa, anyway.\" \"Yah,\" I sighed, \"So Carmen told me. But… surely there's something that can be done. After all Victor Laszlo's done for all of us? For all the world?\" Carmen looked at me sadly. \"You want to try sketching up a false visa for him Sophie? Chances are no one in Casablanca could help Laszlo even if they wanted to. And chances are no one in Casablanca is brave enough to want to.\" She was right of course. Horribly right. I wasn't even strong enough to try avenging Ugarte, much less save Victor Laszlo. That was the difficulty with people like Laszlo. Only special people became heroes like that, and when they got into trouble, who was around to help them ? Desperate to change the subject, I asked Pepe, \"So, what happened afterward?\" \"Hmm? Ah! So then his woman entered—Laszlo's woman—and they talked more with Ferrari, just repeating their request. I didn't know at first if she was his wife, or a lady friend. She wore gloves, so it was impossible to look for a wedding ring. There was no ring on Laszlo though, so I think perhaps she was simply another rebel agent.\" \"A wife or lady friend would be a rebel agent,\" Carmen reminded him. \"No? A man like Victor Laszlo wouldn't marry some swooning damsel in distress. I've heard stories about those resistance women, in France and places. They do all kinds of things, hiding documents, spying, even assassinations. She's probably some iron lady of war!\" \"Well she certainly seemed intelligent and in control of herself.\" Pepe admitted. \"Not bad looking either. Though I generally prefer brunettes.\" Carmen smiled. \"There's no need to flatter me Pepe. Our marriage is still opened.\" \"I know, and I wasn't. She was really just not my sort at all. Anyhow, Ferrari told Laszlo and the lady that he thought Rick had the papers, and directed them to Rick's Café. I'm certain Laszlo will be at the café this evening, perhaps earlier. He may be there now. But if you want to get a glimpse at Laszlo we do so at a great risk. Major Strasser will certainly be there.\" He nodded to each of us. \"You just keep up those goofy disguises, and we might fool him.\" \"Should you maybe lose the bright white suit?\" Carmen's small dark eyes went up and down her husband's outfit. \"Plenty of men wear these,\" Pepe argued. \"Trust me, people always notice the women more.\" We wasted time at the apartment for a few more hours, listening to music on the radio, playing with the cat, and trying hard not to think about Ugarte. We ate supper, then went out at around nine. On our way to the café (we walked this time), Pepe updated us some more on what he'd learned and observed at the Blue Parrot. \" Don't trust Bernardo,\" he warned us in a hushed voice. \" I don't trust him. He's not sorry for Ugarte, and he's not sorry for any of us. When I told him what happened last night he seemed to find it amusing. And Ferrari didn't care either, he just made some cruel remarks.\" Pepe's face and tone shifted from urgency to anger. \"I don't say this to upset you two, but you must know. Those men are scum . I'm certain, now, neither of them would mind selling any of us out to the Nazis.\" \"I knew both those men were scum,\" Carmen's lip curled as she spoke, \"But I had no idea...\" For that time of the evening, Rick's Café was oddly quiet. It felt as if half the usual number of people were there, though the café was about as packed as always. But the atmosphere had shifted. Laszlo was nowhere in sight, though we did see Rick sitting at a table, drinking with himself. The American seemed to do many things by himself: drinking, playing chess, running his business… Sam was in his usual gold suit, playing a soft tune on his piano. With him stood a woman with a guitar I'd seen now and again at the café and around town—a middle-aged, Spanish Gypsy. Rom , I corrected myself. At least, I figured her for a Romani performer; the style of coined chain she often wore over her hair (but had forgone tonight), the coined earrings, and colorful attire was very much like the French Gypsy performers I'd seen in Paris. I wondered briefly if Annina knew this woman, then dismissed the idea. A Bulgarian Rom had no more reason to know a Spanish one than I had to know a Spanish Jew. Everyone in the café seemed a bit on edge. I wondered if we had missed something the previous night, after we'd run after Ugarte. Or if everyone was just reacting to Ugarte's arrest, like I was. It had been a traumatic event for the entire café, I think. Even for those who didn't know Ugarte, seeing a tiny sad-eyed man getting dragged away by the Nazis would put a damper in anybody's evening, I'm sure. Given our current mood, it is no surprise that Carmen, Pepe and I went first to Sascha's bar. A French guard with a thin mustache sat slumped over a drink, and I instantly recognized him. \"Christophe!\" I gasped quietly. \"That's Yvonne's brother,\" I explained to Carmen and Pepe, as the three of us neared the bar. \"He's just transferred from France to look over Yvonne. They had a fight of some kind the other night, I heard.\" Hearing me speaking about him, Christophe looked up from his drink. His brown eyes were framed by dark circles. \"Have you seen Yvonne?\" he asked desperately. \"You are her roommate, aren't you?\" I nodded. \"That's correct.\" So he didn't know about Yvonne's Nazi yet. Should I tell him? I could hardly believe it myself. God, just to tell him that his sister was in bed with a man at all would be disgraceful. (It was a different time, the 1940s.) To add that it was a Nazi … \"So?\" Christophe urged. \"Where is she?\" \"I saw her this morning,\" I said carefully. \"She was asleep. She often sleeps in on weekends.\" \"Chh,\" Christophe nodded wearily. \"That she certainly does.\" Rubbing the bridge of his nose, he dared, \"Sleeping by herself?\" I stared at him silently. Christophe sighed and turned down to his drink. Sensing the discomfort in the air, Pepe volunteered, \"I think I'll find us a table. Would you care to join us, Signor…?\" He was hoping for an introduction. \"No.\" Christophe replied without even looking back at Pepe. Pepe shrugged, dipped his hat politely, and left. Carmen chose to stick with me for the moment. \"What happened last night,\" I asked Christophe, \"between you and Yvonne? Our friend Rita said you two had a fight.\" Christophe nodded. \"Politics.\" He took a large gulp of his drink. \"I came to Casablanca with the notion that I was coming here to watch over my sister, until someone defeats the Nazis, or they just get worn out from conquering and give us back France. But she has the idea we should go straight on to America, and just leave it all behind.\" \"That might be safer,\" I pointed out. \"It's what most of us here are planning to—\" \"Well I'm not!\" Christophe barked, startling us. \"Excuse me Madames,\" he apologized. \"Mademoiselle,\" Carmen jerked her head at me. \"But I'm a Madame.\" He shook his head. \"I'm French. French! I joined the army to serve my country, not to,\" his lip curled, as he fought back the urge to say something vulgar. \"Not to be the Nazi's pet watchdog. Not to run away to America with my tail between my legs, and just give them France. No, I'm going to wait this one out, and Yvonne will be fine. She's hardly even afraid of the Nazis, certainly not as much as she ought to be. She just wants to run away to America and become a movie star, or marry some rich oil baron.\" I had to admit, that did sound like Yvonne. Especially a Yvonne who might be finally over Rick, and wanting to forget about him as quickly as possible. Christophe went for another sip, then noticed his glass was empty. \"Sascha,\" he waved his glass, while staring down at the counter. The Russian bartender turned around wearily, then gave a weak nod and went to fetch Christophe a refill. Carmen crossed her arms on the counter. \"Bad morning all around it seems.\" Sascha turned back around to pour Christophe's drink, and replied to Carmen. \"This morning Captain Renault came to search the café, for the two letters of transit that Ugarte stole from the couriers. They thought he might have them for some reason. They turned the entire place upside down, and broke five full bottles of wine and Vodka when ransacking my bar. It took us hours to make this place habitable again.\" He locked his tired eyes on mine. \"Sofie, why in God's name are you here? Major Strasser will be back you know.\" I swallowed, and replied with forced stiffness, \"I'm waiting to see Victor Laszlo.\" I nodded to Christophe's drink, and added quietly, \"I'll have whatever he's having.\" Sascha raised a thick eyebrow, and began pouring me a glass. \"What about? You planning to join the resistance?\" \"I didn't say talk to Laszlo, I said see Laszlo. Take the cotton out of your ears you stupid Russian.\" I closed my eyes. \"No Sascha, I'm sorry I, I didn't mean that. I've been not myself, after what happened last night,\" I looked back up at Sascha. \"Did you hear, Sascha, about…Signor Ugarte?\" Sascha gave me a long look, and passed my drink to me. \"Everyone's heard about that.\" He moved to put the bottle away, but kept speaking. \"That reporter Holden told a few people here, earlier today. One of Ugarte's friends told his friends at the Blue Parrot, and Victor Laszlo told someone in the market. By noon I was hearing three different reports from all three lines. One that Ugarte was sent to a concentration camp, one that he was murdered in prison, and one that he committed suicide.\" \"He wasn't sent to a camp.\" My voice was low and hard. \"Ugarte made certain of that.\" I took a long, quick gulp of my drink. \"So it was …?\" Sascha's tired eyes widened, and his voice dropped to a whisper. \"I mean he…?\" The Russian put a finger-gun to his head, mimicking suicide. Christophe was looking at me, curiously and sorrowfully. Behind him, I saw a few eavesdropping bar patrons. The dumpy waiter Karl stood frozen in mid-stride, listening. \"Sofie?\" Sascha asked. \"You were there? Or you only heard—\" \"Oh leave it Sascha,\" Carmen snapped. \"She doesn't want to—\" \" Yes I was there. Carmen too.\" My voice was angry now, though not at anyone in the room. \"So what was it?\" Christophe asked softly. \"Escape attempt or suicide?\" I blinked down to my drink. \"I haven't yet figured it out.\" I raised my glass, then put it down irritably. \"Carmen this stool is hurting something I can't say in this high-class café. Doesn't Pepe have a table waiting for us?\" My eavesdroppers stopped listening. Once more Carmen and I invited Christophe to join us, and once more he refused the offer. We left to join Pepe at our table. \"I was beginning to think you two'd forgotten I was here,\" Pepe said, pulling out a chair for his wife. \"I got us a good spot for observation, right in the middle of the café. We should be able to see Laszlo no matter where he sits. Not to mention anyone we might want to avoid.\" \"Where's George.\" I said rudely, wanting to change the subject. \"At the roulette wheel.\" Pepe replied politely. \"Interviewing a few people who've talked to Laszlo, and arguing with Saddako. I think they fancy each other.\" Carmen muttered something in Spanish, I think asking Pepe if he'd honestly just noticed the flare between Saddako and George. Just as the two crooks and I took our seats, someone from my cleaner circle of friends spotted me and began weaving her way through the tables towards us. It was Brigitte Fabien. You might recall Brigitte as the French woman born and raised in Casablanca, back when Casablanca was merely a city and not a refugee stopping point. She had an interesting look about her tonight—a pale green checkered dress, with her blonde hair crowning her forehead in elegant double-rolls. The odd clash of a provincial dress and elegant hair was much like Carmen's getup tonight. I had a witty comment prepared for both of them, but lost it as soon as Brigitte reached our table, and I saw the distress on her face. \"Sofie!\" Brigitte spoke in a rushed whisper. \"Sofie, Rita told me something about Yvonne, something…I cannot believe it. But you're her roommate, you would know.\" I raised my eyebrows just slightly, urging Brigitte to go on. \"Rita said she was in the market today, and saw Yvonne with her arm around a, a Nazi. In full uniform. I thought she must be pranking me but she swears it's true.\" I searched Brigitte's green eyes, wondering what to tell her. Finally I replied flatly, \"Yvonne's done far more with that Nazi than just put her arm around him.\" Brigitte's lips parted, her entire face quivering. \"I don't understand it either.\" I said, allowing my bitterness to show through. \"She probably thinks she's being smart,\" Pepe shook his cigar over the ash tray. \"Maybe it's not a coincidence that she's done this right after Ugarte was taken away.\" My rage only boiled higher. \"Ugarte's fate should have reminded her about me! She knows how much danger I'm in around Nazis!\" Pepe shrugged again. \"Maybe she thought she was helping you, by getting on a Nazi's good side.\" He held up his hands defensively. \"I don't say that I agree with her! I'm only trying to follow her line of thought.\" I shook my head angrily. \"The words 'Yvonne' and 'thought' do not go together. I don't care what she thinks she's doing, I'm getting a new roommate as soon as I can. I don't know that I can even go back there.\" \"Come stay with me,\" Brigitte urged. \"I'm certain Mama and Papa won't mind. They're always desperate for company, especially in these times. And I can promise you I'll be avoiding Yvonne from now on.\" \"Thank you Brigitte,\" I looked back at the bar. \"But what will we tell her brother?\" All heads turned to look at Christophe, who was still hunched over his drink. No one offered any suggestions about what to tell him. Not far down the counter, the infamous Pickpocket was working his magic on a poor unsuspecting businessman. By now most of us knew the Pickpocket. We watched out for him, and tried to warn others discreetly, but never outwardly called him out, because for all anyone knew, he might have powerful friends like Signor Ferrari. (I doubted this, but wasn't willing to take the risk.) Sascha watched wearily as the Pickpocket charmed the victim, then turned around to go wash a cup, not interested in seeing the rest. The pickpocket finally left the counter, bidding his victim good day, before colliding with Karl. Karl searched himself frantically, then relaxed, realizing the pickpocket hadn't taken anything from him. I turned back to Brigitte. \"Do you think Yvo—\" Brigitte's green eyes bulged suddenly, and she put a hand on my back, forcing my head down. Carmen and Pepe quickly hunched over their drinks as far as they could without their noses touching the table. I could guess why we were all ducking, but had to look anyway. The Nazis were entering the café in double-file, like some kind of parade. Major Strasser led them, smoking a fat cigarette. As they passed the piano, Sam continued to play with a huge smile and his eyes glued shut, determined not to notice the Nazis. The woman with the guitar cringed visibly as they marched by, and frantically strummed at her guitar, somehow missing at all of the strings. Mercifully, Strasser's train didn't cut directly past us, as we were seated deep in the forest of tables. After many moments, Pepe mumbled, \"Is it safe to look up again? My neck is killing me.\" Brigitte dared to slowly raise her head, then gave a small gasp. \" Oh mon dieu, cette pute! \" I wasn't quite fluent in French, but I knew which words meant, Oh my God, that whore! I turned around, knowing I'd see Yvonne and her Nazi. The radiant joy on her face, though, was absolutely sickening. They walked arm in arm, Yvonne beaming like she'd just found her Prince Charming. Her choice of dress was fabulous in its irony: an elegant flowing gown, topped with a glistening jacket striped in black and white, like a glorified jail uniform. It was as if she had deliberately picked an outfit that screamed to the whole café, Look, I've surrendered to the Nazis, and isn't it wonderful! As they passed Rick—who was now drinking with Captain Renault—she glanced at him, as if hoping for some kind of reaction. (She got none.) The depths to which Yvonne would sink for a petty romantic revenge were appalling. Had the man not been wearing a Nazi uniform, I might have been genuinely impressed with Yvonne; this was the first time I'd seen her with a man who wasn't young and handsome. This man was middle aged, balding, and about as much of a \"Prince Charming\" as Grumpy the dwarf. Had he not been a Nazi I might have thought Yvonne was finally maturing into someone who didn't go just for looks. But in this situation, the partner's homely looks only made things worse; they reminded one that there was certainly nothing about this man that attracted Yvonne at all, except his high ranking position in the Nazi army. They went straight to the bar, pausing just long enough for Yvonne to outstretch her arms and gleefully cry, \" Saschaaa !\" The bartender was frozen over his counter, with his arms spread wide. Yvonne and the Nazi seated themselves directly in front of Sascha, and only a couple seats down from Christophe. Yvonne didn't seem to notice her brother. He clearly knew she was there, but didn't look up. He carefully sipped his drink, looking like he was waiting for the right moment to jump in. \"French seventy-five!\" the Nazi said to Sascha. \"Well have the whole row Sascha!\" Yvonne said. \"Starting here,\" she put her hand on the counter, \"And ending here!\" she hit the table with her long iridescent purse. Sascha just stared at Yvonne under his bushy eyebrows, hunched over like a cat facing two German shepherds. \"We'll begin with two,\" the Nazi chuckled, put his arm around her. Christophe finally set down his drink. He looked at the Nazi, then at Yvonne. I strained to understand what Christophe said to her, with the moderate French I knew. It sounded like, \" Well, aren't you a Frenchmen, coming around here with a German! \" Shaking her head angrily, Yvonne snapped back (I think), \" What are you meddling in? \" Then Christophe replied with something I couldn't here. Yvonne's retort was, \" I don't care a bit about you! \" The Nazi was now rising from his stool, circling around to Christophe. \"No no,\" he waved his hand in the air. \"No-no-no-no-no…\" He grabbed Christophe and turned him around to a face him. \"What did you say?\" he asked sternly, patronizingly. \"Would you kindly repeat it?\" The Nazi had at least a few inches on Christophe, but the French soldier didn't budge. Christophe sized up the Nazi, then sneered, \"What I said is none of your business .\" \"I will make it my business.\" He slapped Christophe across the face, disheveling his hair. The fact that he'd gone for a slap instead of a punch was an extra insult. It said that he considered himself a teacher disciplining a child, and not a man disagreeing with an equal. Christophe delivered a brilliant punch, which the Nazi just barely dodged. He grabbed Christophe's arm—another cowardly move—and prepared another attack. As they scuffled, Yvonne stood by helplessly, pouting in French, \" Stop it, please stop it! \" Rick finally came up from behind, and shoved the Nazi off of Christophe, breaking them up. By now, many people were watching. \"I don't like disturbances in my place,\" Rick said. \"Either lay off politics or get out.\" Two other French policemen took a hold of Christophe, and pulled him away. Christophe threw one last insult at the Nazi, before reluctantly leaving with his comrades. \"What did he say?\" I whispered to Brigitte. Brigitte replied, \"He said, 'Beat it Hun. Our day of revenge will come.'\" Carmen's eyebrows rose. \"Strasser doesn't look too happy.\" Indeed, Strasser and Renault were standing nearby, looking stiffly uncomfortable. I was terrified for a moment that Strasser might order something done to poor Christophe, but miraculously the two officers turned around and went back to their table. I heard Renault say apologetically (in English), \"I cannot regulate the feelings of my people…\" Sascha reluctantly served Yvonne and her Nazi, glaring at Yvonne the entire time. The two left with their drinks, and the Nazi steered her to a table among Strasser's crowd. My blood ran cold, at the sight of my roommate and old friend, seated in that group, with the man who'd killed Guillermo (albeit indirectly) feet away from her. Yvonne looked suddenly on edge (about time!), clearly frightened to be so near to Strasser. Her new boyfriend asked what was wrong, and she smiled weakly. Strasser seemed amused by Yvonne's edginess, and looked on his officer with approval, silently congratulating him on conquering a foreign woman. After taking her seat, Yvonne avoided eye-contact with the Nazis, and began looking around the café. She looked over at Sascha, who was still glaring at her, then quickly looked away. Her eyes fell then on Brigitte and me, and her distress increased. Brigitte and I conveyed our hatred for Yvonne with our eyes, showing her no mercy. The glares of accusation were in the faces of almost any friend or acquaintance with whom Yvonne dared to make eye-contact. With that disgusting display clear in my mind, and still no Victor Laszlo in sight, I decided to distract myself with my favorite hobby after sketching: people-watching. I found Saddako and George standing by a potted palm, arguing about something. A few tables away, businessman who thought no one was looking was cleaning out his nose with his thumb. A Moslem man was having trouble with his turban, working to retie it while staring at the nose-picking businessman with mild revulsion. The plump, kindly waiter Karl was over at a table with two German refugees, sharing some shots. The couple was clearly struggling with their English, as I could see when the husband asked his wife for the time. (\"What watch?\" \"Ten watch.\" \"Such much?\") Was it ten o'clock already? Just a table over from the Germans was what looked like a newly-married couple, the wife still wearing a heavily flowered veil. Over by the piano, Sam was conversing with the guitar-woman, both of them looking grim. On the other side of the café, a dark young woman in a slick black suit was headed towards Rick's table, looking apprehensive. I sat up straight, when I recognized her face. \"Annina!\" I breathed. \"Who?\" Carmen asked. \"My frie—I mean, someone I met a few days ago.\" Pepe cocked his head. \"Say, I saw that girl earlier today, at the Blue Parrot. Yes, it was just as Rick was entering. That girl and her husband were talking with Signor Ferrari, he was apologizing for not being able to help them.\" \"Ugarte was supposed to help them,\" I now remembered. Annina and Rick were too far away for us to hear their conversation. But we could tell Annina was begging him for some kind of help. Rick's back was to us, making it impossible to see his reaction. Brigitte asked me quietly, \"Do you have access to Ugarte's papers?\" \"I've no idea where he hid most of his supplies,\" I whispered sadly. \"I doubt the visas he was working on for them are even finished. He didn't usually steal them, at least not the entire visas. Supplies for making them perhaps. He sometimes had them pre-made, but it usually took him a while to put them together…\" I turned quickly around to Carmen and Pepe. \"You could help them, couldn't you? They're just ordinary civilians! I'll pay for it. I'll give you my jewelry, it's worth—\" \"Of course we'd help her Sofie,\" Carmen put her hand on my arm. \"Pepe and I are scum, but for a friend of a friend we could make an exception. Couldn't we Pepe.\" Pepe's dark eyes widened with distress. \" Pepe ?\" Carmen eyed her husband. He looked at her nervously, then at me. \"I'd be glad to help your friend, unpaid even, but…she'll have to be willing to wait for me and Carmen to get all the supplies back together…\" Carmen's eyes bulged and she began whispering frantically in Spanish, demanding an explanation. Pepe replied back in an equally frantic tone, trying to defend his actions. After several moments of their bickering I hissed, \" What? What is it? \" Carmen explained angrily, \"He burned them! All of our pre-made visas, all of our pre-ordered visas we still owe customers, all of our supplies…!\" \" What? \" I was as confused as I was upset. \"When? Why?\" \"While you two were going to your apartment to get your clothes,\" Pepe wiped his head with his handkerchief. \"After what happened to Ugarte you think I'm going to leave any evidence…?\" \"What about the people who are already waiting on us?\" Carmen hissed angrily. \"Who've already paid us?\" \"As soon as this situation cools down…\" he switched back to Spanish, continuing to defend himself while Carmen continued to berate him. Pepe eventually turned back to me, glanced back at Annina and Rick, and said hopefully, \"Rick seems to have the situation under control.\" I scoffed bitterly. \"Rick sticks his neck out for nobody, remember?\" Rick finished speaking to Annina, then got up and left, leaving her still looking very desperate. None of us could tell if Rick had agreed to help Annina, and apparently neither could she. She sat alone at the little table for several seconds, before timidly getting up to follow Rick. Rick was now talking to one of his waiters. I debated with myself, whether to rush over to consol her, or avoid catching her eye. No doubt she would ask me if there was any chance of Ugarte coming back from jail, or any chance of me being able to get his visas, and if I had to answer such questions it would only make both of us more depressed. Selfishly, and cowardly, I decided to simply watch and hope that Rick would help her. Brigitte suddenly straightened, staring off into the distance. \"Is that…?\" We all turned to follow her gaze, and Pepe's jaw dropped slowly. \"That's him alright,\" Pepe whispered. \"Victor Laszlo!\" Laszlo sauntered into the café with the lady friend Pepe had described earlier. They spoke to Rick a bit, chatting as if they already knew him. Rick regarded them as he did all his friends; as if he couldn't care less. It really rubbed me badly, that Rick couldn't even show some curtsey for Victor Laszlo. But then I remembered the Nazis, and thought (or hoped) that Rick was only feigning indifference for Laszlo's protection. He led them to a table, stopping at Sam to tell him to change the song he was playing. Sam shook his head, for some reason, and began the new song, almost reluctantly. The new song was pretty, but I didn't recognize it, and couldn't fathom why Rick had asked Sam to play it. Was it some kind of code, for Laszlo's resisters in the café? My imagination was going wild with speculation. After seating the couple, Rick returned to Annina, who was waiting with her arm around a pillar. He gave her a small nod, then headed to the game room. She followed him, and they vanished though the double-doors. \"I wonder what's going to happen in there?\" Carmen asked. \"Is he going to give her all of the money from the pot?\" \"Who knows,\" Pepe drained his drink. \"All I know is that after last night, I don't want to even look at the game room for a long, long time.\" I silently agreed. For the next few minutes, we had little else to do but watch Victor Laszlo, while trying not to be caught staring. We weren't the only ones. Practically the entire café was watching him, some not even bothering to be discrete. I don't know what I'd been expecting, but Laszlo looked far more ordinary, more real than anything I'd imagined. He was a long thin man, in a pale sand-colored suit. I supposed I'd expected someone burlier, more military-looking…but of course, he'd escaped a concentration camp! Of course he'd be thin. Looking at him, I could see now, the effects his fights had had on him. His chestnut hair was flecked with white in one spot, and a dark scar cut over one eye. His eyes seemed many years older than the rest of him. If my heart wasn't still aching for Guillermo Ugarte, I might've been enchanted by Laszlo. The man was handsome, undeniably, far more handsome than the supposed lady-killer Rick Blaine. The woman with him could certainly be a wife or lover. She seemed to fit right with him, with her collected composure, even her thin build and brown-blonde hair. It was like they'd been made for each other. Though, she seemed younger than I'd imagined, surprisingly young. But like Laszlo, she gave the sense of holding a maturity beyond her years. The two of them looked around the café carefully, and talked in quiet voices to each other. A thin, lanky man in a gray-blue suit stopped by their table to speak with Laszlo. It was a man I'd seen around the café, a young man with alert eyes and a ferret-like build. He seemed to have something very important, very serious, to say. Resistance business, possibly. \"Who's that man talking to Laszlo?\" I asked my friends quietly. \"I've seen him around. He talked to Ugarte, just before Ugarte went off to Oran.\" \"That's Berger,\" Pepe whispered. \"I don't know his first name, and doubt Berger is his real last one. He always struck me as being up to something. At first I took him for a crook like me and my wife, but lately I've been thinking he's in with one of the resistances.\" \"And they're talking here ?\" Carmen whispered, \"In front of everyone? In front of Major Strasser?\" Pepe only shrugged. \"I know what I see Love, only what I see.\" Berger soon left Laszlo, and vanished into the sea of bar patrons. I wondered about the resistance. After all that time waiting for a hero like Laszlo, there might have been heroes right under my nose every day. My own cluelessness was evident yet again. Laszlo was looking towards the game room, and I followed his gaze. Rick was now standing in the doorway, looking …embarrassed? Annina threw her arms around him in a hug and kissed his cheek. Rick stiffly removed her arms. Then Karl smiled, and said something joyfully, which Rick didn't much respond to. Karl then headed for the bar, ran behind the counter, and whispered to Sascha. In a moment, the bartender went from looking angry and beaten down to giddy and overjoyed. Sascha ran around the counter to Rick, who'd just taken a seat, and spun him around on his stool. He said something to Rick, then kissed him on either side of his cheek. Rick shoed him away, slapping his back and saying, \"You crazy Russian!\" A French policeman at the counter shook his head at them, smiling widely. Then Renault came over, to say something to Rick, looking irritated. I realized that Rick had probably saved Annina from Renault's conquests. I searched the crowd for Annina again, and found her taking a seat at a table, with her husband Jan. \"Excuse me,\" I left my table and made for Annina's. \"Sofie!\" Annina's face lit up when I approached. \"Monsieur Rick, he—\" \"Says I'm 'just a lucky guy.'\" Jan finished flatly. \"So you're on your way to America,\" I said quietly. Annina nodded. \"Yes. Yes we are.\" Her eyes were glistening. \"We'll be leaving as soon as humanly possible, by the first plane we can get. Oh please,\" she gestured. \"Won't you sit down?\" After I was seated, Jan asked with forced politeness, \"So you're a friend of Annina's?\" I recalled that Jan didn't like Annina socializing in Casablanca, paranoid of her getting into danger. \"We met in the market place,\" Annina explained. \"Remember, I told you? She was the girl who I sold the bracelet to.\" We conversed for several minutes. Annina and Jan both expressed condolences to me for Ugarte, and I returned their sympathy with how glad I was for both of them, to be getting away. It was a heartfelt but awkward conversation; we had to stay clear of several elephants in the room, including our heritage, Annina's pregnancy, and my visit at Annina's house. When it became clear that Annina and Jan needed some time to talk alone, about their plans for America and the baby, I excused myself from the table. Before I left, we had a heart-wrenching goodbye. \"We've had so few opportunities to make friends here in Casablanca,\" Annina said. \"To make friends anywhere in the last few years. You're one of the only four friends I've made in all this time here, Sofie. I wish there was some way we could all find each other again, when we're in America.\" That was the worst of it. Looking each other up in America would be difficult, if not impossible, since none of us would be rich enough to be in the phone book. And even if we were, I wasn't using my real name, and who knew of Jan and Annina were using theirs. \"You'll both be in my thoughts,\" I assured her finally. \"Always.\" Annina smiled sadly, and Jan looked at me with genuine regret. When I returned to Carmen, Pepe and Brigitte, I asked casually, \"What have I missed?\" \"Laszlo went upstairs to have a private talk with Rick,\" Carmen answered. \"I've decided to postpone killing my husband so we can figure out what Laszlo's comrade is up to.\" I looked back at Laszlo's woman, now sitting by herself. Her maturity seemed suddenly to have dropped; when she'd entered with Laszlo I'd been looking at a strong woman, yet now I felt I was looking at a young girl, no more special than myself. She looked far less like a resistance fighter, and more like an awkward refugee, just staring around the café. Fear was clear on her face. This was…understandable, but really not what I'd expected from a comrade of Victor Laszlo. \"She's observing,\" Brigitte whispered. \"Looking for threats. Probably listening for information. And all while putting on a frightened schoolgirl act. Brilliant, really.\" Of course . No freedom-fighter woman would be a scared damsel, but she'd certainly pretend to be one. I wondered if she'd ever done any spy work. My imagination took off once more, picturing the woman in various undercover adventures, like a modern day Marguerite from the Scarlett Pimpernel. The rebel woman's eyes flared, staring at something nearby her table. I followed her gaze to Sam's piano. From across the café, one of the Nazis—a fat piggish man with glasses—was approaching the piano. Sam was still playing away, obliviously. I cringed and held my breath. The Nazis despised non-whites, and Sam was clearly the least-white person in the café. The Nazi came around the piano, and without a word, pushed it right out from under Sam's fingers. (The piano was on wheels.) Sam stared at the empty space under his hands, then glanced slowly up at the piggish Nazi wheeling his piano away. He looked at the rebel woman, whose eyebrows turned up sympathetically. Sam grimaced, and then got up, heading for the bar. The pig-Nazi wheeled the piano to the little section where all the Nazis were sitting. Yvonne and her new friend were still sitting among them. Yvonne's new lover looked amused at the sight of the piano. Yvonne smiled uncomfortably. A younger, thinner Nazi took a seat at the piano and began to play a tune, to which all of the others began singing. The song caused many patrons in the café look up with fear or disgust. I knew enough German to understand the basic meaning of the song. They were singing a war tune, one about German triumph. Hugging herself uncomfortably, Brigitte said, \"I see an old professor from school. I think I'll go say hello to him.\" She excused herself, and went to talk to an old man, in a white suit and spectacles, with a white beard and mustache. He was dining with a couple I recognized from the night Ugarte was arrested, a dark French woman in a baggy plaid suit dress, and her husband or lover, a French policeman. I recalled them walking by, arm in arm, and stopping to look as Ugarte was taken away. Rita soon came up to talk to Brigitte. The young Spanish girl looked cute tonight, in a beige cargo dress, her dark curls falling freely around her shoulders. Was it my imagination, I wondered, or was everyone tonight dressed more modestly than the night before? \"Well,\" Carmen's voice shook me from my thoughts. \" I had better have a word with one of our customers, and let her know that her visa will be a little late in coming.\" She glared at Pepe, and then headed—to my surprise—to the guitar-woman. She took a seat at the woman's table, which was almost right in front of the band. The band wasn't playing anything at the moment. The men sat with their instruments down, looking painfully bored. Just a table behind Carmen and the guitar woman was Berger, watching the Nazis like a hawk. \"I'll see how Annina's doing,\" I said. \"I'll probably never see her again after tonight. I'm sure she won't mind one extra goodbye.\" \"Huh,\" Pepe scoffed. \"I see how it is, no one likes Pepe Velazquez.\" \"No Pepe,\" I explained apologetically, \"It's only we don't want to listen to these Nazi pigs and we all need some distraction.\" \"I know Sofia. It is called a joke. Look it up in the dictionary.\" Annina and Jan were staring at the singing Nazis, like a train wreck they couldn't take their eyes off of. Both blinked out of their trance when I said hello. \"Sofie,\" Annina said. \"I'm glad you came back, because we're probably just about to le—\" Loud brass instruments blared over all conversations in the café, and over the singing Nazis. They were playing \"La Marseillaise,\" the French national anthem. A man with a deep voice was singing, and immediately several people rose from their seats to sing along. The original singer was Laszlo, standing before the band with one fist raised. Several others began to rise from their tables, or chime in just from where they were sitting. Annina was the first at our table to stand. Jan and I quickly followed suit. The Nazis rose as well, and Strasser pointed behind him like a conductor, urging his men to sing louder. But they were completely drowned out by the third verse. They gave up and sat back down. I will never forget the shocked defeat on Strasser's face. Or the way the fat Nazi looked at the sea of resistors, blinking in bafflement. Long after this night, my friends and I often revisited the experience, talking about who could see whom in the sea of singers. We all remember seeing Carmen up at the front, right near Laszlo, with her elegant black hair rolls, wearing my silly blue dress. Next to her, the Spanish Rom, strumming her guitar and singing in her operatic voice. And behind them, Berger, grinning widely and singing at the top of his lungs. Many of us also recall Brigitte, singing passionately, in front of her old teacher, and an enthusiastic man who kept jabbing his arm in the air. And Rita, a ways behind Brigitte, in her beige cargo outfit. Most everyone tells me I was hard to spot. Annina and I were just two dark-haired women, a ways back in the sea of singers, with a man (Jan) somewhere between us. Few people seem to remember Sam there, but I saw him; he was standing near the game room door with Karl, both singing. I also recall seeing Sascha singing behind the bar. George and Saddako were still by their potted plant; I didn't see them, but they later told me. Both tried their best to sing along, but Saddako didn't know any of the words, and George was busy making observations for his journalism. Most striking of all, though, was Yvonne. Even from my distance I could see she was singing passionately, jabbing her fist in the air, I was later told by multiple people that tears were glistening down her face. Her low, distinctive voice rang out, particularly in the middle of the song. When the song ended, the café broke into cheers and applause. Carmen paused her clapping to jab both fists in the air triumphantly. Several people, including Brigitte's old professor, shot their arms up in victory. Some French policemen congratulated Laszlo, giving him pats on the back. Over the noise Yvonne shouted, \"Vive la France!\" Strasser turned in his seat to look at her, more fearfully than angrily. As the applause continued, Yvonne continued to yell, over and over, \"Vive la France, vive la France!\" Afterwards, several men had a toast with Laszlo. Berger was among them, as was George Holden. Finally, he'd gotten his chance to meet Laszlo. Yvonne's Nazi partner stared at her dumbfounded, as she yelled \"Vive la France\" one last time. She gave him a disinterested look, up and down, then turned to leave their table. She stopped, only to go back and get her drink, then rejoined her brother at the bar. The rejected distress on her lover's face was a priceless sight. Our joy was short-lived. Our new conversations were interrupted with another brass blast, this one from Captain Renault's whistle. \"Everybody is to leave here immediately,\" the Frenchman announced coolly. \"This café is closed until further notice. Clear the room at once!\" Well, we'd all had our fun. None of us was going to ruin it by messing with the police now. We all set down our drinks, gathered our coats and hats and purses, and cleared out as obeyed. I bid Annina and Jan a final goodbye, then rushed to find either Carmen or Brigitte; one of them, I'd be going home with. I found Carmen, and she told me to just go home with her. I couldn't find Brigitte to tell her, and had to hope that she would just trust I'd take care of myself. Or, I realized, we could simply stop by Brigitte's house on the way home, and leave a message with her parents that I was going home with Carmen. Carmen and I talked in hushed voices, as we made our way to the coat room. \"Amazing,\" Carmen was saying. \"I'm not even French— Laszlo's not even French!\" \"He was only proving that Casablanca is a French city,\" I said. \"And not a German one.\" Over the sound of Carmen's and my own chattering, I heard the distinctive voice of Rick Blaine, asking a question to Captain Renault. As we walked by (almost bumping right into them) I heard Renault say, \"I am shocked, shocked, to find gambling going on here!\" And then, as we were walking away, a third voice saying, \"Your winnings sir.\" \"Thank you…\" A/N: Special thanks to the web page \"the faculty groucer. edu,\" where I got translations for certain scenes, including the argument between Yvonne and the French officer (Christophe). I can only hope the web page is accurate; this is what I get for being a uni-lingual American. And another special thanks to Ottereight, a native French speaker who helped me with some of the French lines in this chapter.[Chapter 13] A/N: \"Casablanca\" not mine and such. It must've been around midnight when the entire population of Rick's Café was herded out onto the street. Carmen and I found George and Pepe standing in an alley just a block down from the building, along with a third man. It was that resistance fighter who'd spoken to Laszlo, that man with the alert eyes, Berger. The three men were huddled close, arguing quietly about something. Actually, Pepe and George were doing the arguing, while Berger just watched them anxiously. He took notice when Carmen and I approached. \"Madame, Mademoiselle,\" Berger greeted us. The hustle and bustle of people moving down the street created enough noise for us to speak quietly without being overheard. Berger continued, almost eagerly, \"I understand you're both friends of Ugarte's?\" Pepe hissed angrily, \" Berger! \" \"It's alright,\" I swallowed. \"Yes Signor Berger, I'm a friend of Ugarte's. And I understand you're a friend of Vi—\" Berger's gray eyes bulged, stopping my mouth. With thinly veiled impatience, Carmen told Berger, \"I think we'd best be on our way.\" I opened my mouth to protest verbally, then shut it and shook my head at her. Carmen closed her eyes and sighed deeply. Berger began carefully, \"There's a little party going on at a friend's house tonight. Someone who knew your friend Ugarte. You're all invited. You'll be welcome to leave whenever you like. You might learn some interesting—\" \" God , Berger,\" Pepe said hoarsely, \"The women ?\" George threw the Spaniard a look. \"Come on Pepe, you of all people know women aren't the delicate porcelain dolls they pretend to be.\" \"Some man you are,\" Pepe hissed back, \"Using women to fight your battles.\" \"It's their fight too!\" George snapped. Berger added darkly, \"Do the Nazis stop when they come to a woman? A child? A cripple?\" \"They're right,\" Carmen told her husband calmly. \"I'm a grown woman, able to make my own choices. And I choose that we go home and forget we ever had this conversation! Good night, Signor Berger.\" Forcefully, I said, \"I'm going. I want to see this 'party.'\" \"And do what there?\" Carmen asked testily. I silently repeated the question to myself, and finally replied, \"Listen.\" George, Berger and I went to the meeting, while Carmen and Pepe headed home. Once we broke away from the crowd, the city quickly became eerily silent. Casablanca was always oddly quiet at night. I was taken back to all the serene walks I'd had with Ugarte. This city felt empty without him. We \"walked casual,\" as George would say, trying to look like we were just going home from Rick's. But we kept to the least occupied streets we could find, and stayed clear of as many policemen as possible. Along the way, George quietly interviewed Berger. This I'll delve into, because, as fate would have it, I wound up getting to hear far more of Berger's background than Victor Laszlo's. And that's alright; you can read about Laszlo's story in plenty of history books. But George and I might be two of the only people out there who know Berger's. \"You said before you were a priest?\" George asked, as Berger led us through the sleeping market place. \"Almost,\" he replied. \"I was at the seminary for two and a half years, but left after my father was killed.\" Berger led us to an archway between two plaster buildings, pushing aside the long decorative curtain to step through. \" He was a priest. Him, my grandfather, and my great-grandfather.\" \"Catholic?\" George asked, following him through the curtain. \"Protestant. The Evangelical Lutheran Church of Norway.\" Berger reported his past with surprising objectivity, almost as if he were speaking about someone else. \"My father opposed the Nazis, like any good priest was doing at the time. And so, like all the other good priests, he was sent to a concentration camp. I didn't even know for the first four months, not till I received a letter from home saying he was in Dachau.\" I paused in the archway, holding the curtain. Dachau was the camp Strasser had threatened Ugarte with. \"For political enemies of the Nazis.\" Berger explained. Regaining myself, I continued through the archway. It was a short alley that someone had converted into a little shop, and we had to be careful to step around a collection of the pots and vases. The alley ended in another curtain, and we came out in a cramped part of the market I'd only been to once or twice. \"I left school as soon as I learned of his death.\" Berger's eyes wandered the cobblestone as we made our way down the narrow street. \"My father was only the first. A couple months after that letter, my brother's wife, a Christian woman with some Jewish heritage somewhere on her mother's side, she was taken away. Then a cripple boy who lived next door to my parents… Well, after my mother and siblings all went into hiding, I…found I had nothing else to do with my time but resist the Nazis. I can't imagine being a decent priest while abiding by Nazi law, nor a decent family man.\" It made sense. A man who'd trained his entire adult life to sacrifice that life to a cause… when the Nazis came along, it just shifted how he fought evil. I wondered if Victor Laszlo's story was something similar. \"I take it Berger's not your real name,\" George said casually, as we rounded a corner. \"Naturally not.\" It was too dark to see, but Berger sounded like he was smiling. \"But it will have to do.\" \"Understood.\" George said. \"So, what brought you all the way to Casablanca?\" \"I can't reveal too much detail. But in short, I was advised by friends in Norway that the Gestapo was beginning to suspect me. I wanted to stay and continue to fight with the resistance there, but my leaders said I'd be no help to them if I was caught. That I would help them more if I got myself out. Casablanca seemed a good compromise—far enough from Hitler for me to lie low, but close enough to the Nazis for me to fight them.\" \"And you weren't military or anything,\" George sounded impressed. \"Just an ordinary citizen.\" \"We all have specialties to contribute, Mr. Holden. I was never a soldier, but I have always been very studious, and it's served me in the resistance. Memorizing city layouts, making connections to the right people…\" \"So,\" I cut in, \"That's how you knew Signor Ugarte.\" Berger's gray eyes turned to me, just for a moment. \"Yes.\" Still in his professional journalist voice, George asked Berger, \"Did Ugarte know what you were involved in?\" \"Oh yes.\" The Norwegian nodded. \"Neither of us said it out loud, but he clearly knew.\" Looking at me again, he said, \"It doesn't surprise me that you two are here. I always believed Ugarte had potential to be a good man. If it were one of you instead, I'm confident he would be here.\" George and I looked at each other dubiously. A very uncomfortable silence took us down the rest of the block. When we crossed the street, I said, \"There's no need to flatter. Ugarte never much cared what people thought of him, unless he had some reason to try impressing them.\" \"Well,\" Berger offered, \"I'm sorry all the same. I wasn't terribly close to Ugarte. But from what your friend George told me, he was capable of kindness.\" I recalled how Ugarte had dedicated one of his Nazi killings to me. And how he'd planned his death in the hopes I'd be safely out of the building. Even if he didn't fully love me, he clearly had cared for me, at least in some way. All the good times from our relationship came back to me. The dates, the strolls through the market, the roulette games, the stupid criminal stories, why couldn't it just have been left at that? Why did there have to be the fighting, the cheating, the constant break-ups? No relationship I'd had before had been that turbulent, but then again, none had been so serious either. We came to a small plaster church with a domed roof. Berger took us around the back, and knocked on a small door. The door creaked opened, and Berger exchanged some hushed words in French with the man on the other side. The doorman then granted us entry, and we went down a short hall to a flight of stairs that took us to the basement. The basement was cold and dark, lit with only a single light bulb hanging bare from the ceiling. Short near the top of the stone walls, windows along the ground line, had been covered up with blankets and fabrics stuffed tightly into them (so no one outside would see the light coming from the room). A small crowd of men and women stood around the room, or sat perched on crates and scattered furniture. I recognized several people from Rick's Café. The doughy waiter Karl was seated on an old piano, near the front of the room, talking to Laszlo. That French police officer and his plaid-dress-wearing wife were standing among the crowd. Brigitte's old school professor, with the white beard and suit, was in the crowd. I was surprised to see Yvonne standing against the stone wall, next to her brother. Our eyes met, but she didn't move or speak. I remembered the hatred with which I'd last glared at her, and realized I was still angry with her. \"Well,\" George said quietly to me, \"Looks like Yvonne might be alright after all.\" \"Maybe,\" I replied. Yvonne could clearly see us talking about her, and there was no more point in pretending we didn't notice each other. I approached my roommate as diplomatically as I could manage. \"So, you seem to have changed your mind,\" I said. \"I was out of my mind,\" Yvonne said plainly. \"You know Sofia, I thought I was helping…helping everyone . He promised me, that soldier, he promised he'd look out for me and all my…\" Her eyes wandered down to the floor, realizing how foolish she must've sounded. Christophe explained for her, \"She thought the only ones going against them were crazy, stubborn oxes like me. But that display back at the café showed everyone in Casablanca that they wouldn't be alone in opposing Hitler.\" Yvonne must've been feeling terrified, I realized, after her father's death, not knowing feuding with her brother, and Rick ditching her for good. It was still a flimsy excuse for going with a Nazi, I thought. But it was, at least, an excuse. I wanted to think good things about Yvonne. I didn't want to be alone either. \"It doesn't matter,\" I said finally. \"It's past. And the look on that pig's face when you left him, and then came back only for your drink, that might've been worth it all!\" Yvonne smiled weakly. \"So,\" I glanced at Victor Laszlo, still talking with Karl. \"Where's Laszlo's wife?\" Christophe and Yvonne both looked at me like I'd just blown some secret. \"I don't think they want anyone to know they're married,\" Yvonne said. \"Everyone's calling her his 'lady friend.'\" I made a face. \"Because Victor Laszlo would absolutely be running around Europe with a 'lady friend.' Really, that's quite a secret!\" Christophe explained, \"It's probably a matter of the law. If it became known for a fact that she was his wife, the Nazis might convince the French police to find reason to arrest her. You follow?\" I nodded slowly. \"…oh.\" I really wasn't very good at this whole resistance thing. This business was meant for girls with brains. Girls like Carmen. Too bad Carmen didn't have the moral drive for it. \"It's still odd she isn't here,\" I mused. \"Not that it's my business to judge people I don't know. But what's she following him around Europe for, if she's not even going to join him in his fight?\" Yvonne shrugged. \"Don't put all your eggs into one basket. Maybe she's hanging back in case something happens to Laszlo, and she has to get a message to the resistance.\" Christophe added, \"Or knows some information that might otherwise get lost with Laszlo.\" Yvonne opened her mouth to say something more, but was cut off. \"Ladies and gentleman,\" All heads turned to the front of the room. Victor Laszlo's voice was as unassuming as his appearance. Not at all the bellowing voice one might expect from a speaker and rabble rouser as renowned as him. But Laszlo had that uncanny ability to silence an entire room and hold everyone's attention without effort. Laszlo's dark eyes jumped around the crowd. \"I address you tonight not as Frenchmen, Czechs, Brits, Germans, Gypsies, Jews…but as human beings. Hitler has taken half the world, and now he wants Casablanca. I realize that for many of you, this city isn't home, but merely a means of escape. But if you want its gates to remain opened for others like yourself, you should want to fight for it.\" From the back, Yvonne asked, \"Fight how?\" Laszlo glanced at Yvonne, in her glamorous striped dress. It was obvious she wasn't a fighter in the traditional sense, like her soldier brother. \"In any way,\" Laszlo replied. \" Every way. One needn't be a soldier to fight evil. Many of you already know this. Many of you are already fighting the Nazis, not with guns and bombs, but with your wits and your compassion. You shelter those who need a place to hide.\" His eyes jumped to an affluent, middle-aged French couple. I supposed that they were either putting up Laszlo and his wife in their house, or else had given him money for a hotel room. \"By spying on the Nazis for us.\" This time, Laszlo was careful not to look at anybody. But I was certain that Berger was on his mind. \"By sabotaging the Nazi's railroads. By spreading the word on their crimes. Even in the concentration camp, even there, we found ways to fight.\" He then veered off then into stories about his time in the camp. Horrifying stories. I don't wish to repeat them here, nor do I think it's necessary; every scenario Laszlo described, from the living conditions, to the execution methods, to the experiments, are all things you can read or hear about from any history source. Hearing Laszlo's story once was enough to last me a lifetime, and I don't want to relive it by writing it down. It was obvious that Laszlo was trying desperately to end on an uplifting note, his story climaxing with his own escape. He and several other prisoners planned their prison break, planned for months, working on a secret tunnel, and getting to know the layout of the camp and the posts of the guards. At this point most members of the escape party, including Laszlo, were sick, almost to the point of death. Matters as simple as climbing through the tunnel became extremely difficult. One member of the party, a fellow comrade Laszlo had fought with before, became stuck in the tunnel, and the guards were closing in. The man ordered Laszlo to leave him behind. Laszlo at first refused, until his friend explained the reason he wanted him to leave. \"He said that he wasn't begging me to save myself.\" Laszlo explained. \"Quite the opposite. He was begging me to continue the fight. So, ever since then, I've told the men and women serving under me that when I'm in danger, and I ask them to run, I'm not asking him to leave me behind. I'm asking him to carry on the fight. To ensure that my work doesn't die with me. Keep that in mind, all of you, when one of us tells you to save yourself. They're not really telling you to save yourself, they're telling you to save the resistance.\" I wondered if this had something to do with why Laszlo's wife wasn't present at the meeting. Or if it was maybe just an excuse he used, to keep the women out of danger. I have always believed it is in men's natures to be protective of women, often overly so. I wouldn't have been half surprised if Laszlo had convinced his \"lady friend\" to stay home for that exact reason. Well, the women's liberation movement was still a good twenty years away, and so at the time, the best thing to do was simply smile and nod, let the men think they had you under control, and do your own thing when their backs were turned. Looking back, that kind of thinking probably contributed to my disastrous relationship with Ugarte, dodging problems instead of fixing them head on. \"So,\" Karl the waiter asked eagerly, \"What are we going to be doing here in Casablanca, that might lead to someone having to 'run and continue the good fight'?\" Laszlo's scarred eyebrow turned up. \"Well, that's the other half of what we came here to discuss.\" And so we began plotting our first sabotage. The plan was to derail a train that the Nazis used to bring military supplies into Casablanca. Everyone I knew seemed to have something to contribute. Yvonne was going to find a date with one of the train engineers, and learn the layout of the area. Her brother, three other men, and two women volunteered to be one the watchmen during the sabotage. Brigitte's old professor would contribute some money to buying tools needed for the sabotage. Catching Berger's eye, I said with some frustration, \"I wish I find something to do. I'm so tired of hiding up all the time like a coward.\" I began to wring my hands angrily. \"I want to get back those pigs, for what they did to Mama and Papa and Vladek. So many of my school friends. Guillermo.\" \"We'll find something for you to do,\" Berger assured me. \"What are you good at?\" Still wringing my hands, I shook my head. \"Nothing. Sketching, speaking Polish and English, and riding a bicycle.\" In France my bicycle had been my main source of transportation, but I'd been forced to sell it to pay my way to Casablanca. An old Hungarian woman suggested, \"Maybe you could sketch some of the Nazis' engines for us.\" \"Better you should get a yourselves camera,\" I replied. \"My sketching would take too long. I'm good, but I'm not fast. Normally when I do a portrait of someone they have to sit for at least—\" My brown eyes widened. \"They have to sit still for at least twenty minutes to over an hour. They must hold absolutely still, and give no large movements, like looking over their shoulder!\" Berger grinned toothily. \"I think we've found a distraction!\" My blood began pumping with excitement. I felt like I was finally going to, in some tiny way, avenge my family and Ugarte. Over all the enthusiastic conversations, I heard Karl ask Laszlo, \"So, what is this sabotage going to happen?\" Laszlo began, \"The train leaves on the fifth of—\" A loud bang cut him off. The entire room froze, and heads turned to the basement door. Someone was trying to get in. A hard knock was followed by Captain Renault's voice. \"This is the police…\" Calmly but forcefully, Laszlo said, \"Barricade that door.\" A couple of men standing near the door quickly pressed their bodies against it, and other men and women hurried to push furniture and crates in front of it. Christophe and the French policeman drew their guns. Laszlo went to one of the windows on the opposite side of the wall, pulling the fabric stuffing away, and searching for a latch. Finding none, he turned quickly to Karl and said calmly, \"Karl, bring me one of those candle sticks.\" Karl grabbed a large empty candlestick that sat on an old shelf of antique trinkets, and brought it to Laszlo. Laszlo wrapped the large candle stick in the fabric, and then swung it into the window with a muffled crack. He broke away as many of the jagged pieces of glass as he could, until the window was almost entirely bare. \"Everyone line up, single file.\" Laszlo herded us out of the building one by one. Karl and another man pushed the piano over for people to step up onto to reach the window. George and Berger insisted I go ahead of them, and there wasn't time to argue. Once the three of us were outside, George, Berger and I took off down the street. For the first several minutes we just ran, not bothering to be discrete or think about which areas were being patrolled by police. For a while, we thought we were in the clear. But then Berger suddenly stopped in the middle of an alley, listening carefully to something. George and I watched tensely. Finally, the Norwegian made a quick gesture with his hand, and led back us around a sharp corner, to a market stall surrounded by large woven baskets. He gestured for us to hide. I was small enough that I thought it could comfortably fit inside one of the baskets. I pulled the lid off of one, and found it filled to the brim with vegetables. The next basket I checked was stuffed with fine fabrics. I dumped the contents out behind some more baskets, where no one could see, then climbed inside and pulled the lid over. George and Berger meanwhile tried to conceal themselves behind the vendor's stand. Unfortunately the police were not as stupid as we'd hoped. They immediately stopped to look around the vendor stand. Renault wasn't among them; it was just two ordinary French policemen. I was relieved, at least, that it was the French, and not the Nazis, though I wasn't sure it made much of a difference anymore. The policemen immediately began searching the woven baskets, pulling the tops off and finding fabrics or vegetables inside. After opening four or five baskets, they simply began tossing or kicking them over. I clenched my teeth, and clung tightly to the lid of my basket. I felt a hard kick in my leg as my basket was knocked on its side. I felt another heavy basket land on top of mine briefly, before rolling off. My lid stayed on, and the police continued knocking baskets over carelessly. I hadn't been caught. \"Hey!\" I didn't recognize the voice, and could only assume it was one of the cops. Peeking through a tiny hole in my basket, I strained to see George and Berger stopping near the wall, raising their hands above their heads slowly. Apparently they'd tried to make a run for it while the guards were distracted with the baskets. In all honesty, I don't think they intended to abandon me; I think they were confident my hiding place would hold, and were simply trying to move theirs to another part of the vicinity. Well it didn't work. \"Look,\" George tried, as the police came around them, \"We were just trying to find our way back to our apartment. We were at Rick's, and when the place got closed up we didn't have a ride home. The friend who was supposed to pick us up wasn't supposed to show up till midnight. Ain't that right Sully.\" He jerked his head at Berger unconvincingly. \"'Ain't that right,'\" one policeman repeated. \"If I've seen enough American pictures, that translates to, ' lie! ' Come on.\" Berger grimaced at George, who looked disappointed in himself. Berger's eyes hopped around the empty marketplace, as if just looking around in disappointment, but I could tell he was hoping to catch my glance. When Berger's eyes met mine, they carried the message I expected they would, but not with the reasoning I thought he would. I'd been anticipating the pleading, sentimental expression of a man begging a delicate woman to run to safety. Instead, I was met with the hard stare of a commander ordering a soldier to get a mission underway. I recalled Laszlo's speech about what it meant when one resistance fighter told another to \"save themselves,\" and I finally understood it. It wasn't just a matter of sentiment, it was a matter of common sense. I wasn't a trained soldier or a spy, and by refusing to \"save myself,\" I would only create a greater burden for the real fighters like Berger. This had nothing to do with my sex, it was about my years and experience—my lack thereof. I dipped my head at Berger, just enough for him to understand that I'd gotten the message. After the police had led them out of sight, I counted to a hundred three times, then crawled out of my overturned basket. One of my heels scrapped against the cobblestone street, and it seemed like the loudest sound in the world. Carefully, I pulled off my shoes and stuck them into the basket, then crept out of the market stall in my stockings. I kept to empty streets, ducking into alleys and doorways any time I thought I heard footsteps or saw a moving shadow. I eventually realized I had no idea where I thought I was going, and stopped to survey my surroundings. Mine and Yvonne's apartment was a ways away. Carmen and Pepe's apartment was almost on the other side of town. Brigitte and Rita weren't exactly close either, and I didn't think I wanted to endanger them by asking for shelter. God, where to go? It was a cruel irony that I was a few minute's walk from Ugarte's apartment. Then again, maybe not so cruel. Maybe it was perfect. I didn't have a key to Ugarte's apartment on me, but some of his neighbors knew me well enough that they'd probably open the lobby door for me if it was locked. It shouldn't be too much of a stretch, wanting to visit the home of a recently deceased friend. When I reached the apartment complex, I found that the door was indeed locked. I looked over my shoulder and, seeing no one around, rapped on the door. A tired old man in a robe answered, one of Ugarte's neighbors. He didn't even bother to ask who I was, just assuming I lived there. I thanked him without making eye contact, and hurried up the steps. He grumbled his way back into his apartment, and slammed his door shut. I flew up the staircase and down the hall, then stopped dead. Ugarte's door was partially opened, and the lock was broken clean off. Slowly, I pushed the door opened and stepped into the apartment. I didn't turn the light on, for fear of attracting attention, but my eyes were adjusted enough to the dark for me to make out that the place was trashed. The Nazis had torn the apartment to shreds, looking for those exit visas. It was disturbing, like some nightmare version of the apartment I was so used to. I wasn't sure if the sight would be made better or worse by turning on the lights, but wasn't going to find out tonight. Before anything else, I wanted to barricade the lockless door. I found an overturned dresser, with the drawers all pulled out, turned it back up, and pushed it in front of the damaged door. I stuck a chair upside-down on it for good measure, and pushed the table over, on its side. God, what now, what now? Ugarte didn't own a telephone, so I couldn't call anyone. I absolutely wasn't ready to go to sleep. And anyway, it would probably be dawn in just a few hours. That reminded me about the windows, and I quickly shut the blinds and pulled in the curtains. Not certain what else to do, I decided to clear the floor a bit. I pushed the overturned pieces of furniture and broken glass towards the walls, cutting myself more than once. When I thought the floor was clear enough, I began searching for something to eat. The Nazis pigs had thrown most of the food onto the floor, when they'd searched the packages and jars for the visas. I finally found a loaf of bread the Nazis had broken in half (maybe thinking the visas were baked inside?) and ate that with some jam, just dipping the bread right into the jar. I found a cup that wasn't broken and washed my snack down with water from the faucet. By now the room was beginning to lighten as the sun rose, and sleep still seemed a long ways away. I killed some more time searching for Ugarte's coffee pot amongst the pile of trashed items, and finally found it on the floor, with a large dent. Not surprisingly, the Nazis had dumped out most of Ugarte's coffee grounds. Ordinary I never eat food from the floor; but coffee was the only small, good thing I could look forward to in the tiny hellhole I was hiding in, and I'd be damned if I'd let hygiene keep me from getting it. So I scooped up some coffee from the floor, trying my best to only get the grounds on the top of the pile that weren't' actually touching the ground, and put it into the coffee pot. As I would learn later, there was a lot going on in Casablanca that day. Victor Laszlo was sitting in the local prison, after the police had caught up to him; Rick Blaine was making arrangements to sell his café to Signor Ferrari; and the Nazis were cracking down on the city, still searching for those visas. I didn't see any of this, because I spent the entire day hiding in Ugarte's apartment. Even knowing that my friends were likely worried sick about me. I felt guilty, so horribly guilty. No one would know where I'd gone after Laszlo's meeting. Granted, it was possible no one would know I was \"missing\" either, since there were so many different friends I might've gone home with. I had to hope my friends would trust me to look after myself, because I wasn't going to dare leaving this apartment, not for another day at least. Nor did I dare do anything that might create loud noise—turn on the radio, flush the toilet, use the faucet at its full power, nothing. I kept the curtains drawn, and the furniture piled in front of the door. I fixed the trashed apartment up as best I could, and ate more scraps of food I found around the place. I found some loose pieces of paper and some writing utensils, and tried to kill time drawing. When I grew tired of that, I took a bit of Ugarte's advice, and began going through his valuables. What I found, I piled into a drawer under his coffee pot. Maybe an hour or two before sunset, I decided I was finally ready for some sleep. Having no pajamas with me, I stripped to my underpants, losing even the underskirt and the bra. (If you young people think your underwear nowadays is uncomfortable, it's nothing compared to what we had back in \"the Greatest Generation.\" There's a good reason why the feminists of the 1960s were throwing their bras in the garbage.) I wished Ugarte had owned a sofa big enough for me to sleep on, so I wouldn't have to return to the bed that held so many memories. Luckily my fatigue saved me from having to think too hard about anything, and I was out cold almost in an instant. I don't remember most of the dream, only that it was long and vivid. I think the early parts involved being in a speeding car, strolling on the beach with Ugarte and his family, and hiding in a basement with Rachel, Anchel and Sarah. Some childhood classmates and cartoon characters showed up at various points. The part that sticks with me occurred near the end of the dream. I don't recall exactly what was happening—just that I was in the middle of my dream, and was suddenly \"woken up\" by what sounded like a distant gunshot. I sat up in Ugarte's bed, and looked around. I was in a building that was a mishmash of Ugarte's apartment, Rick's Café, and the Blue Parrot. Of course I was still dreaming; but as far as I knew, I was now \"awake,\" and everything previously had been the dream. Ugarte was sitting at the roulette wheel, which stood just a few feet from the bed. Some of the roulette regulars were there, along with a few other familiar faces from my life. I had woken from a nap, I gather, to find my friends had begun playing roulette without me, and that annoyed me. I gave little thought, at first, to the fact that my father and my brother-in-law Vladek were both at the roulette wheel. Signor Ferrari's green parrot chirped from its cage, which hung from the ceiling in a dining section of Rick's that sat a ways behind the roulette table. And the same bird also hopped around an elegant sofa near the window. (In my dreams, it's common for people I know to appear in \"double.\") I looked around the café/apartment for the source of the gunshot that had woken me, and saw that cowboy from all the American pictures. (I forget his name. Not the cowboy who got elected president, but the other one, who played Genghis Kahn in yellow-face when his career was tanking.) He stood in the middle of the room, holding a smoking pistol. I searched for the receiver of his bullet, and finally my eyes landed on a cartoon duck or goose—no particular character, just a generic stock animal from a generic cartoon skit—stumbling back dramatically, clutching his white chest with his wings. \"I killed an enormous goose once,\" Ugarte began, lighting himself a new cigarette. \"Ugarte, you are an enormous goose,\" I climbed out of the bed and approached the table. \"What are you doing back here? Aren't you supposed to be dead? Or does your arrest happen later?\" That must sound like a strange way to think. But it's often the way my mind works when I'm dreaming; as if my life is just a motion picture, and all of us characters in it are aware of the proverbial \"forth wall.\" Ugarte blinked at me, and smiled. \"Do I look dead to you, Tova?\" I searched his face, seeing the flaw in my logic. Something still felt wrong, but I couldn't tell what. All I could tell was that Ugarte was there, blinking up at me, plain as day. Finally surrendering, I took a seat at the roulette table next to Ugarte. \"You're right. I don't know what I was thinking.\" \"What are you playing for Tova?\" Vladek asked, spinning the roulette wheel as if he were running the game. Folding my hands on the table, I said promptly, \"Three visas. One for your wife, and two for your boy and girl.\" It was important that I win these visas, very important. After all, I had to save Rachel, Anchel and Sarah, from meeting a fate similar to…. I looked again at Vladek, and my heart sank, as I realized this must be a dream. Often, when I discover I'm dreaming, I test the characters of the dream, questioning and provoking them, just to see how they'll react. They usually don't. Hitting Ugarte's arm, I scoffed, \"Ugarte, you are so dead! You lied to me again, you ass!\" Blinking innocently, he said over his cigarette, \"Oh, am I? I apologize.\" Some more things happened, I don't remember what. But it must've been enough to keep me occupied for quite some time, as you'll realize in a little bit. From the time I heard that gunshot in my sleep, I must've continued dreaming for at least half an hour or so, until I was woken by another bang. This one was loud and close, and shook the bed around me. I burst awake, for real this time, and looked around the dark, trashed apartment. It took a few moments to remember where I was, and why there was so much furniture piled in front of the door. Another bang followed, as someone slammed into the door, and the furniture barricading it shook. And I just sat there in Ugarte's bed, frozen stiff. A/N: I try not to let these minor characters from the movie know any more than they should. But really, I just can't believe that no one would suspect that Ilsa was Laszlo's wife. If I were a character in that movie, and heard that someone like Victor Laszlo was running all over Europe with a \"mysterious, beautiful woman\"—especially in the 1940s—I'd just assume she was his wife. I find it a tad bizarre that Rick was so surprised when Ilsa told him the truth.[Chapter 14] A/N: Fun fact: I had much of this chapter pre-written about a year ago, then lost it to a computer crash (or something; I can't even remember). I had to re-write it based on memory. Always back up your files, people! I don't own \"Casablanca.\" \"Something's blocking it…\" The voice was American, and it wasn't George. But it was familiar. What other American…? Surely Rick Blaine wasn't on the other side of that door? The next voice was Captain Renault's. \"Allow me, Rickie.\" A hard knock at the door. \"Is anybody at home? This is the police.\" He was speaking more quietly then when he'd announced his presence at Laszlo's meeting. I got the impression that this wasn't really police business. Then Rick's voice, half mumbling, \"Maybe if we can just wedge it open a little bit,\" I flew out of the bed—in my underpants—and made a beeline for the coat closet on the other side of the apartment. I stopped in the middle of the room to search for a weapon. Did Ugarte have any extra guns, other than the one he'd had in his pocket the night of his arrest? No time to look for one. I grabbed a large knife from the trashed kitchen area, then stepped into the empty closet. (The Nazis had yanked all of Ugarte's clothes out during their raid.) I pulled the folding doors shut and pressed myself into the back corner, watching through the vent-like slits. I had no idea what Rick Blaine was doing at Ugarte's apartment, in the middle of the night, with Captain Renault; only that I didn't trust either of them. I heard some more talking from outside, and then Rick saying, \"On three!\" They shoved at the door on \"Three!\" exactly three times, before they finally had it opened a little bit. There was some struggling, as Rick tried to fit through, before he gave up and panted, \"Louie, you're smaller.\" Renault squeezed through the door, and inched around the pile of furniture. He moved the table, then pulled the dresser back a ways without taking the upside-down chair off, until Rick could get inside. Rick looked around the trashed apartment curiously. Finally the American said, \"I take it your men were here, Louie.\" \"Well, you know how Major Strasser was. There's the French way, and then there's his way.\" Rick wrinkled his nose. \"Think we can chance turning a light on?\" \"I wouldn't recommend it. Strasser may be out of the way, but he didn't come to Casablanca alone. Plenty of his underlings will—\" Renault paused, suddenly noticing that Rick was staring at the closet. My silhouette must've shown through the vents in the closet doors. Rick's arm slowly came up, and I saw he was holding a gun. My grip tightened instinctively over the handle of my useless knife, and I pressed my arms tightly over my bare chest. \"Who's in there?\" Rick demanded. Renault was slowly drawing a pistol from his police belt, staring at the closet curiously. Rick took a step forward and threw one door opened, a bit too hard. As soon as the door was bouncing out of the way, he instantly withdrew his gun. Blinking in amazement, he stammered, \"I'm sorry ma'am… we…didn't realize anybody was home.\" My eyes went to Captain Renault, who was staring at me with that dumbfounded expression he so loved, with that one eyebrow arched to the sky. Seeing how stunned they both looked made me consider, for the first time, that maybe they weren't out to hurt me. \"It's not my home,\" I said timidly. \"No,\" Rick still sounded bemused. \"I didn't think so. Louie told me this was Mr. Ugarte's place.\" Without thinking, I said flatly, \"Ugarte's dead you ass.\" An awkward pause. \"I know that.\" Rick licked his lips. \"Were you a friend of his?\" Renault answered for me. \"I think she was a bit more than that. If I'm not mistaken this is Ugarte's mistress we're speaking with.\" Rick's brow turned up in mild surprise. \"Ugarte had a…? Say, wait a minute, yeah, I remember now.\" The American's dark eyes moved up and down my face. \"Yeah, Ugarte had a girl he'd come around now and then. We have met. I'm sorry Miss…\" He waited for me to tell him my name. Instead, I said coldly, \"If you won't mind turning around, I'll put some clothes on. Unless maybe you were hoping for a performance like at the Blue Parrot.\" \"No, no. It's alright.\" Rick turned away, blocking his face with the hand holding the gun. Renault cordially turned around, sheathing his own gun. \"Go ahead and change,\" Rick continued. \"I've had about all I can take of women for one lifetime.\" Too tired and irritable to care what this meant, I stepped out of the closet, still covering myself and clutching the kitchen knife. I knew where my clothes from the previous day were, but they were filthy, and I didn't want to put them back on. I began going through Ugarte's clothes on the floor, sifting through them while still holding the knife in one hand. \"Don't worry Madame, I promise not to look,\" Renault had his hands clasped behind his back, just barely glancing over his shoulder to speak to me. \"As long as you promise not to put that knife into my back.\" I'd intended to do nothing of the sort, but now that he mentioned it… \"Why shouldn't I.\" I asked icily, as I went through the clothing on the floor. Renault took a deep breath. \"I wonder if it would please you to know that Ugarte's murderer is now dead. And that I played no small part in helping Ugarte's avenger escape.\" I was too tired to follow so many large words at once. Throwing on one of Ugarte's buttoned white shirts, I asked crossly, \"What are you talking about?\" Rick explained, \"Major Strasser's dead. I shot him, a little over half an hour ago.\" I stopped in the middle of buttoning up the shirt. \"Strasser's dead?\" Rick nodded, without turning around. \"That's right. Got him right through the pump.\" He waved his pistol. I finished buttoning the shirt, and straightened it. It was big enough on me that it ran past my underpants, like a very short skirt. I noticed Ugarte's red bathrobe on the floor, and put it on. Tying the robe shut, I asked, \"You killed Major Strasser? Just tonight?\" \"At the airport, less than an hour ago. If you don't believe me, just turn on the radio tomorrow. The news man'll back me up.\" \"The airport's not that far from here.\" I said, more to myself. \"I would have heard—\" I suddenly remembered the gunshot I'd heard in my dream. I also remembered that I was now fully covered. \"You can turn around now.\" When they did I didn't see any deception on either face. \"Strasser's really dead?\" I asked once more. Renault began pleasantly, \"Stone, cold—\" \"First things first,\" Rick moved back to the door. \"Let's get this door barricaded again.\" He and Renault pushed the dresser back, and I slid the table back into place. \"You two killed Strasser? And now you're on the run from the police?\" \"You're finally starting to catch on.\" Rick said wearily. \" Yes , we killed Strasser.\" \" You killed Strasser,\" Renault corrected. \"The only crime I'm guilty of is desertion.\" \"And accessory to murder, and conspiracy.\" \"I haven't done any conspiring yet .\" If my dreams weren't so distinctively different from reality, I'd have suspected that I was still in one. Rick and Renault, resisting the Nazis? Of all the people in Casablanca, these were two of the last I expected to have any scruples. \"So you've both had a change of heart,\" I observed. \"Did Laszlo do that?\" Renault threw Rick an amused glance. Rick looked anything but amused. \"Sure,\" Rick grumbled, sticking his pistol into his coat pocket, \"Let's go with that.\" I couldn't fathom what their story was, so for the moment, I chose not to bother. \"Did Laszlo get a visa?\" \"He and his wife both,\" Renault began lighting himself a cigarette \"And are now on their way to America. Thanks to Mr. Blaine.\" Eying his friend, Rick asked me, \"You mind if we smoke?\" I sighed. \"Would I have hung around Ugarte if I minded men smoking? He made me all but immune to smoke.\" Rick muttered, \"I'll bet.\" Since sleep seemed no longer an option, I headed for the coffee pot. Turning back to the two men, I asked, \"Coffee?\" They both said they could use some. Lucky for them, I'd moved most of the coffee grounds off the floor when cleaning the apartment earlier, and now had them in a cup next to the coffee pot. While the coffee brewed, I stood some chairs up for us to sit on. We risked turning on the light from the closet, to give ourselves enough to see decently, without creating enough light that anyone from the street would notice. While we sipped our coffee, Renault and Rick gave me a summary of the events leading to Strasser's long overdue demise. It seems Laszlo was arrested for that resistance meeting, and spent most of the next day in the local jail. Rick coaxed Renault to release him, with the idea that he would help Renault catch Laszlo doing something a much worse crime. What Rick's stake in this would have been, they didn't say. But it turned out that Renault was the fool, and Rick turned his gun on the French captain, ordering him to prepare the two visas for Laszlo and his lady friend—the two visas the Nazis were after. Rick was the friend Ugarte had left them with. While Laszlo's plane was taking off, Strasser tried to get in the way, and Rick shot him to save Laszlo and the woman. When the French police arrived to investigate Strasser's murder, Renault—standing right next to Rick and his still smoking pistol—ordered them to \"round up the usual suspects,\" saving his friend. The two of them were now headed out of town, planning to \"return to the fight.\" By the end of the story, I was assuming that all of the missing pieces they'd left out involved Laszlo's woman. I had no idea how she and Rick could have gotten involved in only two days, but because he was Rick Blaine, and from that comment he'd made earlier about having enough of women, it seemed fairly obvious to me. It was amazing, really, how many \"secrets\" in Casablanca were anything but. \"So,\" I handed Rick his coffee. \"You're hiding from the police too, then?\" \"Actually, we just needed a place to lie low long enough to figure out how the hell we're gonna get out of this city. I don't own a car, and we'd look kinda' conspicuous driving Louie's police wagon through the desert.\" \"We'll probably be taking the train,\" Renault decided. \"But we may want a change of wardrobe.\" I looked at the two men dubiously. \"I don't know that any of Ugarte's clothes would fit either of you. Though…\" I went to the pile of clothes by the closet, and found one of Ugarte's old fedoras. \"Here,\" I offered it to Rick. \"Thanks,\" Rick took the hat, then handed his own to Renault. \"Give it a try, Louie.\" Rick finished off his coffee in one long chug. Setting the cup on the coffee counter, he turned back to me, almost sadly. \"Listen Miss…\" \"Sofie,\" I said. \"Listen Sofie, I'm sorry about Ugarte. I hate myself now for not doing anything, but the truth is, I don't think anyone could've done anything if they tried.\" My eyes jumped inadvertently to Renault, who shifted in his chair uncomfortably. I looked down at my coffee. \"He looked up to you Rick. Did you know that? Like you were one of his big brothers. He wanted to impress you. That's why he gave you those visas. I should have seen it before… I suppose it didn't occur to me that you cared enough about him to do him the favor.\" \"I didn't like a lot of what Ugarte did,\" Rick said carefully, \"But I liked chatting with him. I wouldn't admit it but I did. He was scum, but he was…likable scum.\" \"He was scum,\" I agreed, my anger rising. \"But for a scumbag he was right loyal.\" I got the sense both men found this statement ironic, and immediately realized it was. Ugarte was anything but loyal in the romance department. \"I mean, he kept your secret Rick. About the papers. Did you know that? About the papers? If Ugarte was a complete scumbag he'd have told Strasser right away that you had them, to save himself.\" Renault countered, \"I don't think that would have—\" \"No but he would've tried it!\" I fired. \"Come on Rick, didn't you wonder why it took the Nazis a full day to think to start searching your café? Tell him Renault. Tell him how hard Strasser tried to find the location of those visas.\" \"Okay I get the picture,\" Rick rubbed his neck. \"You've heard one interrogation story you've heard 'em all. Look, I had a few things on my mind the last couple days, okay? Laszlo in town, my café being closed, the Nazis crowding in on me…\" he trailed off. \"I, I had other fish to fry. I don't know what I can do to make it up to you.\" I wiped my eyes. \"Nothing. You already have. Killing Strasser, that's, that's good enough for me.\" I sniffled, and swallowed. \"What, what was the look on his face, when you got him?\" It took Rick a moment to realize I was talking about Strasser. \"He looked…surprised.\" \"Not nearly as surprised as I was,\" Renault sipped his coffee like he was at a tea party. \"Well we did have a bet,\" Rick said, half jokingly. \"And you lost. When're you gonna pay up?\" \"I told you Rickie, I'm paying our way out of Casablanca. Though I'm afraid there won't be much left over for other expenses, like a place to seep.\" Rick and Louie began talking about the money they had, or rather didn't have. Apparently the trip would eat up their expenses, saving no money for food, toiletries, or a hotel. I tried at several points to jump into the conversation, then gave up, got up, and opened the drawer under the coffee pot. I pulled the entire drawer out and sat back down, holding it on my lap like a box. Rick and Louie paused their discussion to peer inside. \"What's that you got there?\" Rick asked. \"Some extra income for your journey, maybe.\" The drawer was filled with valuables and trinkets I'd found around the apartment the previous day. Cufflinks, seashells, family photos, old watches, cigarettes and a few cigars (many of them loose), a cigarette lighter, some silverware, and various other odds and ends. I explained, \"I planned to sell some of this myself. But Victor Laszlo inspired me to start looking out for my fellow human being. So I'm willing to share it with you.\" Looking back at the drawer, I said, \"Just not the photos or the shells. I think those are personal.\" Captain Renault gave me an odd look. \"You rifled through Ugarte's valuables?\" Rick muttered, \"She's Ugarte's girl, alright.\" \"He told me I should have the good sense to go through his pockets, should I outlive him. So,\" I shrugged. We divvied the valuables up three ways. The more expensive things, I left to Rick and Louie, figuring their expenses would be greater than mine. \"Here,\" I handed Louie some poker chips from the drawer. \"Maybe you can find use for those. Ugarte tried to teach me, but I couldn't get interested.\" \"What other tricks 'Ugarte teach you?\" Rick asked. I gave it some thought. \"Roulette. Catholic theology. How to mix certain drinks. How to dodge police.\" \"And grave robbing,\" Louie added, taking the chips happily. After the drawer of trinkets we went through some of Ugarte's clothes, looking for something to make into disguises for Renault and Rick. Renault was small enough to fit snugly into Ugarte's coat, though it looked a size too small. Without the police attire, Renault certainly looked different. \"You should probably 'outta lose the mustache Louie,\" Rick suggested. \"Rickie,\" Renault said sternly, \"Tonight I gave up my rank, my life of luxury, and a stunning blonde I was to meet with tomorrow. Don't ask me to part with my mustache.\" \" People will recognize you with that mustache . It's your trademark, Louie, along with that eyebrow. That's another thing, try not to work that eyebrow till we're in Oran. It'll be a dead giveaway.\" Renault gave a short laugh. \"Rick, this new sense of caution you've acquired is much appreciated, but—\" \"He's right,\" I cut in. \"You can't be too careful these days.\" After some arguing, Rick finally convinced Renault to part with his beloved facial hair. They then went to the washroom to fix themselves up. When Renault emerged, the difference was astounding. He looked years younger, and infinitely less imposing. I felt I was looking at some soft-spoken intellectual, like a doctor. \"You'll be invisible,\" I said in amazement. Rick would have a much harder time disguising himself. Even with the different hat, and his coat collar turned up, he was still very recognizable. Rick was one of those people who you could imagine wearing anything. He could put on one of Yvonne's evening gowns and probably still be instantly recognizable as Rick Blaine. \"Say,\" Rick said to me. \"Ugarte taught you a few tricks, you said? How about picking a fake name?\" I thought it over. \"Well, you want to pick an identity that you'll know a little bit about, for a convincing performance.\" I looked at Renault. \"You should probably go as a gambler, maybe one who's gotten into trouble with the police a few times. You'd know how to play a part like that I assume.\" Renault glanced at Rick. \"I'm not quite sure if that was a compliment or not.\" \"How about me?\" Rick asked, to both me and Renault. \"Far as I know, the only other American in town's your friend George. But I don't think I wanna present myself as an investigative reporter like him.\" Renault suggested, \"I might be able to train you in putting on a French accent.\" It was hard to tell if Renault was ever joking or serious, with the elaborate way he always spoke. Rick retorted, \"You can't even get it down yourself.\" \"Rickie, we've been through this countless times. I learned my English when I studied at Oxford, and the accent simply stuck. And even if it wasn't habitual I love the way the English speak. Everything flows so much more smoothly than in your blundering American accents.\" Well, that explained a bit. I'd been wondering why the French policeman sounded so oddly British. I knew by now that Signor Ferrari's accent had similar reasoning behind it, though in the Fat Man's case there was also some mixed heritage, as with Ugarte. Shaking my head at Rick, I said bluntly, \"It might be best if you simply didn't talk at all. Let Renault do the talking for you.\" Rick nodded, then snapped his fingers. \"I can't talk! I'm a mute! Yeah, that's it. I lost my vocal chords in the first world war!\" Renault seemed impressed as I was. \"Did you just come up with that story now?\" \"I didn't come up with it. It's something one of Sam's ancestors did, when they were fleeing to the North. One of them was light enough to pass for a white person, but of course he couldn't talk like a white person. So they put a bandage around his face, and the darker one told everybody that his master hurt his jaw and couldn't talk. They made it all the way to Boston like that.\" Rick's face fell, and he turned to me. \"Sofie, you'll tell Sam for me, tell him 'thanks'? For everything.\" \"I'll tell him…But surely you've already told him goodbye, when you were making your leaving arrangements yesterday?\" \"Well I didn't actually expect to be leaving Casablanca yesterday, though I figured it was a possibility. I gave Sam a nice long sentimental goodbye, just in case, but…if you could tell him for me again, I'd appreciate it.\" \"I'll tell him,\" I promised. Renault changed the subject. \"What should our names be?\" He began thinking aloud. \"I had an uncle named Pierre who I was quite fond of, I think I'll take his name, in case anyone should ask. And for my last name…hmm…I knew a girl once whose last name was Freycinet. First girl I ever—\" \"Paid with a visa instead of your salary?\" Rick said dryly. Louie stared at Rick, unimpressed. \"What about you Rickie, should I pick something for you, or did you have your heart set on a particular name?\" \"Whatever you think'll fool people.\" \"Alright. In that case, how about Jean Matrek. He was an air force pilot I knew in the first war, I'm sure he won't mind you borrowing his name.\" They waited till mid morning to leave, when the streets would be more crowded. I offered to make breakfast from whatever food scraps I could find around, but they declined. I insisted they at least take some crackers and fruit with them, reminding them of their waning expenses, and they gave in. \"Thanks for all the help Miss Beckman,\" Rick said, as he and Renault headed out the door. \"And…good luck.\" Lingering in the busted doorway, I replied, \"Thank you Mr. Blaine. For doing what everyone in this city should have been doing from the start. And good luck to you too. Both of you.\" I waited till they were safely down the hall before closing the door. I then peeked through the window blinds to watch them casually walk down the street, both with their collars turned up, Rick wearing Ugarte's old gray hat, and Louie in Rick's fedora, until they'd vanished into the crowd. I changed back into my dirty clothes from the day before, and put on a pair of Ugarte's shoes, that looked as ridiculous on me as they felt. (You might recall that I'd left my own shoes in the market place the night before.) I then took the valuables in the drawer, and put them into a pillow case. I filled the case with some more things that I thought I could sell or use—the robe, clothing, blankets, dishes—tucked two pillows under one arm, and left the apartment building, looking like Father Christmas. I entered my apartment to find Yvonne sitting at the table, staring into space, slowly smoking a cigarette. She hadn't changed or washed since the night before. Her striped sequined jacket lay draped across the back of her chair. Her red-gold curls hung raggedly around her face, which looked like it hadn't slept in two days. Her make-up was mostly smeared off, and her white flowing dress had several spots of dirt. One sleeve had a tear in it. \"Yvonne,\" I set my bag onto the floor. \"I'm so sorry for keeping you so worried.\" Yvonne looked at me blankly. I explained, \"After Laszlo's meeting, I meant to come back home here, but my friends were caught by the police. I was too far away to risk crossing the whole city to get back home, so I went…I went somewhere else.\" Yvonne blinked slowly. \"I just assumed you'd gone home with your friends.\" She took a drag from her cigarette. \"If they're in jail right now, at least they'll have company.\" I felt I knew already what she was going to say. \"Oh god, Yvonne. They didn't—?\" \"They did.\" She took another drag from her cigarette. \"Christophe's sitting in the jail right now. And the Nazi overseeing the prison,\" she looked at me. \"He's the warthog I was with last night.\" A/N: Kudos to anyone who caught the references to other Humphrey Bogart and Claude Rains movies. ","Summary":" A/N: I do not own \"Casablanca.\" I hope to make this story as short as possible, so I'll actually "}]