[{"Movie":"Immortals","Title":"Daughter of Ares, God of War","Author":"TheDaughterOfAresGodOfWar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8512788","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay so I kind of love this movie and the Greek culture. Disclamer- I don't own Immortals, but I do own Andromeda. The girl... No! The young women sitting by the edge looking over, was trapped in thought. What she was thinking? only she knew for sure. Her strait, ebony brown hair flowing in a sudden breeze. Her bright blue eyes, watching the men and women below, work, from above her stoop. Her jaw, set and strait and her high cheek bones stood out. She had an inescent look about her, but anyone who knew her, knew better than turn your back to her. She watched the children from the village play in the dirt and tall grass surrounding them. She watched the men work and the women work harder. Her thoughts were lost. She, not paying attention to her surroundings, did not notice the man walk up behinde her. He was tall and handsome. He had dark brown hair just as hers but his eyes were a shade of brown, not known to any man. He had broud shoulders and a magnifesnt body, which a upon he wore the finest of golden silk and cloth. He watched her for a little while. Studying her. The way she looked upon those who stood below her in awe. The way she looked like she wanted to jump from were she sat and to the ground below. But she knew better. When he set his hand upon her shoulder, his touch was gental and full of love. But also powerful and commanding. His warmth drew the woman back and she looked up to meet the mans gaze. She placed her small hand upon his and traced his long thin fingers with hers. She loved the way he put pressure upon her shoulder, holding her inplace, but never truley taking command of her. \"Reminde me again, why I can't go down there, Zeus.\" She said removing her gaze from the man, and looked out to the sky that was around them. \"Besides the fact that your mother would kill me if she found out I let her daughter walk on the same ground that mankind walks upon, it's aginst our law.\" He removed his hand and placed it to his side. He took a spot by her and sat down with his feet dangeling over the edge. He folded his hands into each other and put them in his lap. He wanted to tell her it was'nt all bad. He wanted to make her know that it wasn't his chose. Her mother demanded that her youngest daughter stay at Mount Olympus. Who was Zeus, to denie Aphrodite that simple wish. Her father wanted more for his daughter when he was still there. Ares loved watching his Andromeda look out to the world. He loved awnsering all of the questions she had. Ares had planned to take out after the war, but it never happend. The hardest thing Zeus ever had to do was tell his son's daughter that her father would never retearn to her. For weeks Andromeda cried at the loss. She would go to were they placed the stone his body was burned into and sit next to it. She would take his hammer in her small fingers and imagin her father holding it again, explaining to her every thing he could do with it. Zeus and Athena would watch her from afar. They worried that she would never get over the loss of her father. Zeus worried that Andromeda would never forgive him. But she did. She never blamed Zeus once, for what he had done to his first born son. When he told her about Ares, she jumped into his arms and cried into the crook of his neck. Athena sat next to him and rubbed her back. Poseidon would watch as his brother tried to confort his grandchild. \"Why won't my mother let me leave\"? The question she asked him dailey, and he never awnsered. He knew he would have to come up with something to tell her, so why not tell her the truth. \"She does not want her youngest daughter walk upon the same ground as mankind.\" It was simple and true. He didn't understand it, but it didn't really mader he could or not. It was Aphrodite's wish, even before Andromeda was born. Zeus remembered how Aphrodite and Ares would argue about what was best for their daughter. \"My other brothers and sisters can come and go as they please, why not me? what makes me different? Thats all I want. To walk out amoungst them. Father was going to take me know mader what mother said, and now that hes gone she has complete countrol over me. It's not fair.\" she said pulling at her shiny brown hair. \"Life isn't fair my sweet. Your mother only wishes to keep her daughter safe. Your father wished the same. Though they had different ideas on how to do so. Life isn't about whats fair and whats just. It's about living your life to the fullest and being happy. You make mastakes but you learn.\" he said placing a strong hand on her bear knee. \"Well how am I supposed to learn from my mistakes if my mother won't let me make any.\" was Andromeda's reply befor getting up and walking away from her grandfather. Zeus sat for a little while longer. He made up his mind and now to follow through. ","Summary":" Okay so I kind of love this movie and the Greek culture. Disclamer- I don't own Immortals, but I do"},{"Movie":"Immortals","Title":"The labyrinth","Author":"livaelinfireheart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11776979","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I took the yarn that Ariadne gave me. Right now, it's the only thing that comforted me. Taking it, I feel that a part of her was with me. My heart was pounding hard, as if it was about to leap out of my throat and escape. But there was no escape. Not in here. I know that I have to do this. I have to do what was right. I tied the yarn around a post near the entrance, and pressed on. Soon, the darkness surrounded me. It was all around me and inside me. Completely consumed me, as if it was never going to let me go. I concentrated on the way leading in to darkness. I turned left and the strong smell of rotten meat rushed to me. Littered on the ground were bones from the Minotaur's last meal. I carefully stepped around it, taking care not to crush any of the already shattered carcass. I watched as the maggots wriggled around the rotting flesh as they have been disturbed. The tunnels ahead of me was long and damp. It stank of wet fur and blood. It was lightly lit with candles on both side of the passage. The walls and the floor was covered by damp moss. It was not a fun place to hang out. I wondered where the Minotaur was. Has he heard me coming? Was he waiting for me? Was I strong enough to beat him or was I dessert? Was he just lurking around the next corner waiting to strike out? In this terrifying place, my own imagination was what's destroying me. I rounded the next corner and suddenly there he was. The Minotaur, he was huge, his horn was at least two feet long and his whole body was covered with fur. Not the soft fluffy fur, but each of them was razor sharp and as hard as needles. He reeked of the sewage. I raised my sword immediately, ready to defend myself. That when I realized that he was fast asleep. His stomach rose and fell as he took each of his breath. One of them will be his last, I thought. He will not live another day to do harm. I steadied myself with a deep breath. This is it. The moment of truth. If I could do this then everyone will be free from the torment of the Minotaur. I have to succeed. I tightened my grip on my sword, then took one shaky step towards the Minotaur. Then it happened. I slipped on the slippery moss and fell back hard on the ground. And my sword fell to the ground with a loud clank. The Minotaur bolted awake. He recovered fast and saw that his intruder was just a human, he jumped on me. At the last impossible second. I brought my sword upright and impaled him on it. He struggled for a bit then went limp. I rolled his heavy body off me. My sword was red with blood. It was red with triumph. I did it. I won. ","Summary":" I took the yarn that Ariadne gave me. Right now, it's the only thing that comforted me. Taking it, "},{"Movie":"Immortals","Title":"Immortals: Legends of Hellas","Author":"MP Cole","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13248108","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Immortals: Legends of Hellas (A/N: Immortals was an interesting film. I still think it could have followed the true myth of Theseus more. I love Greek Mythology and I've researched the myth extensively. Hope you enjoy this. I do not own Immortals .) A/N: The actual antagonist of the Theseus myth was King Minos of Crete, not Hyperion, who was one of the Titans. I will also acknowledge Phaedra's sister Ariadne, who played a key role in the myth. The Titans had no part whatsoever in the myth of Theseus, so I will not be including them. I chose to change Phaedra's first dream vision in the movie. The ancient Hellines (Greeks) did not worship in Christian-style monasteries as shown in the beginning of the movie. The Epirus Bow is also fictional too and I will not mention it. Few of the characters in the movie are not really mythological figures and some are named after real figures of Hellas ancient history.) Chapter 1: Immortal & Divine The screams of people had erupted and the soldiers, bursting to the gates of the citadel, saw the flames spreading from the cities and temples of Hellas. Thick clouds of black smoke ascended from the scorching ruins to the skies. Overlooking the flaming destruction of the kingdoms and islands of Hellas, an arrogant, tall, brooding warrior stood. His face covered by a bull's head mask. Breathing slowly as he watched temples, palaces, and cities be devoured by fire. He triumphantly raised his sword high towards the heavens in victory. The horrific nightmare quickly broke as an olive-skinned hazel-eyed slim Minoan young woman awakened, breathing heavily with fear as though the nightmare were real. Three women who shared the same bedchamber with her were awakened by her gasping and went to her side to comfort her. The young woman's name was Phaedra, princess of Crete. One of the three young women, green-eyed with long brown hair, named Ariadne, sister to the distressed one asked what frightened her. \"My sister princess . . . what vision did you dream?\" Ariadne asked knowing that Apollo no doubt had come to her sister in her dreams, showing her what future the Fates had deemed. Phaedra, short of breath, could not keep silent of the terrible vision she just experienced. Her sister and two fellow priestesses needed to know. \"Chaos . . . unleashed\" she answered fearfully. \"By who\" asked one of the two priestesses Phaedra and Ariadne shared the chamber. \"My father, king Minos. He seeks to invade the city of Athens. To rule over all of Hellas\" Phaedra replied with a heart heavy with disbelief and terror. \"We must pray\" the second priestess advised. Phaedra, Ariadne, and the two priestesses went to the sanctuary of the protective Snake Goddesses. There in the inner sanctuary before a magnificent colossal golden statue of the goddess. They made a libation to their goddess, pouring some wine on the marble floor and then each took a sip from the goblet. When this world was still young . . . long before man or beast roamed these lands . . . there was a war in the heavens. Immortals, once thought incapable of death discovered they had the power to kill one another. The victors became the Olympians while the vanquished known as the Titans, were forever imprisoned within the bowels of Tartarus. Eons passed, mankind flourished, and the Great War receded from memory. But an evil far more vicious . . . has emerged. Nycomedes, a priest of the temple had heard the thunderous roars of men converging nearer toward the temple. From the ramparts of the sanctuary, to his shocked terror, an army of Cretan warriors marched upon the shrine. Phaedra, Ariadne and their priestesses heard the shouting too. It was no mystery who was at the head of the army. \"Our father Minos is here\" Phaedra said terrified to her sister and fellow priestesses \"He comes for me.\" \"We must go now\" one of the priestesses urged Phaedra. Temple of the Snake Goddess Hellas 1228 BC Nycomedes knew exactly why Minos and his army had come to the temple. Bound by oath to defend the virgin oracle and princess, he immediately ran to help them try to flee to safety. Followed by a company of armed men, at the head king Minos of Crete marched forward into the inner sanctum of the temple. \"Stop, you cannot enter here. This is sacred ground\" warned a priest of the goddess to the king. \"Sacred for who?\" asked Minos smugly unmoved by the priest's words. Minos soldiers led the priest's attendants out of the sanctuary. \"What do you want from us?\" asked the priest trying to contain and hold back his fear. \"Where is my daughter Phaedra- the virgin oracle?\" Minos asked as he walked toward the sacred brazier filled with blessed water. \"Defile this temple further and you will risk the wrath of the gods\" the priest cautioned Minos, knowing his sacrilege would not go unpunished. \"The Gods?\" Minos said with hate on his lips as he gazed up toward the temple ceiling at a fresco depicting the gods in combat during the Great War. He removed his hoplite helmet, casting it upon the floor before spitting into the sacred font in disgust. The long dark brown haired hazel-eyed bearded king despised the Olympians above all else. \"Gods?\" Minos replied to the priest with a menacing wicked smile on his scared hard face. He pushed the priest down on his knees. \"Go ahead call upon them. Pray. Ask for their help\" he urged smelling the fear reeking from the elderly priest, Minos picked up an oil lamp from the offering table and poured its oil over the priest's body \"Pray to the same gods who idly stood by as my wife Pasiphae was driven to mate with a bull and my only son Androgeus was killed.\" The priest looked into Minos eyes with courage and disgust. \"I too cried to the heavens for help\" Minos told the priest as he doused him with oil \"But instead of mercy, I was met with silence and the wretched sight of my family suffering and behaving like animals until they were tainted with shame or death.\" Minos fury began to rage \"Your gods will no longer mock me. I will have my revenge!\" he swore to the priest. \"It is not too late to end this madness. Salvation can be yours if you wish it\" the priest tried to convince the Cretan king otherwise, hoping he would see to reason. \"Let me enlighten you, priest\" Minos answered before pushing over a torch lamp near the pool of oil the priest knelt in. The priest quickly caught fire and his screams filled the temple as his flesh burned, \"I will have my revenge on the gods- and end their reign\" he swore while the priest scorched. ","Summary":" Immortals: Legends of Hellas (A/N: Immortals was an interesting film. I still think it could have f"},{"Movie":"Immortals","Title":"Right Here Waiting","Author":"Lord Shockwave","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7858085","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Right Here Waiting An Immortals fanfic. I really liked the movie, and the couple between Theseus and Phaedra was really beautiful. And this song just seemed great for them. Enjoy this song fic. Theseus looked at Phaedra who was sitting on the edge of the roof. Looking over the great field that was before them. He loved the way her eyes shined in the sunlight. The way her hair waved in the wind. He was so in love with her. That night of passion proved that more then ever. She thanked him for helping to get rid of those horrible visions. Oceans apart Day after day And i slowly go insane I hear your voice On the line But it doesn't stop the pain I see you next to never How can we stay forever Wherever you go Whatever you do I will be right here waiting for you Whatever it takes Or how my heart breaks I will be right here waiting for you. He knew that she would probably leave after the upcoming battle. He had to let her leave. He couldn't afford to get her hurt. He loved her. More then any other man could ever do. I took for granted All the times That i thought would last somehow I hear the laughter and i taste the tears But i can't get near you now Oh can you see it baby You've got me going' crazy Wherever you go Whatever you do I will be right here waiting for you Whatever it takes Or how my heart breaks I will be right here waiting for you I wonder how we can survive This romance, but in the end if I'm with you I'll take the chaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaance. He walked towards her. And took her hand softly in his. She stood up and walked with him away from the edge. She laid her arms around his neck and they danced slowly. The sun rising behind him. Wherever you go Whatever you do I will be right here waiting for you I'll be, I'll be right right here, oh waiting on youuuuuuuuu Whatever it takes Or how my heart breaks I will be right here waiting for you I'll be right here waiting for you Oh, i love you Oh whatever it takes Whatever you do Where ever you go I'm never leavin' you (i will be waiting) I'll be right here waiting, for youuuuu oh oh, youuu. They kissed passionately. She might be away after this everything. But he would be waiting for her. That's the end. It's not that great of a story, but I hope someone will like it. Reviews are loved. Have a nice day everyone. ","Summary":" Right Here Waiting An Immortals fanfic. I really liked the movie, and the couple between Theseus an"},{"Movie":"Immortals","Title":"Laying The Children Out For A Massacre","Author":"define-serenity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7635834","Passage":"[Chapter 1] disclaimer: without prejudice. the names of all characters contained here-in are the property of Relativity Media, Virgin produced. and Tarsem. no infringments of these copyrights are intended, and are used here without permission. author's notes: missing scene. written because i was blown away (yet again) by Tarsem's creative talent, and i think Zeus was an incredibly interesting character that the movie sadly couldn't explore. dedicated to slowdead (lj) and Inwenalas . Laying The Children Out For a Massacre;; Athena has all but spoken the words – \"Are we at war, father?\" – or the sky screams with her cries. Thunder rolls. He looks up at his daughter. Yes, he thinks, they are at war. He went to war with himself the moment his son and daughter disobeyed, when they intervened in a world they could never belong to because of what they are. He started a far more perilous war the moment Ares' heart stopped beating. The absence of his son became a void within him, something missing where a son's loyalty was before. And if he felt it, she feels it two-fold. The air shrieks, a lament for the dead, her wails settle in his chest, nestle somewhere alongside his heart. But it doesn't break. It never breaks. She comes to him shrouded in mourning. The nails on both her hands and feet are black, her eyes accented by a dark dye he hasn't seen her wear since they first met the Titans in battle. Right now he guesses it's there to hide her tears, underscore her rage. She doesn't show it—one of her many graces is that she allows her anger to rampage within her like a storm, only calming when she's spoken her piece. He's much the same in that respect. That's why he doesn't see it coming. He stands up to meet her eye. They are equals in this arena of gods and no matter his pride, she is his queen; he will treat her as such. \"Hera,\" he says. Her hand lands on his face hard; he staggers a step back from the sheer force of it, lightning inching across his cheek. But it doesn't leave a mark. She grits her teeth together. \"What have you done?\" Athena backs away from them, head down. He looks back at her, breathes evenly, tempering his own storm. \"He didn't abide by the law.\" Her eyes narrow. \" Your law.\" \"Yes,\" he says, nods, takes a defiant step closer to her. \"My law.\" He knows what's to come, what accusations will rain down from her lips. \"And what do you do every time you lie with one of them ?\" Hera says, as expected, eyes burning like a firestorm. \"When you shame your family. When you shame me .\" When he shames himself. He has sinned, time and time again, he has allowed himself to walk the lower levels of this Earth and found temptation no god could resist. She has never forgiven him his previous trespasses, how can she forgive him this? \"He was your son,\" Hera adds, does not release his eyes, not once, allows him no moment of respite. She has this way with him, a way of pinning him down somewhere at his core. It's what made her his consort long ago, not just her beauty and tenacity, but her defiance. Yet her inability to see past his imperfections has left her susceptible to jealousy and vengeance. And none serves as better example of those human passions than Hephaestus, the youngling she so brutally cast out. \"As Hephaestus was yours.\" \"Do not speak of him!\" she spits. \"He was an abomination . As is this girl you favour above all your other children.\" She points at Athena, his perfect daughter. She resents him for it—that he was able to create a daughter so complete and beautiful, a true goddess, and all her own body managed to produce was a misfortunate and disfigured boy. \"Ares was our son,\" Hera says, her words more painful than her blows. He doesn't need to be reminded. She turns from him, places a distance between them, a chasm growing every day. \"Our first-born.\" Maybe that's what she truly hates him for—Ares came from both of them, he was the union of both their bodies, now one less tie holding them together. \"And you killed him after he protected one of your humans.\" Her hands have formed into fists on the white marble. \"One of your precious favourites.\" He wears black to mourn his son; her toga is the deep-red unyielding colour of war, no golden flecks to represent Ares' descent into Hades, no crown to mark her divinity. His own crown lays cast aside in some desolate room too. \"Tell me, husband,\" Hera says, and turns to face him again, the overabundance of her robes forming tidal waves on the floor. \"Does this human man measure up to the God of War?\" She wears the colours of Ares, for Ares, their son of war, born after their last great battle, a product of their first time of peace. Born from their love. But war will return to the heavens as well if this human man – as she so delicately puts it – fails in his mission. Fire starts in him. \"Have you looked down upon the world of man as of late, wife ?\" he asks. Has she seen what her son saw? Has she seen the devastation Ares tried to stop? Has she ever laid eyes on Theseus? \"Why would I?\" Hera asks. \"They are not my children.\" No, one of her children, one of their children, lies encased in marble at the very edge of Mount Olympus, soon to join the pantheon of immortals that went before him. \"Hyperion marches on Tartarus with the Epirus Bow,\" he says, painfully reminded that it was their son who had forged the bow in the first place. Ares could not bear to see it fall into the hands of a man like Hyperion. \"Theseus alone can stop him.\" \"And you could stop him with a single lightning strike!\" Her words cut sharp, laced with a deep sorrow he has not heard before, except maybe in his own voice. \"You could lay waste to his army with a single thought.\" So could she, he thinks, but she would never break his laws. She has no care for the world of mortals. \"And yet you won't. You will do nothing to protect them. Your own children.\" \"Every child outgrows the guidance of its parents,\" he answers. Her ability to see only good in her own children has left her blind to history. Children or not, they will stray from the path laid out by their parents, because a youngling's mind is a rebellious one. \"As we did.\" Hera casts down her eyes, takes a step away from him, but remains silent. \"Have you forgotten, sister?\" He moves one step closer, careful this time. \"How I had to slay our father so that our brothers and sisters could live? So that you could live?\" When her eyes find his again the tempest has calmed. \"Without these rules there would be only chaos,\" he says. \"We'd rule the world of man, and they would worship us.\" They'd witness their power, and tremble beneath them. She takes in a deep breath. \"But we would rule through fear,\" she says. His hands come to rest on her shoulders. \"Yes, my love,\" he says. She does not look at him again, but accepts the warmth of his embrace. This should be enough, he thinks, the love of the one who has given him so many. Her fingers dig into his back. She cries silently now. She will not forgive him. He will not forgive himself. The wind howls. Trees sway. Leaves rustle. This is the calm before the storm. It's Athena who speaks again. \"Hyperion has reached the citadel.\" He looks at his daughter. Yes, he thinks, it's time for war. \"Then it is time we do our part.\" He knows his queen will not stop him; the Titans are their common enemy. She will not join him, he knows this too. She's never been one for warmongering. When he looks at her again she's the girl he freed from his father's gut so long ago, kicking crying screaming, skin covered in a more visceral red, eyes burning in the sunlight. That girl, his sister, his blood . The only one who could ever truly defy him. \"Walk with me,\" Hera says. Athena motions to speak, but he hushes her with a single glance. She is still his daughter. She must still obey. \"Gather the others,\" he commands, then takes his bride by the hand. He follows her down to the agora, where their son rests in his tomb. \"Take this,\" she says, lifts Ares' hammer effortlessly from its resting place. \"He would have wanted you to wield it.\" He looks at his goddess, uncrowned, defiant, mighty. He brushes her hair back, presses his lips to hers; she takes his greedily, marks him, yet already owns him. He whispers, forehead resting against hers, \"I will return.\" Next time they meet, they will bury more children. She will help him bury Athena. She wears the red colour of war, for Ares, for him. For all her children that head to battle. if you can, please let me know what you think! *in Greek mythology, Zeus bore Athena himself after his human lover died. as revenge, Hera created Hephaestus by herself as well, but the boy was deemed too ugly to live on Olympos and was cast out. ","Summary":" disclaimer: without prejudice. the names of all characters contained here-in are the property of Re"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"We make our own destiny","Author":"LiLoDu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8270907","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I started from my sleep and looked around me. Beatrice looked at me, surprised. „Are you alright?\", she asked. I looked at her, confused for a second, then I remembered where I was and why. „Yes, yes. Was just dreaming.\" „Yes, I know. Bad dream?\" „Yes. Any news? How's she?\" „No, no news yet. Poor thing.\" I sighed and got up from the armchair I had fallen asleep in. I didn't want to sleep but after the nurse had sent us down to the drawing room, I hadn't been able to fight my tiredness any longer and so I fell into a restless, nightmare filled sleep. I couldn't remember what I had dreamt about, luckily. It was something terrible anyway. I looked at the clock on top of the mantlepiece. Quarter to 5 in the afternoon. I couldn't have slept long, When I checked the clock the last time it was around 3. „How long did I sleep?\", I asked her. „Not long. 20 minutes perhaps.\", she replied, looking at me worriedly, „But you had really needed it.\" „I don't need sleep more than she does now. I swore I wouldn't sleep before she would. You know, she didn't sleep the night before last night either. She was up all night, tossing and turning. How exhausted she must be!\" Beatrice stood up from her armchair and came over to me. She placed her hand on my shoulder and smiled reassuring. „She's gonna be fine, don't worry. She's young, strong and healthy, you know.\" I nodded. I knew she was right. Bigger sisters were always right. But still, I couldn't get rid of this strange feeling inside me that something was going seriously wrong. It was the same feeling I had on our way home from London after the interview with the doctor. And back then my feeling hadn't tricked me. We found Manderley up in flames. No, something was wrong, I knew it. It was all too perfect for us. I couldn't trust this happy ending. Not after all that had happened to us. It had started with that inquest 3 years ago. I had been under suspect of murdering my first wife, Rebecca. Her boat had been found on the ground of our bay, holes punched into it. But after her doctor gave evidence of suicide, the inquest had been dropped and I was a free man again. Although it had ended well, it was a hard time for us. For me and even more so for my new wife. I wished I could have spared her all of that. But when I confessed her that I indeed had killed Rebecca, I felt free and for the first time since I had met her, I could enjoy being with her. I hadn't needed to pretend to be happy anymore for her sake, I had actually been happy. From the day the inquest was dropped on I had sworn to her that we would start all over and live happily at Manderley. But then fate striked again. Our precious Manderley had gone up in flames, leaving a place of destruction. We had stayed there, holding each other in our arms, and watched our home falling to ashes. Until the afternoon they had tried to extiguish the fire. We had known by then already that it wouldn't have saved the building though. The following night we had spent at Beatrice's and Giles' house. We hadn't got much sleep, although we would have needed it so badly. I remember she fell asleep at some stage, but was woken up by an aweful nightmare of the fire. She had screamed and then woken up, shaking. I had pulled her into my arms and held her. The next day we had left for Italy. We had needed some time abroad. To flee, to forget, to start all over again. When we felt the past coming back to us, we had left and hidden in a new place, at another end of Italy. And so we had spent 2 years away, living in small hotels, living the life of normal, unfamous people, enjoying being together. It had probably been the letter from Beatrice that changed our life once more. The letter itself was not so important in the path of our lives but if it hadn't been for it, we would probably still hide out in Italy somewhere. The letter said, Roger, Beatrice's and Giles' son, was getting married and were of course invited. First I didn't want to go. But my wife had persuaded me to accept the invitation. After all, he was my nephew. So we had come back to England and had planned to stay a couple of weeks. My wife thought, as a return favour, we should help with the wedding. Beatrice and Giles had helped us with everything while we were away. We had arrived 6 weeks prior the weeding and stayed another 2 and a half months afterwards. To keep an eye on Roger's and his bride's new house during their honeymoon and travel around the country a little. The day we wanted to return to Italy my wife felt sick that morning. First I thought she just didn't want to leave and so I played her little game along for one more day. But when she had fainted the next day, I had started to worry a little. She had never fainted just like that before. Well except for during the inquest. But I'm still sure she had done that on purpose back then, to save me from losing my temper and confess things I shouldn't. Oh how thankful I still am today for this. I love her. I probably have never told her so but I do. I really do. She had told me a couple of times that day that was was fine and that she didn't need a doctor but when she still didn't feel better, Beatrice called Dr O'Callaigh over to check up on her. Beatrice had always smiled at me that day but back then I hadn't known how to read it. Only when the doctor was finished I had learned what it meant. My wife was right. She was fine, perfectly fine. More than fine to be exact. The doctor had left her resting in her bed and when I came in to her, she smiled at me. „You know, I told you I was fine.\", she had said. „But something wonderful has happened.\" I think that was the moment when I had realised what she was trying to tell me. My eyes had widened and I had sat down and taken her hand. „We're having a baby, Maxim.\", she had said, smiling. I had hugged her, kissed her and smiled at her. I knew then that things would turn out wonderfully for us and that we would finally be able to live happily together. That night we had sat together, myself, my wife, Beatrice, Giles and also dear old Frank Crawley, and had decided to rebuild Manderley. Not like in the old days, a new, better, brighter, more precious Manderley. Something great for our son to inherit. What better reason to do it now than a child could there be? Frank and I had made all the plans and then gone back to Italy to get all our things we had left there. We had lived at Beatrice's and Giles' house while Manderley was being rebuilt. That way, my wife had been well looked after by Beatrice and Frank and I had gone to the building site every day and watched the house raise brick by brick. My wife had requested the house to look very different from before and I can't describe how much I approved of this. We didn't want anything to remember of the past. We wanted a new Manderley. For us, for our children. We still lived in the east wing of the house but simply because it was 'our' side and always had been. The west wing was turned into the guest rooms and in the middle between the two ends, the nursery room was located. Our little one sould have the best of both, the view to the sea and to the rose gardens. The subtle rush of the sea would sooth him to sleep, how it had done with me and Beatrice and all our ancestors before. Two weeks ago the house was finally ready to move in. I had promised my wife to have it ready for her on time to have a crib placed under the chestnut tree. And at least I had held this promise. Soon we would sit outside under the tree, our son in our arms and finally be able to enjoy our lives how they had been planned in the first place, back then in Monte Carlo. A knock on the door brought me back to reality. The nurse came in. „Mr de Winter, you should come up now.\", she said. I looked at Beatrice who nooded and then we both followed the nurse upstairs. „Poor thing, this has been taking so long. How long has it been?\" „Since around 10 last night.\", I replied briefly. I didn't want to talk now, I was too nervous, too worried. Although I would now soon see my wife and our son, I still had this feeling that something was wrong. „Oh dear. That would be 19 hours. I hope your child will appriciate all that later.\" „I'm sure he will.\" „Maxim dear, I don't wanna spoil your excitement now but how do you know it's a boy?\" „I know. She kept saying we're having a boy.\" „Yes because she knows you want a son. But have you told her that she shouldn't put herself under pressure?\" „I have. I told her that a girl will be perfectly fine, too. There is no reason why a woman couldn't run Manderley just as good. But she still kept saying it is a boy. She said she felt it.\" „Well, I really hope then her feelings are not as messed up as her hormones these days.\", she laughed. I smiled weakly and sighed. Yes, her hormones were really messed up. She had been sick almost the entire pregnancy. Had fainted a lot at the beginning and her mood swings were even worse than mine. And I better don't start on her eating behaviour lately. We were arriving in front of our bedroom. The nurse went in and when she opened the door, I could hear a scream. Not the scream I was hoping for. It was not the baby's wining. It was her, my wife, crying out in pain. Again, this strange feeling of horror overcame me and all colour must have run out of my face. We stood there, silently, waiting for the door to open again. Then it did. The doctor come out. When I saw him, I almost fainted myself. His white coat was stained in blood and his face looked serious. „Mr de Winter...\", he said and closed the door behind him. He came over to us. And there was this feeling again. Please, God, let everything be all right. ","Summary":" I started from my sleep and looked around me. Beatrice looked at me, surprised. „Are you alright?\""},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Only a Name","Author":"macawtopia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5930943","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alright, I recently read and fell in love with Rebecca (It's now one of my favourite books), so, naturally, I checked to see if there was any fanfiction for it. And there were only about ten entries! So, I wrote this little piece to give these wonderful characters some closure. Now, I know that it starts off really slowly, but I adore the ending, so I hope you enjoy it =] }O{ In the end, I still believe that it was Frank's letter that did it. If that letter hadn't arrived precisely when it did, Maxim and I might still have been in the sad predicament of reading English news clippings for the fleeting amusement they brought us. Of course, homesickness and a burning desire to settle down were contributing factors, but it was definitely the letter that set action into motion. I remember the day the letter arrived at our hotel with an odd clarity. I say that it was odd, because that day hadn't been particularly out of the ordinary and thus, very forgettable. When the mailman had arrived, we had been sitting in absolute silence. A beautiful, peaceful sort of silence though, not one caused by her worming her way into our minds and poisoning our thoughts. Those silences had finally expired, for which I was immeasurably grateful. The word Rebecca was no longer a synonym for malice, cruelty, horror, and murder; as time made plains out of mountains, it had also turned the word Rebecca into a name; nothing more. It affected us no more than the names Charlotte or Jane. No, that day our silence was simply a habitual one. It represented nothing more or less than Maxim sitting in his armchair while reading a newspaper, and me sitting across from him and finishing some knitting. We may as well have been in Manderley, really, for had we been there at that time, we likely would have been doing the same thing. Presently, I would finish my knitting, and take a seat by him. Then he would stroke my hair, just as he had at Manderley. But in reality, this hotel room was nothing like Manderley; at the moment, it was far more beautiful. Of course, I'm not insinuating that the hotel room's furnishings came any where near the magnificence of Manderley; they were simple, lackluster, and almost ugly in comparison. No, what made this moment beautiful had nothing to do with setting. What made this moment beautiful was the understanding and love that Maxim and I shared, and the complete bliss he could make me feel by simply holding me. We had never been this together in almost all our time at Manderley, in any sense of the word. When the mailman's knock came at our door, it was Maxim who answered it, because he had been looking forward to reading the result of a football match which had happened a few days ago. In fact, he had been so anxious about the results that he had received merciless teasing from me on the matter for the past few days. Of course, you could never tell that he had football on his mind when he opened the door. No, he greeted the mailman with the same polite stiffness as always (he never bothered acting charming when he wasn't sincerely interested in the other person; the habit was something we both now attributed with Rebecca) then collected the mail with a brief thank you. He absentmindedly opened the first envelope, and there it was; the letter that would change our lives forever. For a moment, as he looked at the letter in his hands with his dark eyes widened, I began to fear for the worst. Crazy, impossible ideas manifested themselves in my head, and for a moment, I was afraid to move. Could the letter be from Mrs. Danvers? Could it be from Favell, Rebecca's cousin, informing us that he now had the evidence he needed to have Maxim arrested and hung? \"What is it, darling?\" I whispered, approaching him. Placing my hand gently on his shoulder, I asked, \"What's wrong?\" After a moment, he turned to smile softly at me, \"I truly have ruined you, haven't I? Your first assumption is always that something is the matter. Well, you can relax darling; this letter is not a warrant for my arrest. It is a wedding invitation.\" I blinked with surprise, \"Really?\" Peering down at the ostentatiously styled card in his hands, I instantly realized that he was right. But what I couldn't believe, was the name of the groom, \"Frank Crawley? Frank is getting married?\" I laughed. For me, Frank had always represented propriety personified, and I could never picture him feeling amorous, or proposing. As for picturing him kissing a woman, I felt certain that it couldn't be done unless I happened upon him actually doing it. After getting over my initial shock, I scanned through the rest of the card. The wedding was to take place in two months, in the county next to the one which had contained Manderley. But, I had been to the place before, so I knew that it was only ten or so miles from the actual Manderley property. I can't deny that the thought of going back scared me at first. Frank seemed to have anticipated this though, for under the calligraphically printed information on the card, he had penned a short note: Dear Mr. and Mrs. de Winter, I am well aware of the horrific events which have kept you from returning to England, and not a day passes when I don't regret what has happened to you. Thus, I would never dream of forcing you to return here prematurely. That said, Miss Rachel (my fiancée) and I would be truly honored if you were able to attend even a part of the ceremonies. Please send your response with the utmost haste. Cordially, Frank Crawley While reading, I tried to imagine Frank sitting in his dining room, wondering how to word his request in a way that would convince us to come. He had probably gone through quite a few drafts before arrive at this final copy. True, the end result wasn't particularly impressive or touching, but I knew Frank well enough to understand that the hidden message in this short note was, \"I truly miss you, please come back.\" After reading, I looked up at Maxim, who angled face to look at me. Our eyes met, and that was when I knew that he had every intention of returning to London for the wedding. His eyes told me that he had had enough of our foreign exile, he wanted to go home. Still, for formality's sake, he smiled and asked me, \"So, how about it, my dear? Would you be up for a return to England?\" The lighthearted way he said it, with mischief dancing in his eyes and a teasing grin made returning to England seem as easy as changing hotels. I almost laughed, \"Am I up for it? I don't believe it was ever a question of my being up to it. It was always you , with your dark past and brooding temperament. You couldn't take the memories.\" The teasing vanished from his eyes, and it was replaced with hurt. \"You would have felt the same, had the memories in your mind been half as chilling as mine.\" I gasped, realizing that I had gone too far, \"Oh God, I didn't mean to –\" \"I thought you understood.\" He looked away, his face frozen into the emotionless mask it had always become when he thought of her, and I took his hand, \"Oh, I'm so sorry… please don't be angry darling\", I pleaded, \"I was being thoughtless and… and stupid ; I didn't mean anything by it.\" Maxim then began to make an odd choking sound. For a moment, I believed he was restraining dry sobs, but then I realized that it didn't sound as if he was sobbing at all. It sounded more as if he was attempting to conceal his… \"Laughter? Here I am feeling guilty and heartless for bringing up your past, thinking that I actually hurt you, and you're laughing at me?\" Maxim looked up at me with now, with unrestrained mirth dancing in his eyes, \"Sorry, I couldn't help it. Come now, don't be angry; it was just too easy!\" As he continued laughing, I frowned heavily at him, pretending to be hurt. But in reality, I felt lighter than air; I was weightless and floating. He was finally free. I was free. True, we hadn't actually been burdened with dark memories for the past few months now, but we had never been able to laugh about them before. The past had never mattered less. Suddenly forgetting that I was supposed to be cross with him, I turned to Maxim and took both his hands in mine, \"Darling, it's only been two years since we left England. We could still go back now and start our lives over, it isn't yet too late. We could use your fortune, and build a new home, a new life! I'm sure most of our old staff would help us. And then we could mend this family and make it into a proper one, with children and everything! The sort of family I used to dream that we would be. The sort of family that we deserve to be…\" Realizing that I had gotten lost in my dreams, I shook my head and looked up at him. He was smiling tenderly at me, in a way that warmed me more than any fire or summer breeze. \"Darling, that' s why I love you.\" He said gently. \"I may have cost you your innocence, but you've retained your ability hope, and you've brought mine back to boot. If you want to start all over again, then damnit all, start again we shall. But can I ask you a favor?\" I smiled, \"Anything.\" A mischievous grin crossed his handsome features, making him look far younger than his years, \"Can we start with the children?\" I couldn't help but blush girlishly at his words, and then he leaned forwards and was kissing me as he hadn't kissed me since our final night at Manderley. His hands cupped my face and my arms slid around his neck to pull him closer to me. Our kisses were insistent, hungry, and almost as full of hope as we were. By the time he pulled back, I felt so hot and weak in the knees that it was all I could do not to collapse into his arms. Then, completely unbidden, a horrid thought crossed my mind: Had he ever kissed Rebecca the way he just kissed me? Maxim must have noticed my change of expression, because he looked at me questioningly. To answer his unasked query, I sighed and said one word, \"Rebecca\". For a moment, as he looked at me, I was afraid that he would be angry, or irritated with me for bringing her up now and ruining one of our rare moments of passion. But then, to my relief, Maxim only wrinkled his aristocratic nose, \" Rebecca ? Now there's an unpleasant name. Yours has a much nicer ring to it, darling.\" And I couldn't help but agree with him. }O{ Fluffy? Yes, it is. Too happy for the sombre ending of Rebecca? I don't care, the de Winters deserve happiness! Anyways, thanks for reading =] ","Summary":" Alright, I recently read and fell in love with Rebecca (It's now one of my favourite books), so, na"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Mrs Danvers","Author":"Demon'sGrace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7727113","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I ran through the back woods of Manderly, the branches catching my black lace cuffs and stumbling over protruding roots, my mind puzzling the day's events, How could this have happened? It went so quickly, I remember receiving the news from Jack that Mr. DeWinter would not be convicted of Rebecca's murder, I realized then I could no longer stay at Manderly, Mr. De Winter would never allow it. Moreover, I could not knowingly serve the man who murdered my beloved Rebecca nor the little chit who thinks she can replace her. I instructed Jack to meet me behind Manderly in one hour in that garish car of his; I had to leave under my own terms in order to maintain some dignity. I then speed back to my chambers to prepare my departure, a few changes of clothes and the salary I accumulated over my many years of faithful service to that despicable man, than off to the west wing. I just had to keep something of Rebecca's, no doubt it would all be destroyed at Mr. DeWinter's return if I did not. I first thought of the wardrobe closet; Rebecca always loved her clothes, but no, that was impractical, I could not carry much more than I already had in my suitcase; I must then have left my cigarette unbalanced in the ash tray on the broach cabinet. I went into the bedroom to search and by the time I decided on Rebecca's brushes… I smelled smoke! I turned, and the entire wardrobe closet was aflame. My mind went blank; hugging the brushes to my chest, I grabbed my suitcase and ran. I had to wait hardly a minute before Favell drove by in his green car. After I told him what had happened at Manderly, we realized we had to leave town, there was no evidence to assume the fire was not an accident and the law had already proven it was in Mr. DeWinter's pocket. We drove in silence straight through to the next morning. I finally asked him to stop right outside Eltham, as I got out of the car, Jack turned to me muttering \"We'll get him next time Danny, that murdering scum will not get away with this. Keep in touch\" but as I closed the door and watched as he drove away, I knew that we would never meet again, and that we would never enact our revenge on Maximillion De Winter. I than turned my sights on the goals that lay ahead. I first secured a residence, a simple one-bedroom apartment with distasteful lime-green walls. Secondly, I prepared my self for retirement. It was only later I realized just how futile my attempted retirement was, I was not meant to settle so quickly and I grew restless, any way my funds would deplete sooner or later. In the end I decided to acquire a job. I had only two joys in life, managing the housekeeping at Manderly and raising my dear Rebecca. Managing another house was out of the question, management always began at the lowest job and worked their way up, and I was no longer spry enough for the work of a maid. I decided then and there to apply at the nanny agency two streets away. My credentials were excellent, who would not want their child raised by the nanny of the fabled Rebecca DeWinter. None of the jobs took, none of the parents pictured me as a right match for their child, not that I wanted the job of caring for those timid, cringing brats. One day the woman who owned the agency, Mrs. Spaas, walked into my meeting room, her normal, meticulous appearance seemed, somehow, disheveled. When I inquired as to whom the next child might be Mrs. Spaas gave a start and gave me a look that told me she had been dreading this question, she answered nervously, \"Her name is Annabeth Scarlet. She is, well, lively. She has never kept a nanny for more than five months.\" Just as she spoke these words, the door opened and in walked a gentleman who could only be Mr. Scarlet, trailing behind him, a young girl about eight years old in a blue dress, her face turned toward my employer in a defiant scowl, her curly brown-gold hair bouncing around her face as she walked. When Mrs. Spaas introduced me, the girls face turned in my direction and her mouth turned up into a smirk, but I was no longer taking in her appearance, my attention was caught by her eyes. Her vibrant green eyes held something special, a spark that reminded me so much of Rebecca. When Annabeth spoke, her voice rang with confidence, \"Danvers huh, well Danny , here are the rules, I do what I want, when I want and nobody is ever going to control me!\" ","Summary":" I ran through the back woods of Manderly, the branches catching my black lace cuffs and stumbling o"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Rebecca","Author":"melbor2014","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6706477","Passage":"[Chapter 1] First fan fiction. Please R/R. I always wondered why Rebecca was the way she was. This is just my interpretation. Hope you enjoy! She was never fond of rose bushes. She hated the way they would prick and turn her pale skin red; but at a time such as this, hiding among the rose bushes was the only way she could find a moment of solitude and safety. She held her breath as she listened to the sound of angry footsteps rushing past her and the angry grumble of her father's voice as he walked passed screaming her name. She decided to wait a few more moments until all of the rushing and grumbling was long gone. But fate had a different plan for young Rebecca. She felt a large hand grip her arm tightly, pulling her violently out of the rose bushes. She saw the cold blue eyes of her father burn into her soft gray ones, freezing her heart. \"What have you been up to now you little bitch?\" he swore. Rebecca could smell the overpowering scent of alcohol in his breath. \"Why are you running from daddy?\" he said shaking her violently. Rebecca said nothing as usual. She found that the many times she had tried fighting her father got her nothing but an even worse beating. He was drunk, so that at least meant that it wouldn't be as long as one of the daily beatings she received. Maybe a slap here and there and then finally sending her on her way to have Danny nurse her wounds and of course, lie about how she got hurt. In the end, nothing would change and they would go back to the facade of being a happy, loving family. \"You don't run from daddy unless you've been doing something naughty,\" he father sneered drunkly. He swung his hand across her face, leaving a mark of his hand in his wake. Rebecca felt her cheek sting as she watched him pull back to slap her again; this time it was harder. She felt blood in the inside of her mouth, but she never backed down from her father's gaze. As a child, she would cry and plead with him to stop hurting her; but it would only influence him to hurt her more. She found that if she stayed silent and never took her eyes off his, eventually he would get bored with her and leave her be. Which after some time, he did. \"Get your hideous face out of my sight,\" he said to her. She turned her back to him, standing up straight and walked into the house. She climbed the marbled stairs of her house to her room, being unnoticed by the staff which was normal. Once or twice in her life, Rebecca was asked by a servant how she got her cuts or bruises. She had replied, \"I was playing in the rose garden,\" or \"I clumsily tripped on a lose cobblestone in the garden. Please see that it is fixed.\" What ever excuse she gave was enough to satisfy the servants; even though they knew the master's temper after he had been drinking. She stopped at the top of the stairs to gaze at a portrait of her father and mother. People talked and said that Rebecca's beauty came from her mother; her gray eyes, pale skin, regal stature and perfect features were all characteristics she inherited from her mother. Rebecca's long black hair was from her father. She pushed open the wooden door that led to her suite and saw her personal maid, Mrs. Danvers or Danny, lay a green frock on her bed. The woman turned towards Rebecca and arched a thin eyebrow before motioning the young girl to sit on her bed. Rebecca wordlessly obliged and waited patiently for Danny to return with healing ointments. The stench of the ointments burned her nose as she felt Danny dab at her wounds lightly with a cloth. Rebecca could already begin to feel her face swell slightly. \"Your mother has invited your aunt Sara to join the two of you for tea.\" \"Is she bringing that lovely cousin of mine?\" Rebecca asked with a sarcastic air. \"Yes. Your mother believes your cousin would be a good husband. Marrying him will keep the Summers' bloodline pure.\" Rebecca gave a cold smile. \"That poor boy is smitten with me. He believes he has a chance.\" She felt Danny pull away from her cheek and put away the ointment. \"He is rather cute I will admit, but I won't waste my time marrying him. I just want to have fun with him,\" she said as Danny pulled the green frock over her head and began to button it up in the back. A few moments later, Rebecca's mother, Adelaide walked into the bedroom. She stared down at Mrs. Danvers giving her daughter motherly attention. \"That'll be all Danny. Just brush those knots out of her hair and put in a ribbon. Sara and Jack will be here any minute.\" Mrs. Danvers gave a slight bow and went to fetch the ribbon. \"Stand up straight Rebecca! It does you no good to slouch!\" Rebecca heaved a huge sigh but obeyed her mother. She felt Adelaide drag a brush through her raven black locks. \"Remember Rebecca, a sloucher is a beggar on the streets; but someone who stands tall, will marry wealthy,\" Adelaide said putting down the brush. She stared at her daughter's face. \"You're swelling up like a balloon and it is making you most unattractive. Were you with your father again today?\" \"Yes mother.\" Her mother reached for the powder. \"Well no matter. More powder should cover it up,\" she said dabbing it all over Rebecca's face. She saw Danny return with the ribbon. \"Thank you Danny. You may go now,\" Mrs. Danvers nodded and made her way out the door. \"Mother?\" \"Yes Rebecca?\" \"What if I don't like Jack? What if I don't want to marry him?\" She heard her mother give an appalled gasp and Rebecca readied herself for the slap, but nothing came. \"Rebecca, sometimes to gain social status, we have to do things that we don't want to do. You don't want to be so far below that people think of you as a commoner do you?\" Rebecca shook her head. More than anything, she wanted power above others. Power above men, above women. Danny had told her not to long ago because of her beauty and brains, men would follow Rebecca to the ends of the Earth. Jack was just the beginning. \"Mistress Sara and young master Jack are here madam,\" Mrs. Danvers said coming back in. \"Yes, thank you Danny.\" Adelaide said curtly. \"Come Rebecca,\" she said leading the young girl down the stairs. Rebecca stared at the young man at the foot of the stairs. He had black hair that was slick back with dark brown eyes. He was looking up at her with awe and adoration; it made Rebecca want to die of laughter right then and there. \"Jack,\" she said using her sweet and loving tone. She walked up to her cousin and kissed his cheek. She giggled when he turned bright red. \"It's been so long cousin. You hardly ever come and see me.\" Jack swallowed visibly. \"I've never received a formal invitation to do so Ms. Rebecca.\" Rebecca let out a peal of laughter. \"Dear Jack, you are my favorite cousin. There's no need for formalities.\" She saw her mother beaming out of the corner of her eye. \"We are taking tea in the drawing room,\" her mother said to Rebecca's aunt. Tea was an amusing time for Rebecca. Every chance she caught Jack staring at her, she would smile her charming smile causing him to blush and quickly look away. She thought for a moment how childish he looked; he a boy of eighteen; she was only sixteen. \"Mother,\" she said after a long moment of silence. \"May I please go out into the garden?\" Her mother gave her an incredulous look. \"Alone?\" \"No.\" She turned towards her cousin. \"Jack will accompany me.\" Jack gave a quick nod and stood up, eager to get a moment alone with Rebecca. \"That sounds like a splendid idea,\" her aunt Sara said with a smile. \"I agree. Why don't you show him around the estate Rebecca?\" said her mother. \"Of course mother,\" Rebecca said layering her tone thick with sweetness. She walked out of the room with Jack following her close behind. \"Dear sweet Jack, how long has it been since you last came here?\" Rebecca asked when they were out in the gardens. \"Two years.\" \"Ah yes. It was my fourteenth birthday wasn't it?\" \"Yes...it was.\" She smiled and walked through the gardens, not paying any attention to the roses. \"It seems the roses are really in bloom this year,\" Jack commented. \"Hm?\" she said turning towards him. \"Oh...it seems they are,\" she said uninterested. She turned her back and kept walking. \"Are you not fond of roses?\" \"Of course not. Never really cared for them. I prefer lilies.\" \"I'll keep that in mind,\" Jack said awkwardly. Rebecca giggled then led him back into the mansion and they walked up the stairs to Rebecca's room. \"You've never seen my room have you?\" she said. Jack only shook his head. She gave a wicked grin and walked into her bedroom She sat down on her bed and Jack followed suit. \"Jack? Remember when you were last here, you promised me once I turned sixteen, you would give me my first kiss?\" \"D-did I?\" he stammered. She nodded innocently, swinging her legs back and forth as if she was six years old again. \"Well I'm sixteen now.\" \"I know you are.\" She gave a devilish smile. \"Are you going to break your promise?\" Jack hesitated then leaned over to kiss her on the cheek; but Rebecca turned so that his lips would land on hers. She wrapped her arms around his neck pulling him closer. Jack was hesitant at first, but slowly he found himself pulling her closer to his body, tangling his fingers in her long hair. She pulled away from him for a moment. \"You truly are my favorite cousin,\" she whispered. \"And why do you say that?\" She giggled falling down onto her back, pulling him with. \"You'll find out soon,\" she said playfully before pulling him into another kiss. Later that night, Rebecca sat in her chair while Danny got her ready for bed. The young girl could not stop laughing. \"It was so easy Danny. All I had to do was use sweet words and give him what he wanted,\" she said between laughing. \"He kept whispering that he loved me and other boring things.\" Danny rested her hand on Rebecca's shoulder. \"Did I not tell you that you would capture the hearts of men?\" Rebecca smirked. \"Jack was easy Danny, he was already in love with me...I wonder...could I have any man I want?\" \"With your bewitching beauty, I do not doubt it.\" \"I hate them all Danny. All men. They have no true purpose in life but to be toys to a woman's pleasure. My father is a worthless brute and Jack is my toy. How I hate them Danny!\" she said giggling like a mad woman. Danny kneeled before her mistress. \"Rebecca, I have no doubt that you can enchant any man with your smile.\" Rebecca raised an eyebrow thoughtfully. \"I think it's something that I should definitely try. After all, didn't mother tell me that I had to do anything I could to get social status?\" \"She did.\" \"You are not to breathe a word of any of this to either her or to my father Danny. Not if you want to see the light of day.\" \"You have my word that I will take this to the grave.\" Rebecca smiled once again. \"Any man I want,\" she said as an after thought. ~Years Later~ Rebecca stood before the bishop in her pure white wedding dress. She found it ironic that she would be wearing white. \"And do you take this man to be your husband to love only him forever until death do you part?\" Rebecca gave her enchanting smile and turned towards the warm blue eyes of Max de Winter. \"I do,\" she whispered. Only him forever? Don't make me laugh. ","Summary":" First fan fiction. Please R/R. I always wondered why Rebecca was the way she was. This is just my i"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Ben's Infamous Discovery","Author":"Chelsfanfiction","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5987856","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He sat in his usual spot, right in front of the fireplace. He sat at an angel so that the fire would not burn his face. He remembered what his father always told him \"Don't sit to close to the fire, Benjamin. It can hurt your eyes and burn your bottom.\" Ben move away from the fire a few inches nodding his head at the chair that was his fathers but had now been empty for far too many years to count. It was a shame that Ben was left with no family but the de Winter's, or rather Maxim de Winter and Frank Crawley, they cared for him, made sure he kept out of trouble, made sure he was able to live independently without fear of being committed. He never knew how his father worried for him if something happened to die before his son. \"It's not far!\" Ben's father said sharply one night when Mr. de Winter asked him to have a drink with him, one drink turned into a few and a few soon turned into conversations. \"Just because he isn't perfect and doesn't remember everything that he should is no reason to call him crazy and lock him away for the rest of his live!\" He tossed back the drink Mr. de Winter just refilled. He shook the empty bottle. Mr. de Winter tossed his back as well. \"For as long as I live no one shall ever take Ben away from Manderly.\" He stood as he went to get another bottle. \"And I any Son of a Bitch to come in here and try and take away that sweet young man that I played with as a child. Hell, we and I still go hunting for frogs if he catches me on my early morning walks with Jasper, he kept us from catching anything.\" He poured the liquor into the decanter. Heartfelt laughter filled the room. Ben sat spinning his yarn into a tight ball when he suddenly heard the gunshot. He knew he wasn't supposed to look, that she would send him away just like she promised. She could do anything, he thought to himself. He sat for a long time rocking back and forth remembering her promise but the child in his mind wanted to see what had happened. He slowly crept out of his cottage and moved along the tree line, hiding in the shadows, inching his way to her cottage. He could only see where he was when the lightning flashed, since the storm covered the moon. \"I won't tell no one.\" Ben whispered over and over again as he leaned against the cottage and peeked in through the window. He did not see anyone but he heard movement coming from around the cottage and he nearly screamed when Mr. de Winter. \"Hello, Ben.\" He panted, smiling at him. \"Hello, sir.\" He looked down at him and saw that he was all wet and couldn't help the laughter that started deep in chest. \"You all wet, sir.\" He chirped happily. Mr. de Winter relaxed and even laughed himself. \"I am completely soaked, Ben.\" He agreed. \"Come my cottage, nice fire going dry your pants in a just a few minutes.\" Ben gestured towards his cottage. \"That is very kind of you, Ben. Thank you.\" He gestured for Ben to lead the way. Excited that the master of the house was going to grace his little home he practically ran there. \"I'll dry you up in no time, sir.\" Ben told him as he took off Mr. de Winter's suit jacket. Again he laughed, \"your shirt looks kind of red.\" He turned around and hung the jacket on the hanger safely above the fire. It's soul purpose of drying drenched clothes quickly. \"Do you have a robe, Ben, so I can toss my pants up there too and not walk around your home in my underwear?\" He took off his pants while he spoke, he tossed them to Ben and made himself at home and easily found his robe. He sat in Ben's father's chair and removed his socks and shoes. Ben happily held out his hands for them and put them in a proper spot for drying. \"You wont be forced to be here for very long at all, I promise.\" Ben said as he sat on his knees in front of his landlord. \"It's a pleasure to be with you, Ben, your my old friend. It's always wonderful to be with an old friend.\" He relaxed in the chair and closed his eyes tightly as Ben laughed and jumped up and down a little in his excitement of his long time friend being with him. Being happy to be with him, not being mean or threatening to put him in the asylum. \"You're not like the other one.\" Ben said softly to himself while his eyes slowly looked around the room to make sure she wasn't there. \"The other who, Ben?\" He whispered. \"de Winter. She's eyes like a snake, she'll put me in the asylum she said. I won't say nothin', I haven't said nothin'.\" He look pleadingly to his friend for understanding. \"You've done nothing wrong, Ben. As for the other one, Ben, she won't be here to threaten to put you away any more.\" His voice was deep and shaky. His face was dark, hidden behind the fire's shadow. Ben looked over at the pink stained shirt and socks. \"She try to put you in the asylum?\" Ben asked with sympathy. \"She did.\" He admitted softly. \"You find another one, a sweet, kind one with eyes like an angel.\" Ben smiled softly at him. \"She can't stop you no more. She's a nasty one, she is. But I won't say nothing to no one.\" \"You don't have to explain the actions of others, Ben. Don't worry about not saying anything, it's perfectly fine.\" His hand was on Ben's shoulder and been took great comfort from the warmth, it reminded him of his father. \"Ben...\" he started slowly, clearing his throat. \"I don't know nothin' sir, I saw nothin'. They can ask me anything but I say I don't no nothin' and don't say nothin' to nobody.\" Ben said hurriedly, almost scared, he felt Mr. de Winter wanted to share the secret with him about the evil woman and the red clothes but he didn't need to hear it. \"Thank you, Ben.\" He said, rising slowly. \"Do you think my clothes are dry? I should get back to the house incase I am missed.\" \"Yes, sir.\" Ben said pulling down the shirt and the pants first. \"The shoes are still wet some.\" Ben said carefully handing them to him. \"I'll take care of it. Thank you, Ben, for your hospitality. It's nice to have a talk with you. You always light up and your tongue isn't so tied you can hardly speak. Thank you.\" Mr. de Winter smiled at Ben before his disappeared into the night. After several minutes Ben went outside, he didn't see anyone so he made his way back to the cottage. He went to where he heard the noise when Mr. de Winter found him, he saw that the dingy was in the shed but not her boat, it was gone. He then went to the cottage and slowly opened the door. The floor was extremely wet but other than that everything seemed to be where it was supposed to. \"But her.\" He said. \"She's gone. She'll be eaten by the fishes.\" Ben slowly made his way back to his cottage. \"I saw nothin'.\" He repeated. ","Summary":" He sat in his usual spot, right in front of the fireplace. He sat at an angel so that the fire woul"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Mrs Danvers, the Faithful Servant","Author":"Pendragon2601","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6788108","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey, This is a really short story that I thought of writing considering I'm reading the book for my English Literature course. I was just wondering what Mrs Danvrs thought about the narrator when she first arrived at Manderley. Please tell me what you think because I would appreciate the help. (We have to do a creative writing piece from Rebecca's point of view at the time of her death.) Hopefully I'll write that on here as well and see what you think. :) Enjoy! (Hopefully.) Mrs Danvers, the Faithful Servant As I organised the servants for the arrival of Mr de Winter, I began to wonder what was going to happen at Manderley now that he had a new wife. I was disgusted. He was disrespecting the memory of his late wife. He should be mourning for the rest of his life at the loss. But no, instead he goes off and finds another wife. This is heresy! Here we stood in front of the house, all in line in our uniforms, waiting for the sound of Mr de Winter's vehicle coming up the road. It was a bright sunny day with white fluffy clouds and a bright blue sky, but somehow it felt as if some kind of shadow was falling across Manderley as the time went by. There was just something in the air, something…foreboding. Something is going to erupt quite soon. Very soon in fact, I think. A low grumbling sound began to rumble up the driveway. I turned my head hoping to catch a glimpse of this new trollop who Mr de Winter thinks is going to be the new Mrs de Winter. She will never be Mrs de Winter. She will never be my mistress; I will never serve her willingly. She looked like a small, a wimpy, willowy schoolgirl, no doubt. She seemed like Mr de Winter's shadow, clinging to his side like a chimp clinging to its mother. The late Mrs de Winter never clung to Mr de Winter's side. She had a very bold, warming personality that lit up the room like a flame on a candle. She was so nice to the servants as well, especially to me. She always wanted me to brush her hair for her, only me. And I never did it unwillingly. She would always call to me, \"Danny! Time to brush my hair.\" And I would take up her brush and run it through her beautiful black hair for twenty minutes at a time. I loved that time we spent together, servant and mistress. I felt special to her, like I was the only one that mattered to her. I miss her so much. Mr de Winter got out of the vehicle and headed over to Frith, the butler here at Manderley, and I watched as Mrs de Winter tottered after him like a faithful Labrador. Or maybe more like that lolloping mutt, Jasper, which I've seen running through here like a stray. If only the late Mrs de Winter was here. She would surely put everything right. Return Manderley back to its former glory. Well, if Mrs de Winter wasn't here to do it herself, then I shall surely do it for her. I was going to make sure Mrs de Winter's memory was never forgotten. I was going to make the new Mrs de Winter's life hell if it was the last thing I would do. And I'd do it all for her. I would do it all for my Mrs de Winter. ","Summary":" Hey, This is a really short story that I thought of writing considering I'm reading the book for my"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Perfectly Ordinary","Author":"Chinaberry","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4278588","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: WOOREBECCAFIC. PARTY. BREAK Today is going to be a perfectly normal, utterly mundane day. I knew when I woke up (for I always wake before he does) that today, like every day for the last ten years, because the sky was a beautiful robin's-egg blue, dotted with a few threatening clouds that would threaten but never release the waiting rain, just like it had been the day before, and the day before that; because the sea was a delicate grey-blue that almost reminded me of England. Not the sea near that place , naturally, but like the sea near where I grew up, the sea of my girlhood. The sky wasn't as beautiful as the deep, deep blue it had been in the Loire river valley, and the sea had been far lovelier out the window of our sun-washed hotel on the Adriatic, but that was what made it so perfect. It was ordinarily beautiful. It was perfectly normal . I could come to like this anonymous inn in this anonymous Belgian village by the sea, just as I've come to like the inns and hotels and sometimes small bungalows that I have before. When we stay in the bungalows, of course, I sometimes wonder if perhaps, once, here stood a great house with expansive lawns and an army of servants, but I say nothing. I never say anything, not about the time that came before. Not about that place. But the inn in Belgium, yes. I could come to like it. But, like always, as soon as I think I may come to love it, we move once again. I don't hold it against him. He doesn't like to stay in the same place for so very long. I would so dearly, dearly love to settle. I wouldn't care where. We could take a townhouse, in some small city on the Continent, or perhaps a country house. I would not honestly care if we lived in a hovel, were we together, and settled, and as happy as we ever shall be. We would have our little routines, just like we do now; we would take our meals exactly on time, we would have our china tea with bread-and-butter and sometimes fruit, just as we do now. Perhaps, perhaps, if it happens soon and I am not so very far past being in my prime for that sort of thing, perhaps we might have the passel of boys that I have always wanted. But of course we shall not. He doesn't wish to settle. Not now. I think he is afraid that if we stay too long in one place the ghosts shall catch up with us. They always trail us, wherever we go. The longer we stay, the more frequent are his lapses, the times that he shuts me out and must do battle with the past. That is when he must move, and I am bound to follow. So I rejoice in this ordinary, mundane, normal day. So I rejoice, and I keep those hopes that will only eat at me and fester like a mold, because there is nothing more malignant than an unfulfilled hope, at bay. I rejoice in this ordinary day, because after what we have gone through, don't we deserve a day that is excellently, hope-crushingly, beautifully, mundanely, perfectly ordinary? BREAK AN: ... that was fun, actually. Written in half an hour or so, edited for another ten minutes. I should do this more often. ","Summary":" AN: WOOREBECCAFIC. PARTY. BREAK Today is going to be a perfectly normal, utterly mundane day. I kne"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Magdelene, Maxims true love","Author":"melpomene13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3026898","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Magdalene (I do not own rebecca or its characters. The character of mrs danvers is based on the Dame Judith Anderson version) No flames please , this is my first try at fanfics It was one year since his beloved Manderly had burned to the ground. Maxim deWinter turned away from the window and sat down on the sofa. His new housekeeper had entered the room. \"Mister dewinter! She cried in that awful squeaky voice of hers. \"The two gold candlesticks in the morning room have been, I fear, at this she paused then squawked stolen! \" Maxim rolled his eyes and said \"my dear Mrs. Greer if you had looked a little farther then the end of your nose you would have noticed that the candlesticks are sitting right here on the coffee table.\" \"Oh', she murmured then she curtseyed and went out. Maxim leaned back and smiled. How very different Mrs. Greer was from Mrs. Danvers. Mrs. Greer was short fat and easily excited. And she had that awful squeaky voice! Mrs. Danvers had been very different. She was tall slender very calm Her voice was very soft. Max had always considered her as being rather catlike. She could walk without being heard her face in a way had reminded him of cats. Well he thought no use thinking about her now, Mrs. Danvers was dead. She had died in the fire at Manderly. Or had she? He often wondered about that. Lucy dewinter, maxims second wife entered the room. He glanced up at her maxim she said I am going to ask you something rather important. \"Alright, he said, \"even though I know what you are going to ask.\" \"Alright then, said Lucy Tell me what I am going to ask you.\" \"You are going to tell me you feel trapped that you don't love me any more and then you are going to ask me for a divorce, right? \" \"Well yes\" she murmured and \"what is your answer max'? \"If you want a divorce get a divorce.\" It was six months since he and Lucy were separated Maxim had decided to visit what was left of Manderly. He was surveying the charred remains of his boyhood home when he heard a soft velvety voice behind him say \"It's a mess isn't it?\" He whirled around and there behind him stood the last person he thought he would ever see. It was Mrs. Danvers. When maxim opened his eyes he found himself lying under a tree. \"Where am I?\" He said. \"You fainted\" said Mrs. Danvers \"I think perhaps the sun may have affected you.\" At the sound of her voice, he jumped. \"I thought you were dead\" said maxim She smiled \"no I am very much alive\" Her skin was tanned from the sun and her hair which had once been very long was now only shoulder length. \"Well how in the world did you escape the fire?\" He asked \"The last time we saw you, you were in Rebecca's room and then the house fell in. when the house went I figured you went with it.\" She shook her head. \"When the house fell in I jumped through the window onto the beach.\" Weren't you burned?\" \"Yes she said but I am alive and alright now. I have been living in the cottage next to the boat house\" He studied her \"why did you burn my house?\" He demanded \"I was forced at gun point then dragged to Rebecca's room and locked in.\" \"Who forced you at gun point?\" max stepped toward her. she shook her head firmly . He grabbed her shoulders and began to shake her. \"Who forced you\" he growled. \"I won't tell you\" she cried \"he'll kill me.\" \"Who Mrs. Danvers why wont you tell me?\" She would not answer Then she began to cry. \"Now' said max taking her in his arms \"lets have none of that now.\" \"You can trust me.\" I won't tell, who forced you at gunpoint?\" She was quiet for a moment, and then putting her head down on his shoulder murmured \"jack favell\" Max frowned Rebecca's cousin the one who had accused him of murdering Rebecca. He must have come back here after the trial and then had Mrs. Danvers burn the place down and then tried to kill her as well so there would be no one who could accuse him of black mail. \"Look here\" he said gently \"when was the last time you had a decent meal?\" She shrugged \"I've been living off of nuts and berries.\" \"Come on then\" he said leading her to the car. Now, even that had been almost a year ago. Max had to admit he had fallen very much in love with Mrs. Danvers. She had told him her first name was Magdalene, but he called her Maggie. One day max and Maggie were walking down town when they stopped at a very pretty park. And there he proposed to her. But she said no. \"maxim, its not that I don't love you, I do but I can't marry you.\" \"Why not\" he asked. \"Because, I'm dying\". Then she stood up and ran from him. After waiting a few days Maxim tried to call her but her phone line was dead So he decided to go to her apartment. When he got there he found her standing by the window she turned to look at him and he went and stood beside her \"Maggie what is wrong with you?\" he asked. She stared up at him and then fell forward into his arms, dead. ","Summary":" Magdalene (I do not own rebecca or its characters. The character of mrs danvers is based on the Dam"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Rebecca Prologue","Author":"BloodofthePen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6548009","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My hands shook uncontrollably as I washed away the blood in the black waters of the shingled cove. Her blood. It ran into the icy liquid with little whorls, dissipating quickly in wispy clouds. I had finally done it—provided the 'accident' I had wanted since the day I married her. My hands must have left the sea on their own, for at that moment my thoughts were interrupted by the sensation of needles stabbing at my fingers and palms by mental state continued to sink and overtook the sensation; I barely felt anything. I could hardly wrap my mind about any thought. I killed her. I killed Rebecca. My head turned instinctively away from my fingers and toward the dim outline of Manderley in the distance. Manderley… my Manderley… The very reason I had bowed before Rebecca's every whim. I had turned the other cheek and a blind eye each time she took her leave to go to London and sleep with any that would have her. The only cause of biting my tongue for so long when that witch began bringing her guests to the boathouse. But now we were free. I was free. Manderley was free. Perhaps we were both forever changed, but we were free of her lies and poisonous affairs. My back stiffened when a shuffling gait shattered the silent ravings of my thoughts. Oh my God. Someone witnessed it. Someone knows I— I spun around, coming face-to-face with Ben. Ben could… what if— \"She… she ain't comin' back no more… is she?\" I drew a shaking breath—how much did Ben see? \"No. No, Ben,\" I said carefully, \"She'll never bother anyone again.\" Ben nodded slowly. \"I reckon the fish'll get her now. All'a that blood oughta draw'm in… no… she won't bother anybody with the asylum… they cruel to them people in there.\" I could stand it no longer; Ben had seen. \"Ben!\" I hissed, grasping his shoulders, glaring into his blank eyes, \"Ben, you must never tell anyone of what you have seen here!\" \"Eh?\" \"Ben, if you don't listen to me now, by God, I'll lock you in the bloody asylum myself! Now you must never speak to anyone of this!\" \"No, please!\" he begged, his eyes wide with panic, \"Not the asylum… they cruel there… them people horrible…\" \"Then promise !\" I hissed, shaking him. \"You must never speak to anyone about what happened tonight! You can stay here as long as you say nothing of this!\" \"I ain't sayin' nuthin'… nuthin'…\" I finally released Ben's shoulders, my fingers stiff. \"I'm going to Manderley now. I was never here, Ben, you hear? …I was never here.\" \"Eh?\" grunted Ben, continuing to shuffle down the beach. My feet staggered to Manderley on their own. I straightened my clothing before the front door, checking for bloodstains, seawater, anything that would give me away. I killed her. I killed Rebecca. I made it to my room without any recollection of the trip up the stairs. I changed into my nightclothes with a strange calm, avoiding the dark window and trying not to hear the angry roar of the ocean. Instead, a nervous rap at my door interrupted the water's hiss. I decided to be practical, quelling the fear rising in my chest. The commissaire could not have arrived yet. I opened the door a crack. It was Mrs. Danvers. The only missing piece of my alibi. She would be the one to figure it out—I couldn't hide forever. \"I'm worried about Rebecca,\" she said quietly, \"There's a storm brewing outside, and she said she was going sailing…\" \"I am sure she will be fine. Rebecca is a good sailor; she's probably just going to spend the night down there to avoid the storm. Now, if you will excuse me, my trip today has left me very exhausted.\" I shut the door dismissively, simultaneously turning the key in the lock. The angry roar of the sea just outside my window was deafening. I killed her. I killed Rebecca. I wandered shakily to my bed, slipping carefully under the sheets, avoiding any glance toward her bed. A sickening chill descended upon me. I shivered. A clap of thunder shook the foundations of the house. Or perhaps my room only. I would swear I heard a cold, cruel laugh. A viper's smile across her lips. Her eyes cold, triumphant. I did not sleep all night. I killed her. I killed Rebecca. Before the sun began to creep above the horizon, I was out of bed again, and dressed, too, before I could register a single thought. Soon I stood in the darkness of the library, waiting for the chill to seep into my very being. Staring. Her cold eyes just kept staring. This time it took three shrill sounds before I realized—the telephone was ringing. I swallowed the lump in my throat and took it off the receiver. \"Where the Hell is Rebecca?\" hissed a voice I knew only too well in my ear. I was silent for a moment. \" Well? \" growled Jack Favell. \"She's not at the boathouse? That is where she told Mrs. Danvers she would be last night.\" The quaver that may have accompanied my voice was nonexistent. Was I truly upset about murdering her? \"No. I arrived there at three in the morning to visit her, and found her gone!\" \"Perhaps she went sailing. You know how much she loves it.\" \"No. She would have been back.\" \"I will send someone to fetch her, then.\" \"You had better. Have her cal me when you find her, Max,\" Favell hissed, and cut the connection. I set down the phone on the receiver with a shaking hand. They would not find anything. I killed her. I killed Rebecca. I rang for Frith and he sent Robert out to find her. I sat wearily in my chair before a blazing orange flame. Had Frith lit it before he left? There was no longer any time. No sense at all. I just kept staring into the flames. Just staring. A log collapsed with a crackle and shower of red embers, flowing through the air like her blood. Oh, so much blood. \"SIR! MR. DEWINTER!\" My head turned slowly, just glimpsing Robert as he fumbled with the doorknob, tripping over himself and the carpet to reach me. \"M—Mr. deWinter!\" he panted. \"R-Rebecca—she… the boat… they're gone! They—in the storm… nowhere to be found… she—!\" Frith appeared at his shoulder, looking composed but for his wild eyes. \"Sir, it is true. Your wife is nowhere to be seen. Her boat, too, is gone! She… sir. In the storm last night, she must have drowned.\" My mouth went dry. What was I to say? What any man in deep mourning would. \"Is… are you certain?\" \"Yes, sir. I am afraid so.\" \"Make arrangements, then, Frith. A search. But… I need to be alone now.\" Frith and Robert inclined their heads, creeping silently out the library door. My hands shook again, and I stood, pacing, in front of the fire. They wouldn't find anything. There would be no divers—not for a small yacht and its captain, even if she were the deceased Mrs. deWinter. I covered my trail… and Ben… well… they would not talk to him about it. There was no need for witnesses, for as far as they were concerned, there was no crime. A yacht lost at sea, that's all it was. The fire crackled again, hissing as another log collapsed into the ashes. I killed her. I killed Rebecca. There was no body. They would find nothing. I would simply be required to give a speech, have a funeral, and it would be over. Mrs. Danvers would have to stay. If I threw her out now… it would be too bloody suspicious. All I had to do was last two weeks, maybe more, and this business would be over. I turned, stopping to face the hearth. A single vase of white azaleas laughed at me, glaring at me with their flawless sheen. No. I would never be free. As soon as this was over, I would have to leave Manderley. Go away on an extended holiday because I just could not stand this sudden loss. No one would look at me twice for doing it. My shoulders shook with silent, bitter laughter. Rescue Manderley and then flee it. Rebecca, you are a bloody lovely piece of work. Kill you and lose. Lose it all anyway. Her cold eyes glared at me, reveling in her success even in death. A shadow of dread crept over me. Rebecca would win no matter how far I go. Her wicked laugh, the resounding shot, the crimson rivers ravenously descended upon my thoughts. I killed her. I killed Rebecca. And I still lost. ","Summary":" My hands shook uncontrollably as I washed away the blood in the black waters of the shingled cove. "},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"The Devil's Demise","Author":"Pendragon2601","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6838999","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, This story is actually for my English Literature coursework but I thought, since it's a \"recreative writing piece\" that I'd put it up on here to see what you think before I have to edit it to 500 words and stick an analysis on it. The examiners are so cruel. So tell me what you think, I'd really love to know. :) It may not seem like my own writing style because it was supposed to be written in Du Maurier's style, oh and its Bookverse as well. Hope you like it, please review. Enjoy! The Devil's Demise Last night I dreamt of my life in Manderley. In my dream I was happy. I was sat before my mirror in my room, listening to the ocean waves crashing against the rocks and smelling the sweet, salty sea air as it wafted through my window in to the room. Danny was brushing my hair with my brush in her gentle hands as she slowly ran it through my hair. She always complimented me, \"Oh Mrs de Winter, you have such lovely soft hair! It's like silk satin.\" I smiled at her but didn't answer. She didn't mind not getting an answer back because I already knew. She complimented me about my hair every day. I closed my eyes and listened to the call of the sea, feeling like I was on cloud nine. The dream ended there. I wished it could've gone on longer. That way I wouldn't have to face my reality. Despite my horrid and quite frankly inconvenient marriage to Maxim I had a nice life. I had loyal servants who hung on my every word and adored me. Oh Danny, if only you knew you foolish old bat. If only you knew what I was going through, what my struggle was doing to me but ha! You're just like the rest. I strolled calmly through the valley casting my gaze on the calm, carefree nature as the storm clouds rolled in from overhead like an oncoming army of raindrops and thunder and lightning. Dark shadows creep in like a monster consuming and gorging itself on everything, leaving behind twisted elms and squat oaks. The shadows began to follow me, step for step like a prowling cat stalking its prey. I hurried my pace, not wanting the rain to ruin my hair. Well, when they finally bury me, I want to still look as beautiful as I am now. I rush down to the boathouse on the shore to wait out the first spatters of icy rain, slipping and skidding on jagged rocks, clutching on to thin air as I stumbled along the beach. I slammed the door open desperately, sighing in relief that I had escaped the pummelling rain. Looking out on the beach and the rain, I smiled and closed the door firmly. I was in my sanctuary. Nothing or no one could stop me doing anything I wanted in here. Not Favell. Not Maxim. No one. The grandfather clock in the corner chimed eleven. Dong! Dong! Dong! It felt like the sound was taunting me. Death! Death! Death! It was like it knew, like the grandfather clock knew my secret. I lit a cigarette to calm myself. It was silly. How could a silly little object know my secret? Stupid. The smoke filled the air and I inhaled the toxic scent. I wonder if I'll be able to die quickly when the time comes. Would death be painful? I cast my gaze over by the mirror in the corner and decided to sit before it. They used to say in my childhood that I had very beautiful eyes, but also the most tormenting eyes. Like the Devil's, they used to say. Damn them! Damn those hypocritical witches that did this to me. If they thought I was the devil-made-flesh then that is because they made me that way! I took a soothing breath and lit another cigarette to calm myself. I'll be rid of them all soon one way or another, I told myself. I didn't want to die a long death. The quicker my death, the quicker I'll get to see my father. I stood and looked out through the window to the sea. I wish I was out there now, out in a boat with no troubles to harass me. Just me, a boat and the sea. The Vikings were so inventive to sail their dead companions out to sea on a burning ship. Just imagine, sailing for the rest of eternity. Now, that is heaven right there. I wonder if I'll be able to sail forever. The door slammed open with a crack, causing me to jump slightly in surprise. Maxim stood in the doorway, his eyes wide with rage and his posture stiff and rigid against a background of rain and lightning striking the rocks on the beach. He seemed like a feral, wild animal that had been set loose to wreak havoc; like he had been a dog that had turned back to bite his owner on the hand after being beaten too many times. He must know about my latest rendezvous with Favell then. The fool. I wonder what he's thinking. Is he upset? Does he feel betrayed? I shouldn't think so considering we mean nothing to each other. What would he do, I wonder? Would he burn the boathouse and all of my possessions to punish me? Would he hit me? What would he do? A light flashed outside followed by a deafening crack. The storm was close, getting closer with every minute. I pulled out another cigarette and lit it, blowing the smoke in to the air. I didn't care for Maxim to be here. I didn't care for much anymore. Everything seemed like the cigarette smoke, floating and rising in to the air. Soon it will be out of sight. He began to rant and nag like an old hag then and for the most part I blocked him out. \"You know the conditions,\" he said. I sighed inwardly, refraining from the urge to roll my eyes. \"I've kept my end of our dirty, damnable bargain, haven't I? But you've cheated. You think you can treat my house and my home like your own sink in London. I've stood enough, but my God, Rebecca, this is your last chance.\" Was he trying to threaten me? My God, he was! This was laughable. I stubbed out my cigarette, stood and stretched my arms above my head. \"You're right, Max,\" I sighed. \"It's time I turned over a new leaf.\" I decided to taunt him. Dr Baxter said that I didn't have much longer to live anyway. I might as well have a bit of fun before I go. \"Have you ever thought how damned hard it would be for you to make a case against me? In a court of law, I mean. If you wanted to divorce me,\" I chuckled quietly. \"Do you realise that you've never had a shred of proof against me, from the very first? All your friends, even the servants, believe our marriage to be a success.\" I turned to watch his reaction. His mouth was hanging open in disgust. He asked about Frank and Beatrice, as if those bints could hold any evidence against me. Ha! I laughed out loud at the incredulous thought. I told him that he still had no proof. \"If I had a child, Max,\" I said, \"neither you, nor anyone in the world, would ever prove that it was not yours. It would grow up here in Manderley, bearing your name. There would be nothing you could do. And when you died Manderley would be his. You would not be able to prevent it.\" I lit a cigarette, the last one in my possession and most likely going to ever be in my possession, and smiled. \"And no one would ever guess, no one would ever know!\" I turned around to smile at him and I heard a bang ! They say that when you die, you don't really feel the pain of it until seconds later. The shock of it numbs you at first and then it slowly grows on you. There were dark shadows from all around the boathouse closing in on me, like the shadows outside in the Happy Valley that ate everything. It was suffocating me. I could feel the shuddering palpitations of my heart as it tried to beat against the bullet. The world was getting colder, but I felt warm. I felt the warmest I had felt in years. It seemed like I was back in my father's arms, hugging me like he did when I was a child. With a final look at Maxim, I grew content. Oh, the fool. Even if he has killed me, Manderley would never forget me. And nor would he. ","Summary":" Hello, This story is actually for my English Literature coursework but I thought, since it's a \"re"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Rebecca DrablePain","Author":"thunderball10","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4438887","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rebecca Drable-Pain It was anrainy afternoon at Manderley.I was inside the library, watching thenrain pour against the windows… I was thinking. Thinking of all thenproblems Maxim hadnto deal with of the previous wife-Rebecca.Thinking of all the worriesnhe had to endure with her deceiving ways. Thinking of all the pain henfelt from her.nMy God did he deserve that? Suddenly, I heard my name being called,itnwas Maxim. \"What are you doing?\" He asked me as he walked towardsnme. \"Nothing, just thinking.\" I answered. I turned around and lookedninto his beautiful dark eyes. He seemed to stare into mine as well.nThen without saying a word I putnmy arms around him. He did the same as well to me.Maxim,oh Maxim. Mynconfidente,my soulmate,my husband. I love him,and I will do anythingnto keep himnhappy. I don't want him to deal with the pain anymore. Because painnwithout love is hard to endure. ","Summary":" Rebecca Drable-Pain It was anrainy afternoon at Manderley.I was inside the library, watching thenra"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Never Look Back","Author":"Voldemort Willeatyou","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5115923","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I wrote this for a school assignment, and, considering it is literally a fanfiction, I decided to post it so I am now eligble to be an official beta. Now, for ye old lucky ones to have been spared having to read Rebecca by Daphne du Maurier (it took me six or seven tries to read it through), if you're ever planning on reading the book, spoiler-free, don't read this. So this happens before the book starts, this guy called Maxim is murdering his wife, Rebecca. She's beautiful, and talented, but he hates her because she 'doesn't love anyone' and has six or seven affairs. She's just told him she's pregnant with Favell (this guy Maxim hates, and also Rebecca's cousin, so it's incest)'s baby. This means that, since they don't have any kids, this boy, who isn't even his, will inherit everything once he dies, including his property, 'Manderley', which he likes a hell of a lot more than he likes Rebecca. Whoa. Sounds like an episode of Neighbours or something, huh? Oh, and it's kind of set in early 20th century England. Well, actually, I don't know. They have telephones. And she stood there, with that little smile on her face. She knew she'd won. For once and for all, she'd won. What could I do? Her little son would grow up and old in Manderley, my beloved Manderley, with not a drop of de Winter blood running through his veins. He would look like her, with a nose or mouth or eyes like Favell's, a beautiful and charming boy, with a thousand girls pining over him in the village. The thought of it was enough to make one sick. There was only one thing for me to do. My hand rose at my side, of its own accord, the gun clenched in my fist. My thumb released the safety catch, slowly, surely. And there she was, smiling her winners' smile, as my finger pulled the trigger. She didn't drop to the floor, clutching at her chest with one last gurgled breath as expected. She stood there, for a moment, with a crimson stain, curiously like the rhododendrons she had planted down the drive, spreading across her chest. Her shirt wasn't white now; it was dark, dark red, with a small round hole above her heart. And then slowly, so very slowly, she keeled over, the smile of a winner still fixed in place. Then, Rebecca was no more. She lay on the floor like that, her dark, empty eyes staring up at the ceiling as a pool of blood spread from beneath her. Yet she smiled still, as though she had won. I stood there, for a moment or two, like a statue, for I could not believe what I had done. I could not feel or hear or see anything other than Rebecca's two staring dead eyes and a single triumphant thought chanting through my mind, 'Rebecca is gone.' I knew this was wrong. I knew I should not feel like I am the victor, I should be shocked and horrified; I should go and turn myself into the police this instant. But somehow, along the way, Rebecca had blurred the lines between what was right and wrong, good and evil. I no longer knew, for sure, what was right. Was it such a sin kill, in protection of another? Surely, that is a valid excuse for murder, but not when the one protected is merely a house, with its plot of land. No, I would be sentenced to death, by the noose, most likely, were this ever to reach the ears of the Court of Law. I must hide her body. Dispose of it, where it will never be found. Should I bury her? Or, perhaps, burn the evidence? But surely I will be discovered by the time I have lit a bonfire, or dug a hole deep enough to hide the body. No, I must take out her boat, and sink it. It will look like a boating accident, a life taken by the cruel claw of the sea. No-one need ever suspect me of foul play. The carpet of the cottage was drenched in her blood, crimson and bright. I walked down to the water's edge, with a bucket, and filled it to the brim. It took me seven or more trips, back and forth, back and forth, to clear all that blood, as the sponge in my hand grew redder and redder. It was entirely dark by the time I had cleaned all the blood from that carpet. Her body still lay there, queer-looking, and pale, like a ghost. I lifted her, blood dripping from her body, over my shoulder. I prayed Ben was not about. How ironic it was, that her boat was called Je Reviens . I come back. Only this boat never would. I rowed out, on the dinghy, and the night was the darkest I'd ever seen. Not even the stars shone, obscured, as they were, by a thick blanket of black cloud. The sail would not hoist properly, and I could not see it very well, for it was so dark. I did the best I could, but it got stuck half-way. I realised too late that the wind was blowing the wrong way, and I was trapped in the cove. The boat was edging towards the rocks, and I knew I had to act quickly. Her body was in the cabin, and I drove a spike into the floor, once, twice, three times. Water rose from the holes, more quickly than I expected. I ran from the cabin, bolting the door and fleeing the sinking boat on her little dinghy. And I never looked back. ","Summary":" I wrote this for a school assignment, and, considering it is literally a fanfiction, I decided to p"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Rebecca's Story","Author":"Max Brown","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4398186","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is just a one-shot that I wrote for fun after reading the book, Rebecca , by Daphne Du Maurier. It is told from Rebecca's point of view on the night that she was killed. Disclaimer: Belongs to Daphne Du Maurier. Not me. I looked in my date book to see what was planned for the day. I knew already, but I always liked to double-check just in case. Just as I had thought, I was to see Doctor Baker. The pains were getting worse; I could feel it. After I got dressed I went to sit in the East Wing. \"Danny,\" I called out, \"Bring me my tea please.\" \"Of course, immediately, Mrs. de Winter,\" she replied eagerly. As I drank my tea I sorted through my mail. Nothing particularly interesting caught my eye, so I filed each one into the appropriate mail slot: letters unanswered, estate, or miscellaneous. I liked things to be organized; it made me anxious when they were not. I glanced at the clock as I finished my tea. It was time to go if I was to be on time. I was not really nervous; I just wanted to know what was wrong with me. I did not like being in the dark, especially when it was about my health. Maxim had left to see relatives, so he wouldn't know I had left the house. When I arrived at Doctor Baker's house I parked the car and knocked on the door. The doctor opened it. \"Mrs. Danvers?\" he asked. \"Yes,\" I replied, giving my fake name. \"I have the results of your x-rays,\" he began cautiously, as if wanting to keep information from me. \"I want to know the truth,\" I interjected, \"I don't want soft words and a bedside manner. If I'm in for it you can tell me right away.\" I didn't have time for this. Today was going to be a busy day, especially if I was going to see Favell. He took a deep breath. \"You have a fairly uncommon type of cancer and a malformation of the uterus, which means that you can never have children,\" he told me calmly. \"Would an operation be of any use?\" I asked. \"No. The pain will increase and in a few months you'll have to be under morphia. There's nothing we can do but wait.\" \"Thank you,\" I replied, \"That's all I needed to know.\" I paid my fee and left. Cancer. I had expected no less. I thought about what I was going to do in the time I had left as I drove. There were several possibilities. I could kill myself to end it sooner and avoid all the rest of the pain, but I quickly ruled that out. That would look cowardly, trying to avoid pain. Then it occurred to me: Max had been on edge recently. I had the feeling he was getting close to taking some sort of action against me. I didn't know what, but I might be able to speed it up. It couldn't hurt; I was already going to die. I knew one thing for sure; I was not going to tell him. Suddenly I realized what I had to do. Favell deserved to know. I turned the car around, heading for his house. When I got there I rang the doorbell several times impatiently. A servant answered the door. \"Is Favell home?\" I demanded. \"No, he's out fishing now. Shall I tell him you came by?\" she asked timidly. \"I'll leave a note for him,\" I replied. I went into the house and got a pen and paper. \"I'll spend the night at the cottage, and leave the door open for you. I've got something to tell you and I want to see you as soon as possible. Rebecca.\" I folded the paper into fourths and left it on his desk. This was inconvenient. Now I'd have to slip out at night when Max was there. I'd say I was out sailing; that would be inconspicuous enough. I drove back to Manderley, admiring the primroses and syringia. I was proud of my renovations of Manderley; it looked much more orderly and tasteful than the dingy, archaic place it had once been. I walked up the driveway and wished Favell was home. It didn't really matter; I just wanted his input on how he thought I should proceed. I didn't care whether I lived or died. My legacy would live on; I would not be forgotten, and I knew that. That's all I really cared about. The beautiful Rebecca, the smart and funny Rebecca, the courteous and elegant Rebecca, that's how people would always think of me. Even Max would not be able to change that. I sat down and began to answer some of the letters from earlier that morning. Jasper came up by the side of the armchair and I pet him as I assessed the room. I decided it needed new flowers so I went into the garden to find some that would look nice. Max came home late. He began to talk some nonsense about divorce. I reminded him that it would be next to impossible. \"All our friends, even the servants, believe our marriage to be a success.\" I laughed. I knew I had trapped him; he couldn't argue with my logic. \"I could get Danny, me personal maid, to swear anything I asked her to swear, in a court of law.\" Of course, she would be only too eager to help me with anything. That would make her happier than almost anything else she's done for me. \"If I had a child, Max,\" I began. This was fun. I could seriously worry him and he would never catch my bluff. \"Neither you, nor anyone in the world, would ever prove that it was not yours. It would grow up here in Manderley, bearing your name. There would be nothing you could do. And when you died, Manderley would be his.\" I could tell that he completely believed me and he could see that I was right. He was thinking hard to try to find a way out of it. It looked very funny. I started to laugh. This confused him, but I kept on laughing. I could do whatever I wanted, say whatever I wanted now, and it wouldn't matter. \"I'll be the perfect mother, Max, like I've been the perfect wife. And none of them will ever guess, none of them will ever know.\" I turned to face him. He was holding a gun aimed at me. I smiled slowly. This was perfect. He was going to kill me. He thought he was hurting me. He didn't know that in killing me he was saving me a great deal of pain, plus the trouble of killing myself which could ruin people's idea of me. He could kill me, but I would not die. Rebecca would live on, and he would never be able to escape from the memory of me. This would be quick, almost painless, as opposed to the weeks of torturous pain and suffering I had been anticipating. He had no idea that he was doing the opposite of what he intended. He was doing me a favor. I watched the tense, strained expression on his face, and then I saw no more. ","Summary":" This is just a one-shot that I wrote for fun after reading the book, Rebecca , by Daphne Du Maurier"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Better Left Unsaid","Author":"Ixidor Alucard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4262307","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm still surprised they found Rebecca. On second thought, that's not entirely accurate. After all I've expected something to go wrong, for Rebecca to be found, since I sank the boat. No, to be more precise I am surprised they found her now, of all times. It's been months since I remarried, but Rebecca returns now, right after a new Manderley party? Touché, my dear. No doubt you felt the Manderley party couldn't be without you making an appearance. How very, very like you, Rebecca. Now I'm faced with a horrible choice. My second wife is getting suspicious, showing signs she's starting to piece the puzzle together. But by the time she figures it out I may have already joined Rebecca. (Try not to think about how that meeting would go, old boy.) However, the alternative is that I tell her. But that way lies madness. What fool would want to stay by a murderer's side? What is there to be gained? And worse still, what if she goes to the police and tells them what she knows? Even now she might; she's certainly got something, if not the whole story. No, I need her, but how to gain her allegiance…? Unless… Surely she loves me, though by now she doubts my love for her. Would it not be prudent to simply confess my love for her and my hatred of Rebecca at the same time? Surely the joy of knowing for certain will keep her by me through this. Because quiet though the girl is, she possesses no particularly powerful intelligence, no shrewdness or deductive reasoning. She sees with her heart. She will believe I hated Rebecca. As I did. But she will also believe I love her if I but say so. She will never once doubt me as I whisper sweet nothings to her. She will not open her eyes…she will never realize that I have never truly loved her. ","Summary":" I'm still surprised they found Rebecca. On second thought, that's not entirely accurate. After all "},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"But Beyond","Author":"damariss","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3748293","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The De Winters property of Daphne Du Maurier Based mostly on the novel, not really the movie. ","Summary":" The De Winters property of Daphne Du Maurier Based mostly on the novel, not really the movie."},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Songe d'Automne","Author":"Thranduil Oropherion Redux","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6078237","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The names and situations herein belong to Daphne Du Maurier. I own none of it. Songe d'Automne Last night I dreamed I went to Monte Carlo again. At first it seemed to me that I looked down upon the city from a great height, and from my lofty vantage point I could see the bright southern sunlight glinting off the blue-green waters of the Mediterranean. I saw the yachts in the harbour with their gleaming brass fittings and their snapping pennants, the twisting cobbled streets through which I had once sped on the wings of Mercury with my Gentleman Unknown past a crooked house with a slit-like window high up beneath the tumbled roof on a day when the wind had been too gusty for sketching. Upon a closer look, it had all changed, somehow. Instead of the understated elegance of Maxim's Duesenberg or Mrs. Van Hopper's Daimler, the cars that filled the streets were all outlandish creations of flashy chrome and jutting tailfins. The men on the sidewalks were hatless; the women too, and all of them spoke too fast. Hotel Cote D'Azur is under new management now. The suite where I listened to endless dreary talk of bridge games and who planned to divorce whom, where I emptied ashtrays overflowing with lipstick-stained cigarette butts, has been broken up into smaller rooms. The room on the third floor where I sat watching Maxim shave on the morning before everything changed has also been redone to the tastes of a more modern age. I wonder what my life would be like if he had been a day later returning from Cannes? I almost certainly would have gone to New York with Mrs. Van Hopper. Would I, as Mrs. Van Hopper had promised, have met a nice American boy my own age? Would I perhaps have married him and lived in places with names like Scarsdale and Levittown, raising a pack of ill-bred children who called me 'Mom' while he took the train to his job in advertising in the city? Would I be happier? And what of Maxim? What would have become of him? For even if my dreadful employer had not thrust herself upon him in that hotel lobby in Monte Carlo, even if he had never laid eyes upon me, the lowly little 'friend of the bosom', the day was fast approaching when that ship would run aground in the cove off Manderley, bringing Je Reviens and her secrets back into the light. But for my fortuitous near-faint in a tiny inquest room in Lanyon, Maxim might now be lying in the De Winter crypt beside her sea-denuded bones. Surely, even in those sterner times, the authorities would have allowed the family of the condemned that small comfort. No matter. The moving finger has writ and will not be called back. It has been many years since Maxim and I lived in hotels. The years of our exile passed slowly, but eventually the talk died down, along with certain souls whose continued existence might have inspired us to prolong our nomadic and anonymous life abroad. Mrs. Danvers, though technically cleared of any trouble with the law, found herself unable to obtain a new situation without a reference and carrying the lingering suspicions from the fire. She ended her life destitute, struck down by a double-decker bus in a crosswalk in front of her home for old-age pensioners. Jack Favell had already crashed his car not two years after the inquest and our little trip up to Barnet. He should have taken to heart Colonel Julyan's good advice that petrol and drink do not mix. And Ben, he of the wild eye and the winkles in the cove, had, one stormy morning, slipped upon the rocks and bashed his head as the tide was coming in. This last death I mourned, for he was a gentle soul in spite of his appearance, but, though he was loyal, one never knows what someone simple may let slip by accident. Or if he will be believed. We rebuilt eventually, of course. One did not like to be so crass as to enquire of it while the ashes were still glowing, but Manderley was insured to the hilt. Frank Crawley was far too responsible for it to have been otherwise. Lloyds must have had a very bad year indeed, what with the ship in the cove and the great house, but the money existed to restore what the flames had taken. Stone walls that have stood since the times of the Normans are hard to destroy, no matter what the malice behind the act, and the staff had been heroic in getting the truly irreplaceable treasures - the Van Dykes and the Lelys - to safety on the lawn. I'm afraid that the Raeburn portrait of Miss Caroline De Winter was not among the objects saved, but I have my own reasons for not minding that greatly. Perhaps old Frith had that in his thoughts when he left it until the last. I suppose one might accuse us of a fatal vanity in raising the phoenix from the ashes, but as it turns out, while the Manderley estate with its home farm and tenants continued to be profitable under Frank's able stewardship during our years abroad, the great house itself was necessary to the economy of the area as an opportunity for employment and custom for the local tradesmen. Even the tourists who had come to tour the public rooms in the old days had given a boost to the merchants of Lanyon and Kerrith as they took their tea in the little shops and bought their brightly colored postal cards and souvenir chocolate boxes with images of Manderly on the covers. At least this is what Frank and I were able to argue to Maxim: that the money was better spent on the skilled stonemasons, carpenters and roof-slaters from as far away as Wales than it was left to fatten the already bulging coffers of the De Winter family. In this endeavor, we had help from Beatrice, who I know fretted to see her brother slipping back into his dark mood. Of the three of us, only Frank and I knew why Maxim felt he deserved to be punished. But if there is a place in hell for those who have done murder, there should be also for those who, out of love, condone it. There is no need for us to anticipate the judgment of the Almighty by making our own little hells here on earth. There was yet another reason for the rebuilding of Manderley. My joyful news, so long awaited, proved the final weight to tip the balance of Maxim's indecision, for it would not have done at all for our son and heir to have no manor house to grow up in and to inherit in his turn. Francis, as we named him after his godfather, came too early in the rebuilding process to have his pram placed out beneath the chestnut tree, as had been threatened once before under far less happy circumstances, but he was able to toddle behind me in the rose garden while I dead-headed the old blossoms, just as his father had done half a century before. By then, Julyan, whom we jokingly call our spare, had been born, and the rumbling of war from Europe had made us glad of our decision to return. I would have considered us complete, but several years later came our sweetest surprise, a daughter upon whom Maxim insisted bestowing my 'very lovely and unusual name'. There are two of us at Manderley now, and Rebecca - I dare name her at long last - is usurped, forgotten. Perhaps it was the maturity that an extra decade brings, perhaps it was the steadying influence of motherhood, but I had learnt not to torture myself with daydreams, play-acted out inside my head, of the people around me discussing my every deficiency. With those foolish visions gone I could at last see our neighbors for whom they really were and find the kindness within their eyes. I recall upon our return, Colonel Julyan, who of all of them worried me the most, because Maxim said he knew more than he let on, taking Maxim's hand and saying, \"It's good to have you home again, De Winter. Very good indeed.\" Even Lady Crowan, who, in the arrogance of my youth, I had dismissed as insufferably tiresome, I could see as a poor soul whose husband drank too much and kept a mistress in Lanyon. What matter if she needed to bolster her own importance by crediting herself with things that were not indeed her doing? I told her as much when Maxim and I revived the Manderley fancy dress ball in honor of the War's end. \"It never would have occurred to me to do it, Lady Crowan, had I not remembered how you suggested it before.\" It was nowhere near so grand an affair as my first, what with all our costumes thrown together from rationed stuff, and the refreshments were simple fare from the home farm, but for this one time Maxim indulged me by wearing black, with lace from an old trunk at his throat and wrists, and a rapier at his side. I was got up in a blue hair ribbon and a pinafore as Alice in Wonderland, a ridiculous costume for a mother of three, but it made him laugh, and we held hands from time to time as we greeted our guests. I saw the raise of his eyebrow as he overheard my remark to Lady Crowan, but I responded only with a subtle shake of my head. I did not view her with pity, but merely the understanding that we are all of us human, with secret sorrows and fears. The older I get the more I realize that people are not such fools as I had thought, and my worry that they were comparing me to Rebecca was the truth and not such a bad thing after all. And I am becoming very old indeed. As I once predicted, my mouse-brown hair has turned grey, and I leave it uncoloured to be more of a match with my husband. We have come beyond the storms of passion, Maxim and I, into a harbour of calm. The twenty-one years' difference between has become less of a gulf as time passes. Maxim has aged well for a man of his years, and his only concession is to allow me to place a rug about his shoulders when we sit together on the terrace on an autumn afternoon, he with his newspaper and I with my knitting. Francis (never Frank, like the godfather he helps so ably with the running of the estate now that Maxim has slowed) has married, and he and his wife inhabit the west wing. The west wing took the worst of the damage, as if the blaze had started there as a tiny flame from an upturned candle, feasting hungrily on the gowns and furs and the golden coverlet embroidered with R de W, burning away the taint. All of the rooms - the long drawing room, the morning room, and the suites above - were gutted, and several of the walls had to be knocked down and rebuilt. The rooms exist more or less as they were, but subtly changed in proportion and color, filled with whatever treasures we could salvage or hunt down anew. The morning room especially is changed. The windows still look out upon a tiny clearing of lawn where a little stone faun dances and plays his flute. By a miracle, he survived the fire and I decided to keep him as a reminder to myself of days long gone, but the rhododendrons are chastened, kept pruned by the gardeners, and they are no longer allowed into a room whose new colors they do not suit. The room is mine now, mine and my daughter-in-law's, and we do our writing at a long wooden table made of gleaming mahogany. The desk, with its labeled pigeon-holes, is burnt to ashes, long ago dispersed on the wind from the bay. Maxim and I still have our old suite in the east wing, the only change, other than the new draperies to replace the smoke-ruined ones, is the double bed I insisted upon to replace the two narrow singles originally chosen for us by Mrs. Danvers. I am content there. I no longer covet the larger rooms and the sound of the sea. Julyan has a law practice up in London, and he is courting a lovely girl. Our daughter, who of all of them most takes after Maxim, with her dark hair, her height, and handsome looks, rather like a young Beatrice, is up at Oxford, earning the last of her graduate degree in medieval art. She says she has no plans to marry, and from the look of her flat mate, another athletic young woman given to the wearing of tweeds and sensible shoes, I rather think she is right. I think of Rebecca only rarely, and when I do it is with an understanding that may never quite reach compassion. One day, while I was walking the path up from the cove with a distant successor to Jasper, the spaniel sniffed something on the breeze and bounded into the undergrowth. There, he turned up a small metal trap that held within its teeth a bit of rotted flesh with tags of russet fur still clinging. A fox, caught in the cruel jaws, had gnawed off his - or her - leg to get free. I don't know why, but it put me in mind of Rebecca, and of my own daughter too. Beauty, brains and breeding come with a price, and certain high expectations. What will people do to get free? Had Rebecca been driven as mad as that poor vixen by the end? The sight brought tears to my eyes, and I was glad that I was alone that day, with no one else there to see it. Poachers had left the trap, and I had Frank put a stop to it at once. Dear Frank. He is aging too, but he will always have a place here with us at Manderley, even after he steps down from his task of taking care of us. I must be made of different stuff, because I have never felt trapped in my life here, other than during that ghastly period of time when Maxim had forced the dirty business with Jack Favell to its crisis and I felt certain he must be destined for the hangman's noose. A balance shifted between the two of us that night when I held and comforted a walking dead man in my arms. I suppose it is the only true victory Rebecca shall ever have, because my young gauche self died then, the one that Maxim had fallen in love with. In a way, I mourn her too, and I miss that comfortable feeling of having a father-protector. \"What ever were you thinking about, my little love? You looked so far away.\" Maxim's voice brings my thoughts up short, and I look over to see him regarding me over the edges of his paper, his white hair lifting gently in the wind off the bay, the small frown line between his eyes no longer, alas, gossamer-fleeting but deeply etched by the years. I manage a smile. \"Nothing, Maxim. I was merely wondering if they had chosen the Surrey side to play Middlesex at the Oval.\" He pauses for a while and then nods. \"Whatever you say, darling.\" In years past, this would have been the time when he would have reached for the inevitable cigarette. Thank goodness I made him give up the habit before Francis was born. I notice that my absent-mindedness has made me drop a stitch. I bite my lip and bend to rectify my mistake. Do I really need so many jumpers? Not really, but knitting provides me with something to do with my hands while we sit. When I glance back up, I notice Maxim still watching me, and I know in my heart that he is searching my face for an absolution. He had it years ago, would he but believe it. I have never been the problem. It is he who must forgive himself. 'I believe,' Maxim had told me during that all too brief period between Dr. Baker's revelation and our arrival home to the ashes of Manderley, that time when in the naivety of youth I thought we might have escaped whole, 'that Rebecca lied to me. She wanted me to kill her.' Oh, Maxim, what an understatement that was! Had it not been for the mischance of Jack Favell being delayed by one of his endless drunken parties, he would have arrived, at her behest, at the cottage in the cove just in time to discover Maxim wiping the last of her blood from the floor. I know in my woman's heart that she meant to take Maxim with her into death in the most degrading way possible. Her last practical joke, indeed! It occurs to me now, the reason I dreamt of Monte Carlo last night, of that cliff overlooking the green-blue Mediterranean where I first saw Maxim's haunted look. It was no accident that Rebecca, always methodical in life, chose that spot to reveal her sordid secret self to him. One push, one slip, was all it would have taken. She had been courting death at his hand for many years. Was her disappointment in him, for surely she would have seen his inaction as a sign of weakness, the basis for her unrelenting malice toward him in their subsequent years? The idea holds a queer sort of logic. And yet . . . And yet . . . my thoughts are now in two places at once: Maxim and Rebecca on that lonely high place above the sea near Monte Carlo; Maxim in the library at Manderley, with me kneeling at his feet as he pours out his confession. What if things had gone differently? What if, instead of holding firm, I had drawn back from him in disgusted horror? We all of us need an absolution, especially from those we love, or, at the very least, understanding. Suppose that Maxim had seen in my eyes, instead of compassion, the unspoken charge of, 'Monster' ? Might he not have been tempted to cloak the sting of rejection behind a mask of mocking scorn until thwarted love turned to genuine loathing? I shall never know. Things would not have changed outwardly, of course, for I was resolved to keep up the charade of being Maxim's wife to spare my public face at the expense of my private pride. One thing is certain: we would not now be the companionable elderly couple who sit on our rebuilt terrace waiting for our butler to announce that our tea is ready. And speaking of our butler, here he is. \"Will you be having your tea out here on the terrace, Madame, or shall I lay a table beneath the chestnut tree?\" He addresses his question to me automatically now, rather than Maxim, for after all these years I am unquestionably the mistress here. I cast a quick eye at Maxim, who looks chilly beneath his rug, despite his best efforts to hide it. \"No. In the library today, Robert.\" \"Very good, Madame.\" The fire did for poor old Frith, I'm afraid. He was too old to come out of retirement when Maxim and I returned from abroad, but Robert was more than eager to leave his current situation and step into his place for a chance to work at Manderley again. Robert - I should really call him 'Llewellyn' to reflect the formality of his new position, because that is his surname, but he will always be Robert to me - is the last of a dying breed in these modern times, punctilious to a fault. We are all of us dinosaurs, really. I recall the remark of the young woman sight-seer from Kerrith whom I met on the cliffs the day the ship ran aground, that her husband thought the big estates ought to be broken up and the woods turned into identical plots for identical bungalows. Perhaps that will be Manderley's fate some day, but not, at least, in this generation. As Maxim rises stiffly to his feet, a footman appears to take charge of his rug. This is William, a fresh-faced ginger-haired young man training under the eagle eye of his grandfather. I let my mind travel down the years ahead to imagine William carrying a tray of whiskey and soda for Francis's children and then shake my head. Whether the future involves William in the library, or rows of soulless bungalows, Maxim and I will have joined Rebecca in the family crypt by then. It is no matter to me. Maxim offers the crook of his arm for me to take. This is a conceit between the two of us, that it is he supporting me rather than the other way around. Stubbornly proud to the last, he will not use a cane, unlike Beatrice, who at least has a bad tumble from her hunter two months after her fiftieth birthday as an excuse. \"Shall we, my dear?\" he asks. His voice betrays only the hint of an old man's quaver, not yet the querulous tone of his grandmother the day she mistook me for a stranger and demanded \"Rebecca! What have you done with Rebecca?\" but I know that day is coming soon enough. There was a time, at the age of twenty-one, when I expressed the desire to put my callowness aside and be Maxim's mother rather than his child bride. I think on the old proverb, 'Be careful what you wish for; you might just get it.' With a quick upward smile, I link my arm in Maxim's, and the two of us slowly cross the terrace to the open library doors. And, as ever when I re-enter my house, I brace my nostrils against the fleeting scent of ashes and white azalea. Beta reader for this story is the very capable Ignoble Bard. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The names and situations herein belong to Daphne Du Maurier. I own none of it. Songe d'"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Enough For Now","Author":"Permanent Rose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4283222","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: As I said in the summary, an alternate ending to Rebecca where Maxim is convicted at the trial and put to death. It was an idea that's been bugging me for awhile Enough For Now It has been three years since I left Manderely; three years since Maxim's death. I can still remember the day at the gallows. My eyes were red and swollen from sobbing and my entire body was shaking uncontrollably. I watched as they hung him, watched him die. Why did I come? Why did I come? I kept asking myself over and over again. The sight of Maxim's limp body hanging there was too much for me to bear. I vomited violently on the ground in front me, and began to sob even harder. I fell to the ground and rolled up in a ball, rocking miserably. Maxim was gone. The house rightfully belonged to Beatrice and Giles. \"Manderely is quite large enough to accommodate all of us,\" said Beatrice. \"Giles and I would not mind a bit if you stayed.\" But I said I could not. Not after all the memories it would bring back everyday. I could not bear to be reminded of Maxim and what had happened. I moved to a small apartment in London, trying to erase any memories of Maxim. And it is still where I reside today, making a small pot of tea for only myself, merely existing. And then I hear the knock on the door. No one ever calls on me. I cannot fathom who it may be. I get up to answer the door and a middle aged man stands there. At first I do not recognise him. \"Come in. How may I help you?\" He steps over the threshold and removes his hat. Oh my God . I gasp, staring at the man with wide eyes, for I now recognize him as Frank Crawley. \"Frank? Is that really you?\" I gape. \"Indeed, Mrs. de Winter,\" he replies. I wince at the name de Winter. It feels like a lifetime ago when I last heard that name. \"Please, Frank, call me by my first name,\" I say. He nods. Neither of us knows what to say for a moment. \"So you've been well, I take?\" Frank asks. \"Yes, quite,\" I reply, for it is mostly true. \"And you?\" \"Mostly,\" he says. \"It feels as though it all happened centuries ago.\" \"Yes,\" I say. \"I've thought of you often,\" he says. I feel my cheeks grow warm. Suddenly, I hear a small voice, \"Mama.\" My little boy tugs at the hem of my skirt. He has just awoken from his nap. I take him in my arms and kiss his hair. Frank stares for a moment before he fully realizes the situation. \"He has his father's eyes,\" Frank states, still looking slightly bewildered. I nod. \"What have you called him?\" Frank asks. \"Max, after his father. When I found I was with child, I though it would be particularly painful to be reminded of Maxim, but in actuality, I'm quite glad I do have a small bit of him.\" Frank nods. \"So I suppose he is the rightful owner of Manderely?\" \"I have never thought of that, but I suppose you are correct. But I cannot bear the thought of ever returning to Manderly…\" Once again Frank nods. We both turn to look at Max, who still has that wide-eyed bewildered expression that one gets just after they wake. \"Does Beatrice know about your child?\" Frank asks. \"No,\" I reply. \"I haven't spoken with her for over three years now…\" Neither of us speaks. Max intently sucks on his finger. \"Frank, would you like to stay for tea?\" I break the silence. \"That would be lovely,\" says Frank. I place Max on the floor so I can go to the kitchen to boil some more water. As soon as he's out of my arms, though, he begins to cry. \"Oh dear,\" I say, turning around to pick him up. But Frank beats me to it. \"I can watch him while you finish the tea, if you'd like.\" Max's tears have already ceased and he places his chubby little arms around Frank's neck. We both smile, neither knowing what to say. The tea is soon ready and I carry it over to the table where Frank is sitting, bouncing little Max on his knee while singing a ditty. \"He really likes you,\" I say. \"Even I can't placate him that easily.\" He smiles and ruffles Max's hair, making my little boy giggle. I pour the tea and place a small plate of scones on the table. Frank places Max in his chair. Max coos softly and I give him a biscuit to suck on. Frank I sip our tea silently, the steam making our faces damp with a thin mist. Being with Frank brings back so many memories. No, I tell myself. I mustn't think of the past. But the memories invade me like plague. My hand quivers slightly, causing tea to slosh over the side of my cup. Frank reaches out to steady my hand. His touch is so gentle, so comforting. My gaze catches his, and suddenly I can bear it not longer. I burst into tears. Before I know what is happening, I am in Frank's arms, his soft lips in my hair. I can feel his hot breath in my ear as he whispers words of comfort and reassurance. \"Oh, Frank!\" I sob. \"I'm so—\" He silences me with a kiss. His lips are firm, but gentle against my own. I can taste his breath, bitter and sweet from the tea. I never want to let go. Never want this moment to end… But within a moment, we break apart. He smoothes my hair away from my face, placing it behind my ears. He stares at me a moment before speaking. \"All these years I've wanted to come visit you, come and see how you have been,\" he stumbles over his words. \"But I could never make myself. I know how much you loved Maxim…\" \"Oh, Frank!\" I sob. \"I have thought of you everyday since I left. I hoped so much that I would get to see you again. Maxim is gone now, and though I shall always have a place in my heart for him, I know that I must move on.\" I take his hand in mine. He leans forward to kiss me again. Little Max pushes between us, climbing onto my lap, breaking the kiss. I pull him into my arms. Frank wraps his arms around both of us, and I smile through my tears. I hear Max laugh softly. My painful memories begin to melt away. My bleak future now seems to hold a bit of hope, and for now, that is enough. A/N: When I read the novel, I always thought that there might of been something going on between Frank and Mrs. de Winter. I think they are so sweet together... ","Summary":" A/N: As I said in the summary, an alternate ending to Rebecca where Maxim is convicted at the trial"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Imprisonment","Author":"Lady LolaBert","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3060817","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Daphne du Maurier and all those affiliated with her owns 'Rebecca.' I am making no money from this. Imprisonment We were having dinner at Manderley. Today was no different to any other day, this meal no different to any other meal we had had yesterday, or the day before that. I sat in my usual place at the head of the table while she sat in hers - Rebecca's previous place. The young woman who sat there now could not be anymore different from her predecessor. She was young, pure and, I believe, did not hold a single malicious thought in her head. She was innocence personified. Rebecca on the other hand was manipulative and devious, an animate shell of a woman devoid of any soul. When I first met and knew her, she was charming and elegant with a beauty unsurpassed by any other, a beauty that was accentuated by her grace and disarming charisma. I was considered by myself and all those who knew us, to be the luckiest man on earth. Of course, I soon learnt what she really was, why she picked and married me out of any other man that would have willingly laid their lives and earthly possessions at her feet, should she have desired it. However, Rebecca did not marry me; she married the de Winter name and Manderley, with its seclusion and prestige. It was the perfect playground for her. In public, she was the flawless mistress of Manderley, loving wife of Maxim de Winter and gracious hostess of the annual fancy dress balls. Manderley gave her wealth, power and the regard of the surrounding county. It was a comfortable abode when she wasn't in London doing God-knows-what in order to satisfy her perverse, carnal pleasures. When we weren't in the company of others, she disappeared for hours at a time, 'sailing' as the servants believed. I knew full well what she was doing and she knew that I knew and delighted in the horror and anger it inflamed in me. She did not belong to me and never did. In fact, it was I who was to be completely in her power when she revealed her true self and intentions to me on that day in Monte Carlo. \" I'll run your house for you,\" she told me, \"I'll look after your precious Manderley for you, make it the most famous show-place in all the country, if you like. And people will visit us, and envy us, and talk about us; they'll say we are the luckiest, happiest, handsomest couple in all England. What a leg-pull, Max!\" she said, \"what a God-damn triumph!\" I knew then that the choice I made at that moment would alter the rest of my life. And it did. I did not divorce her there and then as I should have, but chose to uphold the name of de Winter and Manderley, the house I loved so much and thus become Rebecca's captive for the next twelve years. My imprisonment ended the night I murdered her and the child she carried; the bastard child that she was to pass as ours and inherit Manderley when I died. I did not hesitate when I pulled the trigger, for I saw my chance to escape from her and took it. Finally, I was able to breathe as a free man, yet for ten months after Rebecca's death, I wandered, both physically and mentally – listless and passive, without any purpose. The bonds that had tied me to Rebecca and our farce of a life were broken, but somehow I knew that Rebecca would never really be gone. My home would forever be Rebecca's as well, as her chairs, tables and ornaments were still arranged in the ways that pleased her. Sometimes, I could still smell her signature azalea scent wafting around in her favourite rooms, as if she had only just quitted it before I entered. She was such a presence in life that even in death I found her memory to be overwhelming. I went back to Monte Carlo that summer, to get away from Manderley as well as to re-assess what was left of me. It was there that I met her, the woman before me now. It seemed then that she had only just left girlhood and was so shy, almost to the point of embarrassment. She possessed a curious look that aroused my interest the very first time I saw her. In the following days that we spent together, we saw Monte Carlo, or rather she saw Monte Carlo and I observed her delight and surprise at places and things that no longer seemed so awe-inspiring to me, as it did to her. When we drove to the seaside to admire the view, she saw the peaceful and calming monotony of the waves, while a dark memory in my mind made me see it as a perilous danger, whose waves would surely reveal the secrets of the deep before long. But soon, as she experienced emotions and occasions new to her, so did I, through her. She was enchanted by the quaint lives of the peasants, the glittering harbour and the rustic cobbled squares. Her senses seemed heightened as she took in each delicious smell, wondrous sight and pleasing sound in her child-like manner. I sometimes felt as young as her again and nearly forgot the past twelve years of my life. It was incredible that a young woman of her age could have wrought such an effect upon me at a time when I believed to be past feeling those things again. She gave me new life and instilled a hope into me that this was not the end, but rather a new beginning. I clung to that hope and knew that I could not let her go, as she was the one who gifted me with that. And so, I married her. Perhaps I married her for what she represented to me. A young life just started out, uncorrupted by the evils that the world had to present. I wanted to keep her safe here at Manderley with me and forever maintain that lost, innocent look she had in her eyes that I loved so much. Yet I knew that by marrying her, I was tainting her purity with my own dark past. The irony was not lost on me, but I didn't care. She was now my wife. As I observed her while we ate our dinner, her countenance changed. Suddenly, she was no longer the one I spent idle days at the cove with, nor was she the awkward hostess at our obligatory teas with unwelcome guests. For a moment, she held the same look on her face that Rebecca did. For a moment, I feared she was Rebecca. My throat constricted and my body tensed as if the bonds of my former life were coming back and tightening around me. In our sham of a marriage, during the times when it was just the two of us, she always held a look in her eyes as if she knew things about you that you yourself never wanted to admit to another living soul. My darling wife had that same expression for a moment. I tried to inquire as to what was going through her mind, fighting to stave off my unwarranted and rather irrational alarm. \"What the devil are you thinking about?\" I asked with a forced, faint laugh in my voice. She blushed and my beautiful wife returned to me again, as the momentary trace of my former captor dissipated. It turned out to be a harmless trifle of hers and we talked of the upcoming fancy dress ball, an event which I hoped would create new memories instead of resurrecting old ones. This time at Manderley, the fancy dress ball would not be a prison for me as it had been year after year, as I smiled at guests while Rebecca held my arm in a vice-like grip. This year, the ball would be a joyous occasion, and Manderley would be the welcoming home that it is. When Frith had served me my coffee in the library, I relaxed. For now, at least, my captor was gone. I would never be tormented again, nor struggle to live, day after day in a lie. Rebecca was not coming back; my wife would never ever become anything like Rebecca. I would see to it that it never happened. She was mine and as long as she wasn't Rebecca, I would keep her with me forever. Thoughts? ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Daphne du Maurier and all those affiliated with her owns 'Rebecca.' I am making no mone"},{"Movie":"Immortals","Title":"The life of a god","Author":"Blackstar.Lily","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7601632","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Immortals! A/N: This is actually based on the movie Immortals, but that category doesn't exist so... Greek Mythology for now. I watched the movies and just wanted to add on the ending. It is a great movie and those who have not seen, definitely should. But before reading this, *SPOILER Alert!* I don't want to spoil the movie for you, so see it first. The story is after the ending in the movie, but before the birth of Theseus' child. I hope you like it. This is just a kind of preview. More will be coming The Life of a God Prologue Theseus was sitting on the edge of Olympus, that was his home ever since he had died in the human world, looking out over the world of men. He was watching Phaedra as usual. He watched her go about her normal human life. Her stomach had grown quite a bit, with their child, since he had left. He remembered seeing her joy, when she realized that she was pregnant. Theseus had been very happy for her, even though he could not be happy for himself. He knew that he would never be allowed to meet his own child, let alone getting to know it. He didn't know the gender of his child yet, he looked forward to it. So Theseus just watched Phaedra, even as it pained him that he couldn't get any closer to her. He yearned to touch and cherish her, but he couldn't. He was a god now. A true immortal god. Theseus sighed. He was thankful to Zeus for saving his life and granting him immortality and even the powers of a god, that were now his to command, but Theseus wished for nothing more than to be with the woman he loved. \"Theseus,\" a woman's voice called to him softly. He didn't have to look back to know that it was Athena, coming to check up on him, again. \"Yes, Athena?\" he asked. \"Are you watching her again?\" she asked, coming to a stop right next to him. Her voice changed, but Theseus didn't know why that was. He sighed once again, still looking at Phaedra from the edge of Olympus. \"Yes, I am. As I will always watch over her. I know we can never be together again, but I will always love her and only her. So I will always be watching her.\" He emphasized every 'always' he had spoken. Athena gently placed a hand on his shoulder, trying to sooth him. She knew it wouldn't work, nothing she had said or will ever say will sooth him or even ease his pain and heart break. \"You know mortals do not last forever. They die and the world moves one. So should you.\" Her voice was as gentle as her touch, but her words stung Theseus nevertheless. He suppressed the reaction to jump off the edge of Olympus, he knew that wouldn't kill him and that he would land safely on the ground, and run to his love, to be close by her and never let her go. Instead he just looked up into Athena's eyes. He didn't know what emotions his face betrayed, that he clearly saw the shock cross Athena's face. Athena was shocked by the amount of pain in his eyes. She sat down next to him and took his hand in both of hers. They just sat there for a long time and watched the human world shift and change.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own Immortals or the characters. A/N: Chapter 1 is finally finished, sorry it took a while I had a little trouble with it, and I really hope you like it. I based this on the movie Immortals, it made quit an impact on me, so I decided on this fanfic. I was first planning to make it an one-shot, but I had too much fun with it, and was soon coming up with too many storielines, so I doing more chapters. Please stick with me on this one and let me know what you think... So please read and review! Chapter 1 A son Theseus and Athena sat on the edge of Olympus for a long time and watched the human world shift and change. Athena looked at Theseus again. She had stolen a glance every now and then. She could see the longing in his eyes as he watched his love. It pained her in the strangest of ways. She didn't know how to take the pain she felt. \"Theseus,\" she said quietly. He didn't react, so she continued, \"Zeus had a vision about the future.\" She stopped waiting for a response from Theseus, that didn't come. After another moment of hesitation, she continued once again. \"About your child.\" Theseus looked up now, startled. He had not expected her to begin about his unborn child. \"What did Zeus see?\" he asked. He wanted to know, but feared the outcome just the same. \"He saw a child fighting alongside his father, fighting to protect the world of men, as you once have,\" she explained softly. So Theseus was to see his still unborn child, he was to meet him and fight alongside him even. He rejoiced, he was going to have a healthy child and he would see the child face to face, but at the same time he dreaded that day to come. He didn't want his child to be in such a battle. That was the day that Theseus made a vow; as long as he was an immortal, was he going to make sure his lineage was safe and out of harms way. He was going to fight for his family. A few months later… Theseus walked out to the edge of Olympus. He had tried to get away from Athena for a few hours now. She has been training him, to show him how to use his new powers. She also has been helping him adjust to his new life. Athena has even started to care for him, which was an honour, but he could only see Phaedra and no other woman could be compared to her in his eyes. Theseus sat down on the edge of Olympus, like he usually did, to see the sun set and of course to see how Phaedra was doing. It didn't take long for him to find her. He smiled when he spotted her at the edge of the cliff, just outside the town where he grew up, looking at the sunset as well. When Theseus heard someone move behind him, he looked up already scowling at Athena. However, it was Zeus that was standing behind him. Theseus quickly sprang up to greet Zeus in the proper manner. However, before he could, Zeus held up his hand and gestured for the both of them to sit down. \"Theseus, there is no need for us to be so formal,\" Zeus said in a soft voice. Theseus looked at him and he thought Zeus seemed different today. There was something off about him. Not that Theseus had ever understood the leader and most powerful of the Gods. To be honest, he still felt really intimidated and almost scared being so close to him, even after months. Theseus gathered his courage. \"Zeus, is something bothering you? You seem off today, somehow…\" He trailed off at the end. Zeus smiled and chuckled softly, but only for a moment. \"You are very observant today, Theseus,\" Zeus complimented him. \"In fact, you are right. Something is different today.\" Zeus stopped talking and turned to watch the sun. Theseus waited, but he never was one for patience. He had patience, but nothing close to the patience of an immortal God. Athena had told him many times before, these past few months. She had told him that he needed more patience, that he would never last eternity if he didn't master the art of it. But this was Zeus and Theseus knew full well not to interrupt him, while he was thinking or even while he was just staring off to the horizon. So Theseus waited and while he waited he turned to watch his beloved one once again. \"Theseus,\" Zeus said. Theseus turned to see Zeus looking at him, with an unreadable expression. \"Do you know why I saved you?\" Theseus waited for the rest of the question, but it didn't come so he answered. \"You saved me, because I would have died otherwise. You choose me a long time ago to fight against Hyperion.\" Zeus laughed lightly. \"Yes, you are right, that was certainly part of it. That was also the reason why I watched you grow up into the man you are today and that was the purpose I trained you for. But that wasn't the entire reason. I saved you, because I knew that we, the Gods, would need your services once again, at some point in the future.\" Theseus grimaced, looking away again. His thoughts had turned from shock, to pain, to feeling smug. He could have known something like this was coming. \"You have always been different, from other humans and now you stand out between the Gods. You never feared defeat or pain or ridicule. That made you a very strong and valuable warrior. Now that and your other actions make you a very honourable immortal.\" Zeus continued not letting himself be distracted by Theseus' reactions. \"But I had something to fight for,\" Theseus said softly, silently. The thought feared him most of all. He had no one left; his loved ones were somewhere he could never be again. \"Yes, you are right. It was your love for the ones you cared about that made you able to fight. But you stood up for a lot more people. You stood up for those who were defenceless.\" Zeus smiled at him, pride easily detected in his eyes. \"But you are wrong if you say you have nothing left to fight for. Phaedra still loves you as she did when you were human and she will always love you. She will need you to look over her.\" Zeus paused to stare at the human world for a moment. Theseus followed his gaze and stared upon Phaedra, who was looking up at the sky and she started crying silently. Theseus longed to touch her and to sooth her, but he couldn't. \"There is also your child, that is now still within Phaedra's stomach.\" Theseus started to smile. He had loved his unborn child to an almost painful level, as he would love him for the rest of eternity. That unborn child was his heritance; it was the one that would carry on his existing on the world of men. \"That child will come to stand before difficult decisions, just as you have once had to make.\" Zeus smile grew sad, while he looked at him. \"You know that is not what I want for my child,\" Theseus said, sadness clear in his voice as well. \"I would whether that he or she would have a very long and fruitful life, but in return I am at least grateful that he or she will have actions that will lead to immortality and being divine.\"' \"I am glad to hear you say that, because…\" he trailed off and stared back to Phaedra. \"Because your son is about to be born.\" Then, before Theseus could even process to idea and join of having a son, Phaedra started screaming in pain. Theseus jumped up, he wanted to help, to do at least something to help her with her pain and the birth of their child. Zeus stood up as well and put a hand on his shoulder to stop him from doing anything rash. \"Theseus, I will go and help her. I'll make sure she will not be in too much pain.\" Then he jumped off the edge of Olympus, before Theseus could reply. Theseus followed him with his eyes and saw Zeus turn into the form of the mighty Eagle. After that he lost side of him. Several hours later… Zeus had kept his words and made sure that the birth of their son wasn't too painful for Phaedra. Still Theseus kept a very close watch on Phaedra. He also didn't want to miss a second of the birth of his son. After about an hour or two, Athena had joined him, watching the birth scene as well. They didn't speak, but whenever Phaedra screamed with pain, Athena stopped Theseus from going over the edge and comforted him. It was after a few hours more, even if to Theseus it felt like days, that they heard another kind of cry. It was the cry of a new born child. Theseus called out in joy and embraced Athena, who was still standing next to him. He had a son. Now that Phaedra was no longer in the pain of labour, they both could rejoice. Theseus looked at the very small human being that was his son and then heard Phaedra whisper: \"Acamas.\" A/N: Aaahhh, a son! Acamas, weird name, but it's the one the use in the movie, so... Thank you for reading, but please review![Chapter 3] Dear readers, Sorry, no chapter, but an author's note. My apologies, but I'm putting this story on hold. I have a writer's block and I going to focus on my other stories. I'm NOT giving this story up, by abandonment or adoption; I'm just going to take my time. Please also read my other stories, because I am going to try to update those. If you have ideas for enemies in this story let me know, I'm open for suggestions. Please don't lose faith in me! Blackstar Lily ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Immortals! A/N: This is actually based on the movie Immortals, but that ca"},{"Movie":"Immortals","Title":"Irresistible","Author":"Sheldon6","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9357059","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer- I do not own immortals or any of its characters Theseus' eyes were grounded to the slowly slipping King Hyperion, as he too made his slow decent to the cold marble ground struggling to keep his now slit eyes open long enough to see the other choke on his own blood. A small smile came upon his face at hearing the Kings final bubbly breath being drawn, his body easing onto the cool floor. The bloodied man turned his head to the ceiling tears blurring his vision as his mind cleared, readying itself for death. But then he remembered about Phaedra. What was he doing lying on the ground preparing for death? He had to get up and make certain she was safe. Theseus grunted as he rolled onto his side, coughing frantically at the sudden protest his body was showing towards his actions. He lay on his stomach preparing himself for what he was about to put his body through. His arms slid under himself attempting to raise himself off the ground, but they shook terribly as his strength failed him sending his body to the ground once more. He squeezed his eyes tight, yelling at the top of his lungs thrusting his body upright onto his knees. A little more now Theseus. He encouraged his body as he placed both hands on either side of himself, breathing heavily preparing himself both physically and mentally. As he was about to use every fiber in his body to erect himself, a golden light surrounded the room as the ground began to shake. Theseus looked around panicked as to what was occurring. He was then taken hold of by two powerful arms as he was filled with warmth and certainty. A touch to the back of his neck sent him reeling into another place, a peaceful place where the saw his mother and Phaedra laughing together near a fountain. A grand smile found its way onto the males face at the adoring site and he made his way towards them at their request. But was pulled back by some invisible force. He then heard a whipping sound come from above and he looked up toward the source of the increasingly unpleasant sound and his eyes grew wide as he saw multiple golden flashes falling to the ground. Theseus delved to the side as one hit directly where he had been standing. He looked to Phaedra and his mother, but they were no where to be found. Groans and shifting was heard from the impact site bringing Theseus' eyes to look upon an even more surprising and mortifying picture. There laying in large craters were the gods themselves struggling to either stand on their own or even stay alive. Zeus was tending to his brother who was badly hurt, he was in no shape to be wandering either, but he could manage. Theseus saw other gods race to help Zeus with their fallen brethren. He supposed he hadn't been noticed yet due to the importance of the task at hand, but he was sorely mistaken whenever he made to leave. \"STOP, where you are Theseus!\" And he did as he was told, frozen in shock at the thunderous voice that sent chills down his spine causing his hair to stand on end. The solider was face to face with the god of thunder within the second. He looked apologetically to the furious god as he bent in half, submitting to the all powerful Zeus. He swallowed hard staring intensely into the ground as he thought of what to say for what he had done to rouse Zeus' anger. What had he done? \"I-I apologize my god for upsetting you, it shall never happen again.\" Theseus attempted to sound sure and honest in order to convince the angered king. There was a moment of dead silence in the area and Theseus broke into a cold sweat at the tension. Then he heard a chuckle and felt a crushing hand on his shoulder raising him up. \"No, need for apology Theseus. Now come over and help with what you can.\" Zeus said mood changed from a moment ago. Theseus smiled unsure at the god of thunder and jogged ahead to get away from the awkwardness he felt around him. Zeus looked back to the fountain and grimaced as he walked back to his fallen allies. So this is my introduction chapter, but there will be more! Immortals needs more stories! So yeah hit me up if you want more or would like to see something later on. Thanks Sheldon6 3[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own Immortals or its characters Warning: Serious slash between two males chapter 2 Now that everyone had been taken care of and everything was settled, Theseus leisurely sat on the ledge of what he came to know was in fact Olympus. He looked down and hastily searched for his love, only to be disappointed. Where could she be? Surely if she was not down there, then she would be here alongside himself. Unless of course, she was sent to Hades, but Theseus greatly doubted that. Someone appeared at his side suddenly, frightening him to jump up off the seat and onto the edge of the island. He wobbled on the drop off, flaying his arms out to steady himself, but nonetheless he fell backwards. He thought he heard a chuckle as he was then grabbed by an arm and pulled against a firm body. Theseus felt a current rush through him and his skin tingled wherever it touched the others. His knees weak from the intensity of the force. He did not need to look to know who it was solely from that reaction. Whenever he did manage to meet Zeus' stare, his breath caught in his throat. Never had he seen the god from so close and now that he could he was only met with pure beauty. Theseus had seen monuments in Zeus' image, but they simply didn't do him justice. He swallowed hard after a minute of simply gawking at the god and looked away embarrassed. Zeus was no fool and noted his reaction and thought of it to be fun to tease the mortal. He placed his index and middle fingers underneath Theseus' chin and brought it up to meet his now serious face. The young man avoided eye contact and that only made it better. Zeus then slid his hand to cup the warriors cheek and guided his gaze back towards his own. He smoothed his thumb across the soft skin, his hand sliding down to the back of his neck to twist the soft dark waves in between thin fingers. He clenched roughly at the hair causing a wince to emit from Theseus' parted lips and wrenched his head to one side exposing his neck to the thunder god. He bent his head down as he began to lightly whiff the savory skin, lightly brushing his nose along Theseus' heated flesh. This had the mortals knees quivering between each hard caress, that ultimately lead to the man collapsing under his own weight. Zeus easily caught him, receiving an apologetic look from the man held fast in his arms. The god only smiled and carried him over to one of the nearby benches and laid him down. But if that was all Theseus thought he was receiving, he was horribly mistaken. What happened next shocked him into paralysis. Zeus climbed on top of him and continued with his ministrations. His body hovered over him so, that he thought he was going to faint from the pressure and choke from the electrical current emitting off the gods body. Then without a warning, he gasped at a strong lick up his jugular artery. His breath became ragged as Zeus began to suck his Adams apple and as the man ventured slowly down to his abdomen. The god made sure to press hard into the warriors navel with his tongue and to apply suction with equal strength. This had Theseus panting and murmuring protests, but was silenced every time that hot tongue delved in hard. Once the king had his fill of that area he ventured lower and Theseus panicked. He attempted to sit up, but doubled over grabbing hold of the edges of the bench as Zeus bit him hard on his pelvic muscle, quickly sucking hard afterwards. Theseus' breathing was hot on Zeus' neck as the torture continued. Whenever he reached the young mans now prominent erection he looked up into hazy eyes and loved what effect he had on the man. The powerful god grabbed a hold of the back of his neck as his other snaked up a muscled thigh under cloth. When that sneaky hand found its destination did the king bring Theseus' head down to meet his lips in a fiercely passionate kiss that also served to muffle Theseus' moan as his erection was stroked aggressively with an electrified touch. The increase in speed was to much for him and he broke away from the kiss as he shut his eyes tightly, breathy moans escaping his mouth to be blown on the gods pleased face. He squeezed hard and pressed his thumb down on the mushroom tip causing Theseus to arch upwards moaning his pleasure. Theseus opened his eyes whenever the stroking stopped and he peered down to see Zeus pushing his skirt up exposing his angry erection and the rest of his most private of areas. The god looked up to meet Theseus' slightly frightened eyes and saw his face flush a deep red as he turned his head to the side in order to avoid the gods perfection. \"I was wise in choosing you Theseus. You are truly magnificent inside-\", he kissed his lips lightly,\" and out. Perfect even.\" he stroked him again hard. \"How. . . how could it be that I, a mere mortal could ever find favor in your eyes whenever you are the epitome of perfection?\" Theseus pleaded quietly to the great one. A laugh echoed through his ears as Zeus kissed his lips gently. He laid on the man below him and cupped his face between his hands. \"Yes and since I am the epitome of perfection, I have a much better perception of things than you. So whenever I say something, it is rational and the complete truth.\" He explained massaging the cheeks under his hands. Theseus smiled at the quick reply and melted. Zeus truly was perfect and how could he ever please or even satisfy this god? But his thoughts were interrupted by the continuation of his . . . devotion? But this time whenever he looked down, he looked down to a site that brought him hurtling to his climax. Zeus with his lips around his erection, cheeks hallowed, face filled with concentration and most astonishing of all. A red tinting across the thunder gods cheeks that had Theseus throwing his head back, eyes clenching tight as his back arched to the sky when he felt the same tongue stab into his slit and swirl around the tip. A loud cry left him as he came hard. His body slumped back onto the bench as he grew weary as to what would happen now. His eyelids drooped as he looked up to see Zeus lick his lips and straddled his lap removing his cape to place it atop Theseus. He laid down next to him and brought his arms around the mortal closing him into his chest as he began to drift off. \"Wait, what of you my lord?\" Theseus asked suddenly alert. \"What of me?\" Zeus whispered soothing the man back into his embrace \"W-well. I-i-i did not service you . . .\" he trailed off meeting Zeus' content face. \"You already have, Theseus. In more ways than you think, now lay and sleep for tomorrow brings much to do.\" he whispered kissing him tenderly so to stop any more questions from escaping those swollen lips. Theseus took the hint and rested his head upon the gods chiseled chest and as soon as Zeus saw he was out and his breathing even, then he too closed his eyes to rest from this eventful day. Thanks for reading! Got a little carried away with this one! See you all later! Love Sheldon6[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own Immortals or any of its characters. Warning: Incest Theseus awoke to strong rays upon his face and a warm body next to his. His gaze was met with evergreen eyes and a playful smirk. Poseidon Theseus was startled at this realization, shooting up and over the ledge of the bed onto the cold marble ground below. He rubbed his head as he heard a haughty laugh come from atop the large bed. The solider looked up at the sound of shuffling and was met with the same playful eyes. Theseus propped himself up on elbows as he was suddenly overwhelmed with the glowing complexion of Poseidon. Who was casually standing over him, trident in hand and flowing robe down his back. What was Poseidon doing here with him, and watching him sleep for that matter. Didn't he have somewhere else more important to be? Seas to control? Fisherman to guide? \"What frightens you so, Theseus?\" The god nonchalantly asked grabbing hold of the startled mortal. \"Seem's you'd be more delighted when first meeting your father.\" The god said pushing him onto the bed as he spoke these shocking news to the unknowing man. Theseus' knees buckled under him and he fell back onto the bed, eyes open to their fullest. What was he speaking of father? \"C-could you repeat that? I must have misheard you.\" Theseus responded, mechanically rising into a sitting position eyes never leaving the gods face. \"No, your hearing was correct. I, Poseidon, King and ruler of the waters of this planet. Am your rightful father, Theseus, savoir of Greece.\" The shimmering man said walking over to stand in front of his son. At this point the mortals eyes were downcast in concentration. His mind attempting to rationalize all that has become of his life as of late. Perhaps it was possible that he was speaking the truth, but when did gods ever lie? A cool hand rested on his shoulder that caused his mind to clear and head to tilt up to peer into a loving gaze as he was pushed back to lie upon the soft bedding. His mind was vacant and his body stiffened as the other climbed on top of him, straddling his lap. A heat enveloped his body as he looked upon the image of perfection. Poseidon's body was radiating, his muscled body shown of what others strived to accomplish and his face was simply eyes though, with that knowing twinkle in them that sent shivers down his spine is what really escalated his desires. Theseus was also very aware of his mortal form and all its flaws, scars, wrinkles and damages. His gaze fell to the side as his embarrassment won the better of him, inwardly cringing to hide as much of himself from the gods view. It was until he felt a hand creep under his blouse, did his gaze directly fall on the man above him. He felt that cold hand run up further towards a breast. The mortals eyes were wide as he looked down towards the scene playing out before him. What was it with these gods? Was it just his imagination or were they all truly this promiscuous? He snapped his eyes shut as he felt a tight pinch on one of his nipples and arched inwards to escape the pleasurable pain. He let out a gasp as his hands gripped the sheets, knuckles turning white from the re occurrence of the pain. He opened his eyes a crack as he felt a wetness meet his exposed chest. Poseidon was lapping at his nipples gently, presumably in a manner to alleviate the pain he had inflicted. Theseus' eyes clouded over with lust as he saw the god take one erect nipple in between plump lips. Whenever those cheeks hollowed, followed by strong suction that pulled his skin deliciously taught, did the fisherman loose control. He opened his mouth to unleash deep groans as two strong hands traveled the expanse of his body. Those groans soon turned into hot breathy moans whenever those same hands found their way under his waistband. Theseus didn't know what came over him, his body self-governing itself while his quivers turned into needy thrusts. Poseidon's strong demanding body brought out an almost animistic surge in Theseus, yielding his being borderline ground his hips into his, dare he say it, even think it? Fathers. . . and couldn't be more pleased whenever the affection was returned with a dominating power that pounded his hips into the bedding beneath them. He wanted more, he wanted it all. To feel the strength, the power of this glorious god above him. To feel him and hear his every sound. To see his every expression. To smell every scent and account it all to memory. He wrapped his legs around the god's waist, hooking his arms about his fathers tanned neck, aggressively tugging him in. His nostrils inhaling the rousing scent of glistening hair as the superior pounded their hips together with inhuman force. He smelled of the sea, where he had grown up and where he dreamed of always. This brought a twisting glee in himself as tears teased at the sides of his eyes from the unfamiliar feeling. How he missed his home, his mother, Phaedra. His eyes widen at the immediate thought and he instantly let go of the god and pulled himself up and away from him. He sat on the other side of the bed as his mind whirled with worry, conflict and thoughts of what he had just done. How could he have betrayed Phaedra's love like that? Had he already forgotten what had gone on between them? What they had been through together and suffered through ? At this did his eyes release all the sadness and regret he was feeling. The heavy tears flowed down his face and onto the ground resonating their landing throughout the still room. Poseidon quietly watched as Theseus' shoulders shook, small whimpers escaping his insecure form. What had just happened? One moment he and the mortal were having a pleasant time and the next he was being shoved away, only to witness the broken cries of the man. He decided it was worth investigating and stood, rounding the bed to face the sobbing man. He spun his trident in place as he thought of what to do. His son's sadness brought a suffocating erratic feeling within his chest that pushed him to take a seat next to the coiling man. The ruler of oceans eyes narrowed as he listened to the man's murmurs and caught an apology. Who was he apologizing to? And for what? Then that is when he heard the person responsible. Phaedra. Right, he had been involved with that oracle before being brought here. Certainly their brief time together hadn't brought on such deep connections? Perhaps it had something to do with them being each others first time that they both held a certain meaningfulness in one another's life? Whatever it was, Poseidon did feel a bit ashamed for failing to foresee the consequences of his actions prior to his coming here. After all, what kind of father would go out of their way to hurt their child in such an incredulous manner? He had to find a way to make amends for the sorrow he had brought upon his son. He didn't wish for his first encounter with his child to end disastrously. As it was, he wasn't looked upon as the most compassionate of gods. He looked around for anything to help him in his quest to restore what little trust was left between them. Whenever he laid eyes on his trident did he have an idea. He stood in front of his son and banged his trident hard in front of the weeping man, startling him. The stare he was met with only made his heart heavier with regret. He cleared his throat and held his weapon out towards his offspring, who only looked back warily with slight confusion twisting his atattractive features. \"Take hold of the trident my son.\" Poseidon proclaimed loudly with sureness on his glowing face. Theseus looked at him quizzically, but reached out reluctantly keeping his eyes upon the gods as he took hold of the legendary weapon. He held it in his hands, felt the cold rush through his body until he was enthralled in the odd sensation. He looked at himself and back at his father. \"W-what have you done to me?\" He questioned rising from the bed, a little sluggish and strenuously tugged the heavy weapon close. \"Follow me. I will tell you on the way.\" The king explained swiftly making his way towards the door leading outside. Theseus faltered a moment, but followed nonetheless. Outside Poseidon placed a hand to the small of his back and pushed him along quickly to the drop off of Olympus and turned to him as they reached the end. \"I have made it be so that you appear to the humans as a ragged old woman. But I am only doing this for six hours, Theseus, because any more than that will compromise the visage.\" Poseidon spoke quickly looking around for others. \"Why are you doing this?\" Theseus asked confused as to why the sudden enchantment. The look he received was his father's loving all knowing smile. He took both hands and laid them either side of the mortals face and came close, whispering. \"I am doing this because I love you. How could I, as your father stand there and watch his son that he could never help for so long, miss his first chance to act as a loving parent would. I know what I did to you was wrong-\" \"No! No, you thought I was crying because of what we did? No, I-it was what I had done that brought me to tears and embarrassed you!\" Theseus quipped in, face written in worry and concern. Poseidon was relieved to say the least and he sighed as he continued. \"Well, I know you must miss Phaedra, so I am giving you this opportunity to see her again and possibly settle a few matters. But you will be in my likeness, so please,\" he gives the other a slight squeeze.\"Do not try to draw to much attention to yourself that will be held negatively towards me.\" His smile great as his son returned the emotion. Theseus' smile faltered as a horrid thought came to mind. \"But what of Zeus? Will he not be angered by this?\" The mortal asked panicked once again. \"What he doesn't know of, won't kill him will it?\" Poseidon's smile widened as his eyes took on a mischievous look. \"I will distract him as you are down there.\" \"How? And how will I return?\" \"You need not worry yourself about that. Simply hold my trident towards Olympus and call out my name and I shall retrieve you.\" His father explained seriously now, \"Oh, lest I forget. You will appear as yourself to Phaedra and only her.\" With that Poseidon pushed him off the ledge as Athena came out onto the opening. Done with another chapter![Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Disclaimer: I do not own Immortals or any of its characters Warning: Godcest Thanks for harassing me about this story guys! \"What are thou doing over here alone Poseidon? Perhaps, seeking out another young maiden?\" Athena asked dryly as she looked over at her uncle from a bench nearby. The smile that planted itself across Poseidon's face was convincing enough to go along with Athena's question. He turned around walking towards his niece slowly looking to the ground as he slowed his racing heart. \"Surely father will not be happy to hear of this.\" She threatened with a tight smile stretching her lovely face. The king of the oceans paused in his stride and looked at the woman coyly. \"Well, whatever he does not know of will not hurt him, shall it? And if someone were to not have say of it, then there would be no trouble.\" He casually explained taking seat next to the goddess, challenging her with his own lighthearted threat. She threw him a dangerous look as she stood looking to him before scurrying off to find her father and complain about her uncle's whereabouts once again. He absolutely loved the girl to death, but couldn't take her hypocrisy. One moment she is loyal and just, then the next would go against all she stands for and for who she holds most dear. He only wondered where she had received that frustrating trait from. Now off to distract his brother from Theseus' and his owns deviously brilliant plan underway. The clouds flew overhead and around him as he fell faster than a diving eagle against the mountainside. Theseus hadn't ever really been afraid of heights, but he had really never fallen from the peak of the heavens before. He flayed his arms out to his sides in a vain attempt to stabilize himself, although he did realize he had absolutely no chance of surviving this fall being human and all. How could Poseidon even think— Then it hit him. Poseidon aforementioned he had received his powers, no? He had his almighty Trident that controlled the seas and everything in it. So why not use it to his advantage? He swung the weapon ahead of him and let out a cry as he straightened out to dive quicker into the unpromising waters below. Perhaps he had a better chance of survival if he landed in the waters, but at the rate he was falling; he was uncertain if he should be quick enough to surface. With the thought of possible death by drowning, he laid flat to the side in an effort to slow his rapidly accelerating speed. The frigid wind caught his side and he was blown into a downward spiral. The warrior was disorientedly shot into a nearby seaside cliff. Luckily, the mountain had been vacated and no one could have heard the impact, nor felt it. He laid there a moment contemplating what had just happened and marveling in the fact that he had indeed survived that fall. What it was to be as powerful as a god. He mentally reminded himself to never disobey or raise any of the gods to anger. The mortal rose from the crater and peered over the ledge of the cliff. The drop was more than 100 feet, but he simply held onto the trident and delved right in, a large grin pulling at his face. He dove into the ocean and closed his eyes as he let the coolness of the waters ease his racing heart and quell his thoughts. Poseidon walked down the corridors with a watchful eye out for his brother. When he reached the gods chamber he easily reclined against a pillar waiting and watching his brother move about his room frantically. He felt small tugs at the corners of his lips as he watched the god of thunder mumble to himself. \"You need not worry so much brother. It'll ail you.\" \"Well, Poseidon, some of us have more to do than just sit about and chase young mortal women.\" Was the supreme rulers sour response to his approaching sibiling. A hearty laugh escaped the blond as he stood face to face with his king who held an equally pleasant smile about his features. Evergreen eyes wandered as they were met with the sure stare of the thunder gods. And with a sigh the ruler of Olympus turned back to his thoughts. The oceanic god eyed the royal bedchamber and strode to it casually plopping himself upon his side, gaze upwards to the sky. A few more hours till Theseus was due back and he would give him as much time as he could. Golden locks shined as his head lulled to a side, eyes catching Zeus' sidelong stare. Poseidon tried to hold back a smile as he was suddenly enthralled with an idea. He leaned back onto his elbows and taughtened his body, posing rather appealing he thought, with a somewhat innocent look on his face, as he pursed his lips, looking through his lashes to his brother. \"Say, why don't you rest awhile and delight me in one of your tales? Has it not been long since we last spent time whilst in each others presence so intimately?\" He rambled luring the grown man close. Zeus stopped just in front of the man and playfully eyeing the man before him. It had been too long since these brothers last spent time together. \"Well I suppose I could tell you the story about the man that tempted the ruler of Olympus.\" \"I dont think I have ever heard this one. Continue.\" The blond invited, resting on his elbows facing the dark haired man fully, legs spreading in welcome. Zeus took the initiative and settled between the toned thighs \"There was a man, a beautifully handsome man, that was loved dearly by the King of the gods.\"The other shook his head in agreement,\"One day he came to the Kings very chambers and proposed himself to the god and it was all the immortal king could do to not make him his at that very moment.\" \"And why not? Why wouldn't he if the other was totally ready and willing?\" The other asked confused. A small smile played at the one from above's face as he leaned forward, placing his hands either side of the curious sea gods head. Dipping low enough to whisper into the mans sensitive neck. \"Because, had I had fallen for his devious tricks, then, perhaps I wouldn't have noticed the missing scepter and missing mortal.\" If Poseidon was affected by this comment then he didn't let it faze him. He simply looked back at his brother solidly. Zeus on the other hand sighed outwardly, sitting back on his haunches tightening his face in frustration. \"What am I to do with you.\" Resonated in the air as the two stayed silent a moment. \"Nothing, because you agree with my actions. But please, if you are going to chastise anyone let it be me and not Theseus. He was unaware of what he was doing as wrong.\" Surprised at what he was hearing coming from his brother , who was usually trivial on mortal affairs, was now pleading for this man and willing to take punishment. Zeus smiled at the compassion his sibling had for Theseus and ran a hand through beach wave hair, admiring the softness of it. Perhaps his brother was getting soft with age. He supposed he could come to like that trait in him. Figuring there was no point in chastisement, Zeus took hold of the blonds rosy tanned cheeks and brought their lips together in a fleeting kiss that cleared their minds of anything else besides the other. Poseidon gripped dark locks pressing them together, deepening the kiss. The thunder god hooked an arm around a tanned knee pushing it up and sideways exposing the man below. He pressed himself close to the body, reveling in the opposing power he felt radiating off his brothers skin. He ground their connected hips, lips parting as they groaned their pleasure. Poseidon hooked his other leg around his kings waist, arms circling his neck and forehead against the others cheek. He squeezed his eyes shut, mouth hanging open as his skirt was pulled away and was met with equally bare, blazing skin against his. They rutted against each other awhile till they could not take anymore of the senseless play of their youth. They had known one another many times in the past, but this long absence apparently had taken its toll on both ends. Zeus made to take his brother, but was thrown onto his back only to be straddled by a smiling sea god. He narrowed his eyes at the obvious challenge. Poseidon never much liked to be taken, and that seemed to be the case this time as well. The elder went to grab his tanned stomach, but was denied that as well. He glared at the other until he saw no less felt the sensual roll of those mighty hips on his groin. He clenched his jaw not wanting to give the other his submission, and was once again taken by surprise. He carefully surveyed his brother as he rose on his knees, placing a hand flat on his chest as he lent forward placing a surprisingly gentle kiss on his mouth. And without warning firmly took the king of the gods cock in hand, stroking it a few times before aiming it with his entrance. He could hear Poseidon inhale sharply through his nose as he lowered himself on Zeus' shaft. Blue eyes met the sea and strong hands gripped powerful thighs. The blonde moved first and with it came the crescendo of movements and pleasurable sounds. They moved as one, gripping the other as though they would float away if they did not. Time was lost to them as they drove each other to their limits. The tensions that consistently fractured their relationship faded away with their inhibitions. Zeus looked to the pleading face his brother was giving him and could not stop himself from fixing it. He put the blonde on his back, curling him under him as he began to pummel into him. He wrapped his hand around the others swollen cock, and moved his hand aggressively in order to get anymore of those delicious sounds out of the usually paramount figure. He knew that they were both close to finishing. The elder held the other close, pressing their foreheads together so that he could watch the other in his most vulnerable of moments. Why had he not been more aggressive to be able to participate in this sort of affair with Poseidon more often? Theseus clung to the weighty trident as he made his way up the narrow cliff side. He was almost jogging up the familiar jagged pathway as he envisioned arriving at his childhood home and seeing her. Seeing Phaedra standing outside in all her radiance, watching their son play about his fathers statue. His son. He had a son with the woman he had experienced life and death with, the woman he had grown to love through all that they had suffered.b This revelation brought him strength to accelerate and run up the path, to his home, to her arms, to their arms. When he reached the height of the village he could already hear the bustling of the small ocean side place. He could almost make out the words being shouted, the laughs being thrown, and the children playing. The warrior could not stop the face splitting grin that grew from the fleeting pit of his stomach. He could not stop his legs as they grew in pace and he found himself just at the edge of the town. He inhaled deeply, smelling burning incense and sweet flora. His eyes scanned the area to see what had changed and what had not. Certainly the most significant of change was the overwhelmingly large marble statue of himself in battle. There were children about it playing gods and demons, others were merely musing over the fact that they had known him. His ears picked up on a whimsical tone that pulled at him. He arrived at the doors to the temple of Poseidon, unsurprisingly, but hesitantly followed the light tone. The warrior trudged up the steps to the altar where the hymns were strongest and froze midway onto the top, because of what he saw. A woman prostrated before the shrine of Poseidon, long dark hair around her as she prayed. Theseus almost laughed, ever the faithful one his Phaedra. \"Phaedra?\" :,) ","Summary":" Disclaimer- I do not own immortals or any of its characters Theseus' eyes were grounded to the slow"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"Mrs de Winter  The Ashes of Manderley","Author":"oldsoul01","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2980336","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mrsnde Winter: The ashes of Manderley Whatnhappened after that terrible night at Manderley? Will Maxim and hisnwife ever live happily ever after? Thisnstory will hopefully answer these questions. NOTE:nThis story is mainly based on the movie version of Rebecca, butndoes feature a few events from the book. (Also,nthe title Mrs de Winter, has no connection with the book of the samenname, this fanfic is completely my own) Chaptern1: The phoenix Inwatched a terrible memory burn in a fiery blaze. I could feel thenheat from the house burning the skin on my face. Thenfeeling was almost hypnotic; I could not look away as the flamesndanced about the house. Wenwere all silent as we watched the great Manderley burn away into thennight. Infelt a guilty wave of relief stir up inside me. Manderley was Rebeccanto me. A great, beautiful, shadow looming over me. She was alwaysnthere. Watching me. I felt her. She was in the walls, in the darkncorridors, her lingering, haunting presence taunting me. But now shenwas nothing, just a faint memory. A bad dream that we had all awokennfrom. Her memory could not be drowned, but it could be burnt, burntnso that only ashes would remain. Ashes that would fly away, throughnthe air...and disappear. Mrs.nDanvers. I did not know what to feel. What a spiteful soul she was,ncruel, and terribly ill. Consumed by her obsession. It killed her innthe end. I hated her, yes, and the icy hostility that she treated menwith...but for her to die...did she deserve that? I didn't know. Shenwas there somewhere, in that house, burning. Oh, no, no. I shut myneyes trying to make the morbid thoughts and images disappear. Infelt my eyes become terribly dry from the heat. They began to waternas I clutched tighter to Maxim's thick wooly coat. I could look nonmore as I buried my face in his chest. PoornMaxim. He had endured so much lately, so much emotional hardship. Intried to comfort him through it, but I couldn't always reach him.nWhen we would talk, sometimes he would trail off or become silent.nGetting a particular look in his eyes. Going off to a far away placenin his mind, a place where I could not always retrieve him from. Infelt guilty, feeling so relieved. Manderley was Maxim's family home.nA home holding so many memories, good and bad. He had always lovednManderley, I could tell by the expression on his face whenever henspoke of it. But during Rebecca's reign of terror, the sweetness ofnManderley turned sour. I turned my head and looked back at the house,nglowing with all of it's angry colours. Incould almost feel the ghosts of the past leaving, flying past us in anhot gust of wind. The house resembled a great demon, the windowsnablaze like fiery eyes, and the great doors like a roaring mouth. Inlooked up at Maxim's face, his mouth open. Still in disbelief of whatnwas taking place. The expression in his eyes was a mixture of horrornand confusion. I wrapped my arms around him and tightened my grip. Henlooked down at me, a single tear forming in his eye. He did not saynanything. I looked him in his dark eyes and saw the fire's reflectionndancing there. \"The past is dead, it is time for happiness.\"nI told him with my eyes. Something evil had been laid to rest. Inpulled his head down toward me and held it, stroking his hair. Pastnwords echoed in my mind. \"In a few hours, you've grown sonmuch older.\" Those words stung when I first heard them, butnnow it felt different. Maybe Rebecca helped me, in some small way.nPerhaps she helped me to grow up, to mature. To shed the shy littlenchild exterior, like a caterpillar breaking free of its cocoon. Tonleave it behind. When I first met Maxim, he always looked after me ,nprotected me . But now we could equally protect and look afterneach other. Thenfiremen's hoses rained water on to the flames. The water seemed to benflowing forever, and soon the fire's brightness began to die. Thenlight in our eyes and faces grew dark, soon only the pale blue lightnof the moon remained. The fire grew dim and soon flickered out. Inlooked back at the house, only a skeleton of it's former self. It'snsoul had escaped, leaving only a jagged shell. Half of the house wasnexposed, the roof was gone and the floors had burned away. Whatnwould happen now? I wondered. What now for us? I began to think ofnthe phoenix, I had always been fascinated with it as a child. Mynfather used to tell me about the Greek myth. I imagined us, Maxim andnI, as a phoenix which must rise from the ashes. Leaving behind thenruin, and nightmares, spreading our wings. Flying away, into a newnday. TonBe Continued...[Chapter 2] Mrsnde Winter: The ashes of Manderley Chaptern2: Solace in the night Incouldn't sleep. was the last thing I could do that night. I lay on mynback staring vaguely at the , white ceiling of Beatrice's guest room.nMaxim stirred beside me. I wondered how he could sleep and I couldnnot. So much had happened, so much had changed. But soon Maxim'snpeaceful sleep became a restless and tormented one. He began to tossnand turn next to me, twisting the sheets around him as he moved. Inheard him mumble, could not make out what he said. More mumbling andnmurmuring came. \"Henmust be dreaming.\" Inthought as I waited to see if he would speak again. \"W-where?\"nMaxim called weakly, still sleeping. Insat up in bed and turned towards him. \"Wherenare you?\" He cried louder. Henthen began to thrash around, moving his legs frantically, his armsnoutstretched if reaching for something. Inreached over and gently nudged him awake. Maxim's eyes flutterednopen, his face held an expression of pure fear. I touched his facenlightly, wiping sweat from his brow. Henbreathed heavily, his eyes darting around the room as if he hadnforgotten where he was. He suddenly reached forward and held mentightly, pulling me back down into bed. I closed my eyes, my cheeknpressed firmly against his, his arms clasped around my body. Inexhaled deeply, still maintaining his grip on me. \"Inwas so frightened.\" he said finally, his voice shaky withnemotion. \"I thought I'd lost you.\" \"I'mnhere darling, I'm all right.\" I said soothingly. Inmoved up and kissed his dark head before stroking it with my hand. Itnwas a strange feeling, to be the one reassuring, soothing, calming.nHe now seemed like a frightened little boy, crying out for love andncomfort. Inwrapped my arms around his trembling form and sunk lower into thenbed, fixing the covers. He faced me trying to steady his breathing,nhis forehead still damp and glistening in the pale light. I caressednhis face with my hand. Maxim pressed his lips against my palmnwhispering things that I couldn't hear. The electricity from ournskins contact made my breath quicken. Maxim then moved his faceninches from mine. \"Myndarling.\" He said before kissing my lips ever-so lightly. Henkissed me again, this time more deeply, parting my lips with his own.nThe kiss became more passionate as Maxim ran his hand down the lengthnof my body, resting it on my abdomen. His lips moved to my neck as henplanted hot and urgent kisses. I groaned with pleasure, causing himnto roll on top of me, his kisses becoming more feverish. Sonstrong were the feelings that Maxim was stirring within me, so strongnwas the love I felt, the passion. Gone was that inexperienced littlengirl with a crush, here lay a grown woman in love. Intraced my fingers along Maxim's broad shoulders as I looked into hisndark eyes.beautiful and deep they were, filled with love andndesire...but there was something else. It was fear. The fear of a mannwho had lost so much, a man who had almost lost his wife. Inreached forward and kissed him, abandoning any shyness I had, thennkissing his neck with a feather-like touch.moved my lips to his ear,nkissing it gently. A soft groan could be heard from Maxim, hisnbreathing becoming more rapid.then resumed kissing me, holding mynbody tightly to his, whispering my name. \"OhnGod I love you, I love you, I love you...\" He repeated overnagain as we held each other in the darkness. BEnCONTINUED fornthe reviews :) ","Summary":" Mrsnde Winter: The ashes of Manderley Whatnhappened after that terrible night at Manderley? Will Ma"},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"Colorin Colorado","Author":"NataliaAlianovna2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13206558","Passage":"[Chapter 1] »Una vez hubo una hermosa princesa cautiva en un castillo. Su madrastra, una mujer malvada, quiso acabar con la amenaza que ella le presentaba: por su encanto, por su belleza, por lo magnífica que era... Así que le encargó a alguien que hiciera el Trabajo Sucio. Mas el hombre no fue lo suficientemente fuerte, y la dejó ir; queriendo la Fortuna que ella acabara en la casa de unos grandes hombres... Ellos le ofrecieron su hogar, cautivados por la bondad que irradiaba... Aunque uno de ellos cometió el error de permitirse enamorarse de ella. Con el tiempo llegó un príncipe, que no pudo resistirse a la belleza de la princesa y cayó prendado suyo. Y ella, que jamás había conocido hombre igual, no dudó en corresponderle... Así que ambos supieron enfrentar a sus enemigos hombro contra hombro, con la intención de poder lograr estar juntos al final. Y alcanzaron su cometido, uniéndose en una boda con todo el esplendor que pudieron obtener... Tanto el príncipe como la princesa fueron felices para siempre. Y colorín colorado este cuento se ha acabado... —¿Y qué pasó con él? —¿Qué pasó con quien? —Con el hombre que se enamoró de la princesa... —Simplemente se contentó con verla feliz, aunque que otro fuera quien causara esa felicidad lo rompía por dentro. Él siguió con su vida, aunque siempre preguntándose qué podría haber pasado de haberle querido ella así como él lo hacía. —¿Cómo lo sabes, papá? Media Pinta sonrió de forma torcida, como siempre lo hacía, y le revolvió el cabello con la mano a su hija. —Yo solo lo supongo, Nieves. Cada vez que veo esa película amo a ese enano más. Y me desespera que Blamca Nieves ni caso le haga xD. ","Summary":" »Una vez hubo una hermosa princesa cautiva en un castillo. Su madrastra, una mujer malvada, quiso a"},{"Movie":"Rebecca","Title":"The things I dare not speak - Maxim de Winter's uncensored confession","Author":"Benoit Levacher-Dubreuil","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9290319","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There are certain things my wife does not know. Thank God for that. When I finally got her in my secret - that Rebecca had not been drowned but died from my very hand instead, those were things I could keep from her without the threat of her suspecting me to have delivered a mere travesty of a confession. I guess her Manichean vision of the world counts for much. To her I was Rebecca's victim, not her tormentor. Why should it be otherwise? She envisions being a wife as a source of duties - not privilege. Never would she have understood Rebecca's views - nor would have she been able to create them for herself. She is not quite the sort of argumentative young woman and would not question one word of what is said to her - which she anyhow regards as gospel truth. Never, even over the scenes we've had since we were married, has she stood for herself and fought me back. She's taken absolutely everything. She's simply devoted to me. She's in complete denial of my dark side. I sometimes wonder if I even look half like the man she's married. Is it me she loves or the quixotic vision she has of me? At least, that's what I inspire to her. Love. And I do love her. She makes the world look so simple. And so I told her I hated Rebecca. It looked so simple. So easy. Why can things not be easy? Ease I've been craving ever since I was a child and my late first wife was never able to give it to me. For things were far more complex. I had not always hated Rebecca and I could not say if she ever truly hated me. I guess one could even say we loved each other at first. Or thought we did. I would never have thought of any reason to hate her then - but for that blasted afternoon on the heights of Monte Carlo. I will always remember it. Vividly. When they lay my body in cold earth, that memory shall still be living inside of my corpse. I said to my second wife that Rebecca told me things I shall never repeat to a living soul. What I did not say was that her confessions came as an answer to something I said. Something that sounds rather silly indeed now that I look back. Over half of my life is gone now, but back then I was a thirty-year-old chap, an aristocrat into the bargain. Proud, arrogant, full of ready-made thoughts. And full of contempt for one who would not fit in that tidy little world of mine. And so I never realised how despicable it might have sounded to her when I said: 'No man on the Earth could possibly be happier, luckier than I am. They will all envy me now for having married the most beautiful woman in creation. But that's precisely why I need you to swear again that you're only mine till death do us part.' I was looking at the road, and so I could not see her. She remained quiet for a while. Then, I heard her saying: 'Is it me or yourself you put in doubt?' And then she said no more. I remember her silence made me feel anxious. I realised the road ahead of us came to an end and so I pulled up by the edge of a 500 feet deep precipice. We were on the highest cliff overlooking the French Riviera landscape, that damn cliff I should always remember from that day on. We got out of the car and walked to the edge of the precipice. I was stunned by the view and so was probably she for she had still not spoken. I looked at her. She was looking the opposite way so I could not see her face. Her long dark hair and her silk dress were blowing. She was a real vision. But her silence made me feel increasingly uncomfortable. I was not used to it. She would always have something to say, especially when it came to landscapes. 'Is anything the matter, my love? Why are you not saying anything?', I finally asked. She turned to me and I did not know what to think. Her usually china-like complexion had turned a slight pink and her lips were slightly parted in an awkward smile. 'What is it?' I said. 'Nothing', she answered, but her voice gave her away. I felt my jaws tighten. There were things she was not willing to say. Things that she was trying to conceal. It was that the undertones of her voice in that moment that started our misery. Had it not been for them, I might have never learned about the very things I was better off not knowing. Had it not been for these undertones, we might have lived as husband and wife. We might even have been happy together. 'What is it?' I asked again, angrily this time. 'Good Lord, Max! How funny you can be sometimes…' she murmured. 'I wish you had not put me ill at ease, that's all' she went on. 'What the hell did I say?' 'That thing in the car, about me being only yours…' She sounded genuinely sad, which I then thoroughly chose to ignore. 'There is nothing much to be ill at ease about, then. Is it not the sort of thing men ask from their wives?' Something about her face changed that instant. Her expression went darker, and there was a mixture of despair and loathing reflected in her eyes. For the first time I chose not speak a word. She looked at me in utter distress. 'Dear Max, those things I said in the church… they're nothing but the conventional sort of things a priest expects a bride to say… I never thought they could fool anyone.' 'What?'I barked, and my yell echoed in the cove below. 'Do you expect me to be the treasure he jealously keeps from the world? Max, I shall never be your possession. I thought you knew that. I thought the idea of freedom between us was as obvious for you as it is for me.' 'How perfectly silly', I said abruptly between my teeth. 'If you wanted freedom, then why did you marry me?' 'I married you because I wanted you to be my husband. Not my jailer. Why do you have to ask me for something that I cannot give you?' A tremendous wrath suddenly got hold of me as I realised the sheets were still immaculate the morning after our wedding night, something I somehow took no notice of at the time. Presently I understood. 'Have been having lovers?' I was looking down at the precipice. 'What a silly question to ask, Max!' she said, her voice filled with exasperation. She paused for one second. 'How can you expect me not to have? ' 'You're a disgrace! You're nothing but a filthy little cheat!' How dare she treat the de Winter's name with such disrespect, I thought. 'And what are you, uh?' she bursted out, 'Were you expecting to be your own perfect undefiled bride? I should have put a chastity belt on and thrown the key way, shouldn't I, while as a bachelor you would go wenching as free as you please! 'Men have been seeking my favours ever since I turned sixteen. They turned at me when I was just twelve years old. And I should just have rejected them, do you say? Just like I should have rejected you, then? 'A cheat am I, uh? Me thinks that you just lack any sense of integrity!' She was right. Of course she was. But I simply could not stand it. To this very day I've never been able to regard women as men's equals. Not that I consider them being physically or mentally inferior. I just can't think of them having equal rights with comfort. It was right for me to do certain things and expect them to be forbidden to women. And this was precisely what she was being rebellious to. I kept looking down to the precipice, and vertigo got hold of me. The discovery I had made was pure agony and my head felt dizzy. The silver surface on the sea looked closer and closer… Much closer than it indeed was. The woman I had married was to be a source of torment… Despair and wrath were my masters in that moment. She must have guessed what my feelings were and she told me that the men she had belonged to the past. 'There is no reason why I should let other men touch me if you can make me happy. And this is strictly up to you. That's why I can't swear I'll be eternally yours.' She was challenging me. I didn't know how I felt about it. I was offended of course. But my feelings weren't plain at this point. There were other things. And then I realised I was still wanting her and that I did not hate her. And I started to laugh uncontrollably. She looked at me curiously. And she started laughing with me. 'All right, Max, I'll be the perfect wife...'[Chapter 2] We had come back to Manderley, shortly after the episode in Monte Carlo, a young happy couple full of expectations. She had promised me to make our marriage a tremendous success, to make it talked about as the greatest success of the age. As for what we had been arguing about, nobody needed to know. I had decided that she was right after all. Why should she be blamed for what she had done in the past when I would never have to face questions as to how many women I had known before her? And she at least kept her promise in the beginning. Manderley was a tomb of a mansion hidden amidst the wilderness of its surrounding woods. Within a couple of months she had it turned to an exquisite place of beauty, brought colours and warmth where they had never been, dug out treasures that had been kept locked in dark, unused rooms. Portraits found their place in the minstrels gallery, Raeburn's paint of Caroline de Winter being the central piece of the collection. Every corner of the estate was landscaped with impeccable state, flowers in full bloom nearly the whole year round: those massive rhododendrons by the end of the drive, roses of all sorts by the East wing, azaleas in the Happy Valley, the scent of which was enough to intoxicate the mind. And the rooms of the West wing who looked upon the sea. Those abandoned rooms, the walls of which were bare stone when she first saw them. She fell in love with them at once. She had them decorated in that same blasted faultless taste of hers. And I must admit that I was tremendously happy. She made me happy. There was not one day that she did not make magical, not one night when we would not make love. In September that year we had our first reception. She had sent out dozens of invitations. All of them received an RSVP yes. All the little world from this remote corner of England was to attend. And that's when I started feeling nervous about it. I could not think of these people as living according to those standards of freedom Rebecca had talked about on that cliff. The day finally came. All our guests immediately worshiped her. She knew exactly how to present herself in front of them, and it striked me how deceiving the image she gave of her to them was. I could not help wondering what these people would have thought, had they known what our relationship was truly like, what our agreement really was. And I felt ashamed because I was tolerating a compromission other husbands at this party had certainly never faced. I felt inferior to them because unlike them my wife did not belong to me. I was still, I would always be on trial with her. And I was sure other men would not compose with that. That was wrong. When we went to bed that night, I did not touch her. I could not. Neither could I the following night. Nor the night after that. At first she did not seem to mind that, but when this abstinence had lasted for one week, she started noticing it. When she asked what was wrong, I tried to elude the subject. I thought my doubts would go as they had come. But she was not the type to be contented with evasive answers. When she found out I felt ashamed, she just smiled sadly. She said nothing. A fortnight after this reception, we were back to spending our nights together as we had done in the past, but my doubts would never leave me completely. In fact they had got firmly rooted inside of me, and I knew she knew. She had her boat brought from Brittany and got the old boathouse that we had in the bay turned into a cottage. One night she came to me, grabbed my hand and took me down there. She had had everything arranged for us to spend a romantic night together. But it did not work. It was too late. Shame was rooted too deeply. Whenever I would close the eyes, I got racked by doubt. There was nothing I could do. I broke down and said to her I did not think our marriage to be a normal one. When she asked how I thought a normal marriage should be defined, I was incapable of answering. That was the night I think she gave up on me. The next morning she behaved unusually coldly to me. I felt hurt. That same day in the evening, when I wanted to join her, she simply rejected me. Each one's turn, her gaze meant. We did not sleep together that night. I thought she would leave yearning for a couple of days so that I would learn my lesson. But this lasted seven, then ten, soon it had been lasting for over twenty days. And I knew then what a fool I had been to let myself overwhelm with doubt for something had broken because of it. One night I heard her leaving her bedroom. It must have been eleven. When she reached the door leading to the staircase leading down the hall, I risked an eye through my open door and saw that she was wearing her sailing kit. She was off to her cottage. I wondered hat would she be doing there with a feel of anguish clunching my stomach. She spent the night there. I could not set an eye for the whole night. At about three o'clock that night I went down to the library and helped me with whisky and soda. As I came back upstairs I came face to face with one of our youngest scullery maids. Whisky and frustration operated their master power upon me. I boldy grabbed her by the hand and took her to my room where I spent the night with her. When I came downstairs for breakfast in the morning, Rebecca was sitting in her usual place. She fixed me for one instant and ordered the servants out. She then said calmly that her personal maid, Mrs Danvers - Danny, as she called her, had seen me last night. I had reset the game, she said, rules were altered. She had done everything in her power to make our marriage work but I persisted in making it fail miserably because of my rigid morals. I was jealous through and through to the extent that I had not stood the idea of her away from her bedroom for a lmere peaceful night at the cottage - her favourite place on the that day on, I would have to tolerate her doing what she pleased as she pleased. I said Manderley was my home. Why, she replied, wasn't it as hers as it was mine? She had made Manderley what it was now, hadn't she? She took a flat in London and grew more and more independant. She did no longer care what my feelings would be about what she did. I knew she started having lovers again - and that ended driving us from each other. And on this went for years. I spent most of my days with Frank, my manager estate. Only could help me forget my misery because he did not know anything of my situation and I was away from Rebecca when I was with him. We grew closer and closer - as close as friends can be. And then one day, he said he wanted to leave. We argued for two hours and he finally told me that Rebecca was constantly trying to seduce him. I immediately went to Rebecca. She roared with laughter before denying the whole of Frank's story. I was a moronic puffed up bastard, always ready to believe any one who would suck up to him. In any case, she said, hadn't she a god-damn right to entertain herself? I had no one but myself to blame for this situation, hadn't I? She went off to London straight after that scene, only to come back to Manderley about one month afterwards. When she came back she started inviting her friends. I did not quite mind until I bumped into her favourite cousin. Jack Favell. Not only was his record filthy. She probably cared more for him than she did for me by then. That thought sickened me. How could we ever ended there? I told her Favell was not to set a foot on the estate again. She soon avenged herself. In her view, I had attacked her family and it backfired when she took my sister Beatrice's husband, Giles, on her boat where she most obviously started on him as she had done with Frank. It was also a lesson she taught Beatrice for never having approved of her. And then it came. That fateful night, when I found her waiting for Favell in the cottage. When I announced to her I intended to make a divorce case against her, she simply laughed at me. There was no way she would let me do that. And she wouldn't need fight hard. The whole of the county adored her and would side her, even if I was a de Winter. And there was more She was expecting her first child. Only it was not, it could not be from me. That was the conclusion brought to years of marriage. A supreme betrayal. We had both had it coming.[Chapter 3] There was no turning back from there. She had to die. I would shoot her to death and bury her in the cove. I held the gun firmly, ready to fire. Then I feared the noise of the detonation would give me away. And I feared that her body would be recovered when some dog from the neighborhoods would come and dig where its nose told it something, someone was buried. And then the hole done by the bullet would steal be visible. They would know she had been killed, and I would be the easiest person to suspect for her murder. It was far too risky. There would always be a risk that her body would be recovered. Any injure caused to her by a human hand could be identified. Soils were soaked in sea water and the only alternative to hide her was the sea itself. A human body, when kept still in a cold and wet environment, does not fully rot, it will always keep enouh evidence to tell the world its own story. Mortuary wax, they call it. Her death had to be an accident. Or at least needed to look like it. With the butt of my gun I knocked her on the head. Hard. She did not move for a second, that smile of hers still on her face. then she collapsed. Her eyes turned glassy, yet she was smiling still. For one second I thought she was dead, but the illusion was broken by the imperceptible motion of her chest. She merely had lost consciousness. Just as I had wanted her to. I knew exactly what I had to do. I had to act fast. I carried her to the boat and laid her on the cabin floor. I did not turn the light on in the cabin. I took her yacht to the sea, with the plan to sink her in deep water where it would be impossible to find her. But the elements were against me, the fierce wind blowing from the west, making the frail yacht drift to the left side of the cove where it would go crashing against the rocks within minutes. I went to the cabin and opened the sea cocks. There was a spike leaning on the one of the walls. I took it and went out of the cabin. I locked the door from the outside. The portholes in the cabin were too narrow to provide an escape. I was about to leave on the dinghy when my blood curdled. She had banged on the cabin door. She was conscious again and was banging repeatedly against the door. I hastily jumped into the dinghy, started rowing backwards and watched her sink. Then they began. Her screams. I knew then that water must have started flooding the cabin heavily. She would be drowned. She would because I had locked her in a coffin of a boat that was taking on water with no way to escape. I pictured her alone and helpless in the pitch black night of the cabin, with oxygen getting fewer and fewer, water reaching her knees, and then her waist, and breasts… She would desperately try to keep herself at the surface, knowing there was nothing she could do, that the end was ineluctable. Soon it would be her neck, and then her chin, her lips. Her nostrils. Her eyes, wide open in their eye-sockets. The cabin sank underwater and took her screams with it, silencing them forever. Only the bow was emerging still. Moon appeared from amongst the clouds and casted an opal light on those two words painted in green on the bow : Je reviens. And I knew then she would come back, no matter how I tried to escape her, she would come back. As a ghost, perhaps. Or maybe as evidence against me in a court of law where an inquest over her murder case would take place. Or simply as guilt. I killed Rebecca. I killed her spirit and I destroyed everything of her, to her very wish for a painless death. I am a murderer and a tormentor. That's what my second wife is so wrong about. And when I join the dead, everlasting images of Monte Carlo's cliffs together with my guilt is what they bury me with. ","Summary":" There are certain things my wife does not know. Thank God for that. When I finally got her in my se"},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"Stay","Author":"Christine Writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8420632","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Mirror Mirror. \"When I was locked away, I did a lot of reading. The stories I read always told of princes saving princesses. I want to change that ending.\" \"Snow, please.\" Alcott locked eyes with her and grasped at her fingers through the grate on the door. He leaned his forehead against the grate. Everything in him yearned to be on the other side of it. \"Don't go. If you won't let me fight for you, please stay here.\" \"I can't endanger all of you.\" \"Snow,\" Alcott pleaded. \"Unlock the door. I lost you once. I can't lose you again.\" \"You mean the world to me.\" Snow leaned in and kissed him through the grate. \"Don't!\" Alcott begged, but not as a bewitched puppy. As a man rendered helpless and hopeless as he watched the one person who meant everything to him walk away into certain peril. Alcott fought against the door, but it wouldn't budge. He shook it in despair, crying out Snow's name as he watched her disappear into the night. His heart broke as he realized that she would always love him, but she would never let him fight for her. Not now, and not ever. And what do princes do best, but fight to protect the one they love? ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Mirror Mirror. \"When I was locked away, I did a lot of reading. The stori"},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"Red","Author":"XDancing-in-the-dark","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9929961","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dark Wonders Chapter 1 By: glamorous-jade I can hear the sound of the rain drops on my window frame, staring into space waiting for winter to end. All I can see is the wet grass in the backyard and I would almost feel the thunder rolling through the mountains from the distance. \"Claire, Claire…your friend is here.\" A voice from down stairs echoing to my room. That was my foster mom Rachel calling my name. She took care of me since I was about five years old. My mom and dad died in a car crash when I was a little girl, I don't recall what they looked like but all I know is that Rachel isn't my real mother. \"Coming!\" I shouted out down the hall as I was running down the stairs. When I came down and got to the door I found my best friend Matt standing in front of me, with a sunflower. He had blonde wispy hair and brown eyes, he was tall. No really, he was about 6.5. \"Hey… um I got you a flower, I thought it would brighten up your day.\" He said with a soft smile. \"Aw, thank you, Sunflowers are my favorite.\" I also gave him a smile as I opened the door wider so he can come in. \"Nice outfit.\" He told me as he blushed a little and cleared his throat. I looked down and I was wearing white skinny jeans and a dark t-shirt that had the band Paramore on it, with my long light-pink scene hair in a pony-tail and my eye liner covering my eyes. \"Oh…thank you.\" I told him as Rachel was still watching us. \"Do you want to go do something today in this crappy weather?\" he asked me. \"Uh.. I have a test coming up and I need to study, sorry.\" I said to him witch I lied to him, I don't have a test and who study's for a test? I just didn't feel like talking to anyone today…. The reason why I didn't feel like talking to him today was because I needed to find out if I'm going to that stupid prom which I bet nobody will ask me to go with them, if I do go I wouldn't have fun nobody to dance with or talk to and if I don't go all the girls will make fun of me mostly the prettiest girl in school, Shay, she is the head cheerleader and she has the perfect family and the perfect boyfriend that I will never get. \"Oh…it's cool I understand um… talk to you later.\" He said as he was about to walk out the door. \"Bye see you tomorrow.\" I told him in a quiet voice as he began to shut the door with a small smile. When the door shut I ran up the stairs and making me trip on the top stair witch made me slip, but I got up and ran back up through the hall way and into my room, I didn't know why I was running but I get my stress out by running or something like that. I jumped on my bed and I felt like I wanted to sleep and it was 6:45pm. I slowly closed my eyes and feel right to sleep. I woke up hearing the sound of the rain still drumming on the roof top. I opened my eyes and felt exhausted as I got up and looked at my phone it was only 5:25am and that's when I usually get up for school to get ready and take a nice hot shower and stuff. I went into the bathroom turned on the water and began to strip off my clothes. I had my radio on in the bathroom and my favorite song began to play. It was Katy Perry Part of Me. \"Days like this I want to drive away Pack my bags and watch your shadow fade You chewed me up and spit me out Like I was poison in your mouth You took my light, you drained me down But that was then and this is now now look at me\" I began to sing along to the confident song. \"This is the part of me That you're never gonna ever take away from me, no This is the part of me That you're never gonna ever take away from me, no Throw your sticks and your stones, throw your bombs and your blows But you're not gonna break my soul This is the part of me That you're never gonna ever take away from me, no\" I turned off the water and got out of the steamy bathroom, I went into my closet and found black ripped skinny jeans, a white sweatshirt with thick black strips, and I put on black rose earrings and a set of black bracelet with a skeleton ring along with a hot hat and convers. I straightened my pink hair and sprayed bangs to make them puffy. I put on my makeup eyeliner, shape stick and some purple eye shadow with a hint of black. When I was done with makeup I came down stairs to find a snack, I grabbed a banana and went back upstairs to see if I got everything for school I picked up my bag and leather jacket and left for school the last thing I heard before I went out the door was Rachel saying bye and I gave her a small smile and left. I felt the rain on a head and quickly put on my hood. I always went through the woods to school it was a short cut from all the road work that has been going on. When I was heading to the wet forest I felt like I was being watched, I turned around and found nothing, turned back around and I jumped of fright but it was only my friend Matt. I hit him softly in the arm all he did was laugh. \"Ha, did I scare you?\" he asked a bit cocky. \"Shut up...what are you doing here?\" \"I missed the bus so now I'm your new walking buddy.\" \"Yay how great.\" That was my only response. \"So are you going to prom?\" he asked with a serious face. \"I don't know, are you?\" \"Yep, I'm going with Shay.\" \"SHAY…you're going with Shay?\" I was a bit mad. \"Yep! Aren't I a lucky guy?\" \"Uh I thought she had a boyfriend?\" \"Nope they broke up two days ago.\" \"I don't get it, why do you like her?\" \"No Claire I don't like her…I like you.\" He said to me as he looked me straight in the eye, I was so confused. \"What?\" I said as he was still looking in my eyes. \"Claire the reason why I'm going to the prom with Shay is because she reminds me of you beautiful, smart, and funny but I knew you don't have feelings for me so I asked her to the prom.\" \"Matt look first she is nothing like me and I only think of you as a friend ok so just leave me alone right now please?\" Before I knew it he grabbed my hand, spun me around and kissed me on the lips but I only pushed away and ran through the woods. I ran and ran and I can hear him running after me and calling my name but I ignored the sound of his voice and I lost him, I was almost out of breath and I was still running when I turned to see if he was behind me but before I knew it I feel into a dark hole, all I was seeing was the light closing up on me and the sound of crows croaking at me. Then I passed out to nothing but darkness. I'm new to this site and this is my first story ever. I really hoped you enjoyed it. Please leave nice reviews. Bye. ","Summary":" Dark Wonders Chapter 1 By: glamorous-jade I can hear the sound of the rain drops on my window frame"},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"Thrill of the Hunt","Author":"Juliet'sReplacement","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8703483","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I was watching Mirror Mirror while I was writing this. When Prince Alcott and Snow White showdown in the woods, right after Snow has just finished her \"training\" with the dwarves, a scene popped into my head. If the heroine in a story had been completely trapped, with no way out but death, what if she had lost her fear? What if she had stopped fighting, because there was nothing she could do? This is a quick in-between scene I thought of off the top of my head, right in the middle of their fight, directly before Snow throws the rock at the tree branch which drops the snow onto the horse, causing the horse to kick the hell out of Alcott. :) Enjoy. Alcott had the thin swords with the blades crossed at about the middle, and held them both up at shoulder level in front of him. Snow White jerked her chin back as he held the matching pair of blades up, her heart throwing in an extra beat to its rhythm as she felt the tips of the shiny metal barely graze her neck. Her sword was sharp, she knew, and so was the prince's. But for all that stories and blacksmiths claim swords are razor sharp and would cut a thread draped over them, she had learned from the dwarves that a thin blade was almost useless and unnecessary. A blade had to be thick. Thick and sharp, but not razor thin. None of that mattered right now, she realized as she lifted her chin, trying to pull away from the tips of the blades. She continued to take step after step back as the prince advanced on her, with the path he would take putting her neck directly between the V on the opposite side of him. Snow drew in a sharp breath as she felt the thin trunk of a tree hit her back right between her shoulderblades. There's no place to go now, the prince's gleaming blue eyes seemed to say. Nowhere to run, and nowhere to hide. For once, she began to understand how the enemies Alcott felt malevolently towards seemed to simply shrink under his gaze, though not once had she ever truly seen it. Now, she understood, and it made sense. She had only ever seen Alcott's eyes shine with admiration and adoration for her, and maybe just a hint of something she was unable to identify. But now… his gaze was terrifying. It wasn't dangerous, exactly, but it was the kind of gaze that a fox fixed a rabbit with before it leaped. It was the gleam of the thrill of the hunt, and the excitement of the chase. Snow was forced to lift her chin even higher as Prince Alcott pressed forward one last step, so that the sword blades pressed very lightly into her neck on either side. Her heartbeat sang, and she was almost positive that he could see her pulse racing in her throat. An almost black gaze defiantly stared down a glorious blue one. Humiliation didn't quite describe what she felt now, but it wasn't how she was feeling in any case. It wasn't submission, and it wasn't sadness. She hadn't yet managed to stop the queen, and she was barely 18. This couldn't be it… there had to be more to do. There had to be more to life than this . There was more for her to do here. So Snow White accepted it. Her thin, pale shoulders dropped from the defensive height she'd left them at, and her posture against the tree now more resembled that of the princess she was born to be, instead of a vigilante trapped by the hunter. Her eyes were calm, and her face betrayed no emotion except acknowledgement. She knew her position right now was not one she could escape without her throat being slit like a cow that had been led to slaughter. I'm ready, her eyes seemed to murmur. I know when I've been beaten. Alcott tilted his head to the side a bit, watching her curiously. Are you sure about this? his eyes seemed to question. There is no going back. There is a fine line between courage and stupidity, Princess. Her answer was accompanied by a slow blink. I choose courage. And just like that, the sword points dropped from her neck. A sinful smirk twisted Prince Alcott's lips, and their battle resumed. I hope you like it. It was just a moment's madness… ","Summary":" I was watching Mirror Mirror while I was writing this. When Prince Alcott and Snow White showdown i"},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"My Fairy Tale","Author":"Rosa Cotton","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9789079","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Mirror Mirror , all characters, places, and related terms belong to Relativity Media, Yucaipa Films, Goldmann Pictures, Rat Entertainment, and Misha Films. My Fairy Tale I had set out from my kingdom seeking adventure, but never did I imagine my journey would include… her . Only in fairy tales does love at first sight exist, fire-breathing dragons strike fear in the hearts of men, and a prince rescue a princess, his soul mate. Yet here in the queen's dazzling ballroom, amongst the music and magnificently dressed guests, I feel like I may have fallen into a fairy tale of my own. The dance calls for me to switch partners, but for the third time (or is it the eighth?) I refuse to change. I do not want to stop dancing with my partner, this swan maiden. She is kind, gentle, funny, and lovely. (And she turns out to be the princess.) I had not thought I would see her again, yet here she is! As she asks for my help I am unable to suppress my smile, still ridiculously happy and relieved at encountering her again. But I'm sincere when I offer my services ( and more , the wistful thought brushes my mind), and listen to her carefully even when the dance requires me to turn away from her. Suddenly, the ballroom does not seem quite as bright and dazzling as I turn around and discover my dance partner gone. My smile vanishes and my heart sinks; instead of floating on air, I feel the ground underneath my feet. Confused, I move towards the center of the dance floor, turning and twisting this way and that, searching. But I do not see the girl in her pure white gown. Murmuring distracted apologies, I push past dancers and guests, my eyes darting about frantically for the princess. There is no sign of her, and my confusion mixes with disappointed sadness. It is not like this in the stories… Pausing at a doorway, I do a double take, something out in the dim hall catching my eye. Frowning, I leave the ballroom and walk down a few steps. For a moment I just stare. Kneeling down, I carefully pick up a headdress shaped like a white swan. Straightening, I cradle the headdress in my hands and examine it. It is the princess's. Why is it here? Where is she? Why did she leave? My mind whirls with questions as I look up and down the deserted hall. With a deep sigh and an aching heart, I turn back towards the ballroom, the headdress pressed to my chest. Where are you, my swan princess? I wonder, willing my words to find her. THE END ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Mirror Mirror , all characters, places, and related terms belong to Relativity Media, Y"},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"Strawberries","Author":"dontwearbacon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11410940","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Snow White was anxious for her first kiss, but she would be lying if she said she was not excited. Napoleon was taking this very seriously; pinning up her hair and reddening her lips with a strawberry. Prince Alcott on the other hand whimpered and begged for her and the dwarves to release him back to his beloved queen. Quite frankly, it was getting more irritating than amusing, but none of them dared try to ruin this moment for Snow. She stood out before, her hair pulled back to show a truly beautiful complexion; how Half Pint wished to be in Alcott's place. Despite this Alcott whimpered more and begged her not to come closer, she persisted coming over to sit on his lap as he let out a stream of \" No, no, no, no. \" Admittedly, his refusal was making Snow feel guilty. As she leaned in for the kiss she realized she couldn't do it, resting her head on his shoulder instead. The prince let out a sigh of relief. \"Can I have some privacy, please?\" She asked the dwarves who were looking on from the split level floor, they let out a jumbled stream of agreement as they got out of view. Snow opted to try again, much to the bewitched prince's dismay. She puckered her lips as she leaned in once more, the prince tried to tilt his head as far away as possible, which ultimately failed. As her smooth lips pressed up against his own it felt like he was being pulled out of a twisted dream and into a much lovelier reality. Under the spell it had felt like he sat behind a mirror masked in steam, vaguely watching his reflecting do things he would not approve up, and Snow White, this amazing woman he knew he wanted to always be with, no magic love potion required, had shattered that mirror. \"The Queen,\" He said quietly, with tingling lips. Snow as well as the dwarves let out a groan of disappointment. \"is nothing compared to you.\" He continued, purposely pausing just long enough to mess with them. Snow smiled and kissed him again while the dwarves cheered. Seeing her for the first time since the spell had been broken had made him need to catch his breath, which for some reason seemed to have escaped him and not want to come back. His chest constricted and he began to wheeze when he remembered something else about the kiss. \"Strawberries?\" He gasped out of his labored breathing. Snow White stood up in shock, the dwarves came down to see what was going on. Alcott's lips were swollen red and burned, his pulse went up but his blood pressure dropped, just like Alcott when he dropped to the ground unconscious. Snow White and the dwarves stood over Alcott, shocked and unsure what to do. \"Who would have guessed that the prince would be allergic to strawberries?\" Butcher commented. \"Don't worry, Snow,\" Half Pint said as he tried to comfort her. \"I'm still around.\" So much for a great first kiss. ","Summary":" Snow White was anxious for her first kiss, but she would be lying if she said she was not excited. "},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"My Fairy Tale Kiss","Author":"Rosa Cotton","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10372499","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Mirror Mirror , all characters, places, and related terms belong to Relativity Media, Yucaipa Films, Goldmann Pictures, Rat Entertainment, and Misha Films. My Fairy Tale Kiss It was a sensation similar to coming up from underwater, of wool being pulled from over my head. Everything that had felt so far away and dreamlike suddenly became tangible. My senses sharpened, came alive. My eyelids were weighed down. I registered sitting on something hard, a weight against my legs, light shining on my face, the smell of dirt filling the air. Dazedly, I wondered, where am I? Then I grew aware of hands against my cheeks, of lips touching mine. Shock raced through me. What's happening? Yet my heart leaped as though with joy, recognition. I found myself leaning into the warm hands, gently kissing back. I tried to protest when the kiss ended, attempted to follow those sweet lips, but the only thing I could do was sigh. My body was slow, my brain foggy. Suddenly a memory pierced my bewilderment. \"The queen…,\" I whispered, my voice coming out rough. I'd visited the queen, confused and upset over my encounter with Snow White and her band of dwarves. The queen said I was in love, had given me a drink. And then…I'm here. There was a chorus of grumblings somewhere above me, and I finally willed my eyes to open. It took a moment for things to come into focus, but I did not look far. I saw Snow White. Butterflies fluttered in my stomach. She was here? Had she kissed me? I stared at her profile, gradually realizing her eyes were shut, her shoulders slumped in defeat, her expression heartbreakingly sad. I swallowed hard, wishing to reach out and embrace her, to be able to comfort her. Searching for words, I recalled of our meeting at the ball, our duel and argument in the woods. Did she know…? \"The queen is nothing compared to you ,\" I confessed quietly. I barely noticed the cheers which broke out, caught up in Snow White's eyes as she stared at me. Her serious, questioning expression melted into a joyful, loving look. I grinned as she laughed. When she kissed me again I instantly returned it with all my heart. THE END ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Mirror Mirror , all characters, places, and related terms belong to Relativity Media, Y"},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"Pinky Swears","Author":"Elvarya","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8146891","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another drabble for my writing project with Fagocytosis. The pairing is our Mirror, Mirror OTP, those guards who weren't sure if Snow was allowed out of the castle and pinky swore not to tell anyone about it, and the prompt was \"pinky swears.\" Sorry if this gets confusing, they never had names and I didn't want to come up with names for them, so I didn't. Oops. Hope you enjoy it anyways! They counted their relationship in pinky swears. Most didn't mean anything, it was just something they did. I'll be home in an hour. Pinky swear? Pinky swear. I'll do it tomorrow. Pinky swear? Pinky swear. Countless pinky swears for countless moments. This one was special, though. The festivities were in full swing around them, beautiful ladies and dashing men all dancing gracefully in celebration of the happy couple. The two of them stood together, identical in their uniforms, helmets obscuring their faces. They could have been any guards at any wedding. No one cast them so much as a passing glance as they murmured quietly to one another. He heard his partner say something, but even straining his ears, he couldn't pick out the exact words. \"What?\" he asked. \"We'll be next,\" he repeated, almost sheepishly. He saw his head dip slightly, as if out of embarrassment. He kept his head facing steadfastly forward, but wanted so much to turn and look at him. He smiled, a full grin spreading across his features, cheeks crying out for the reprieve he was unable to grant. He swallowed back the tears he could feel fast-approaching and replied through the lump in his throat, voice threatening to fail. \"Pinky swear?\" \"Pinky swear.\" ","Summary":" Another drabble for my writing project with Fagocytosis. The pairing is our Mirror, Mirror OTP, tho"},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"Buttons","Author":"Audrey Eliot","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8112716","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So. I loved Mirror Mirror but I didn't think there was much about the relationship between the Prince and Renbock. So here you go. I know it's not very good and short but there we are. Reviews are love. And nothing is mine, of course. He had been summoned. Again. It's not that he was surprised, but he was also not averse to a life of luxury which was certainly provided in Valencia. He just often forgot that his role was as valet, not friend. He had been the Prince's valet and companion since they were both very young and as a result, though not actually directed at or for him, he had had a small taste of the high life. And the Prince did like to spoil him; he knew it was to stop him complaining but he didn't mind. He walked down the rich, red corridor until he was stopped outside of the Prince's chambers. Checking himself in the mirror on the table outside, he brushed his hair into place and straightened his jacket before knocking on the big oak door and entering. 'Renbock,' the Prince called though he was nowhere to be seen. 'Yes, Sire?' came Charles' curt reply. 'I need you to have some things pressed for me. I looked for them myself as I didn't want to trouble you, but it seems they have not yet come back from the laundry. Would you be a chap and see if they're ready and fetch them?' As always, Charles was a step ahead; he knew the Prince's favourite choice when it came to riding attire and had already fetched them to avoid the hassle. 'I have them here Sire,' Charles smiled, pleased at himself. 'Oh Renbock you are a treasure,' Prince Alcott called before appearing around the corner of his changing quarters 'what would I do without you?' He turned to face his valet. 'Good heaves what's the matter? You've turned as red as your hair!' Charles tried to answer but instead his throat made a strange gargle and he had to cough to regain his composure. He had never seen anything so muscular. And smooth. When had this happened? The Prince and always been so bony and lean before. 'Yes. Yes I'm fine. Sorry, Sire. I just, I just had a funny turn.' 'Are you certain? You can retire to your room if you wish?' 'No, no. As I said, I'm quite well.' 'Well that's a relief, these buttons are far to fiddly and for my big hands.' The Prince laughed pointing at the clothes in his valet's hands. Renbock grimaced, trying to imagine other things. There was a silent pause. The Prince raised his eyebrows expectantly. 'Turn around then and I'll help you into it.' The Prince got himself into the shirt, and Charles began to pull it tighter so as to do up the buttons, starting at the torso. He was on the last button when his hand lightly brushed the Prince's chest. It was indeed smooth, with the smallest tuft of dark hair. He coughed uncomfortably, shifting from foot to booted foot. 'For God's sake Renbock,' the Prince exclaimed. 'Your normally as pale as snow but now I fear that your face is stealing the colour from your hair. Go to bed and rest! I'll come up and check up on you later.' 'I'm fine,' 'No. I insist. After my ride I'll come up and check on you as I said. Let us hope I won't be too sweaty and dirty as is often the case after riding!' 'Ok,' Reviews are love. A. ","Summary":" So. I loved Mirror Mirror but I didn't think there was much about the relationship between the Prin"},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"The Fight Scene-A Different Ending","Author":"Clementine Folchart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9676601","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is just a short little one-shot for the movie \"Mirror, Mirror.\" I do NOT own the characters or anything else. This is purely for fun. :) At first I thought I was outmatched, but as our little duel progressed, I began to see that I was as good, if not a small bit better, than my prince. I slashed right and left, twirled out of his sword's reach, and wove in between the trees, not letting Alcott's sword so much as graze my body. The snow covered trees quieted the whole forest, our clashing swords the only noise. I thrusted with a skilled maneuver and he parried with and equally skilled move. I hear the dwarves muttering. \"Do you think we should help her?\" \"Nah, she's doing just fine on her own.\" Yes, I am doing just fine on my own. The dwarves have taught me well. I duck behind a tree, just out of the Prince's line of sight. He walks in front of the tree, looking for me. I smack him on the rump with the flat of my sword, and he jumps forward, holding his stinging behind. I laugh. He spins around and starts chasing me. Running is one thing in which I am sure my prince cannot best me. I swerve in between the trees, making my own slalom course. THUMP! I hear Alcott run into a tree, and I turn around, run to him, and grab his sword from him; he is momentarily stunned. I cross both swords in front of his neck, letting the blades just barely graze his skin. My gauchos swoosh around my legs as the wind catches them. My black hair swishes around my face, flitting over my lips as red as blood and my skin as white as snow. Alcott opens his eyes, and jumps, startled. \"So you've got me, Princess. You won, fair and square. I'll let you tie me up and bring me to those thieving dwarves. Can you possibly just take your swords off my neck just a bit-\" \"No! I'm not letting you off the hook that easy.\" I pushed the blades back more, and the prince scuttled backwards like a crab. Right into a tree trunk. I knelt down, still holding the blades to his neck. He looked at me, surprise in his eyes. He never thought that he would be beat by a girl. I came even closer, coming in for the kill, he thought. Instead, I leaned into him and kissed him. Dropping the swords, I reached for his hands and held them pinned against the tree's trunk. I kissed him again, a deep, full, wonderful kiss. He leaned into me, kissing my face that is white as snow, my lips that are red as blood, my hair that is black as ebony. ","Summary":" This is just a short little one-shot for the movie \"Mirror, Mirror.\" I do NOT own the characters "},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"You Taste of Strawberries","Author":"aiea6","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9184563","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Snow White,\" Prince Alcott said dreamily as he thoroughly enjoyed having Snow sit on his lap kissing her. He opened his eyes and looked at her, it seemed, for the first time, and then licked his lips. \"You taste of strawberries.\" Snow giggled, remembering Napoleon's primping. If only he knew! But now wasn't the time to tell him, just enjoy the moment. Prince Alcott was mesmerized by her giggle. It was so good to hear her laugh and see her face beam especially after their encounter in the woods the other day. \"How did you do that?\" he said, smiling lovingly at her. She giggled once more and let him taste her some more. As they finished kissing, Alcott wanted to put his arms around Snow, but then he finally realized that his hands were firmly bound behind him as he was sitting on a chair that looked like it was meant for a child. \"Uh, Snow,\" he said as he tried to pry his hands loose, then looked behind him. \"Why are my hands bound?\" he asked. Snow gasped and jumped up from his lap to grab her dagger, and with one swipe, swiftly released Alcott's ropes. \"Forgive us,\" she said, \"it was necessary at the time.\" She threw the ropes to the side. She also figured now would not be a good time to go over the litany of things they did in their effort to break the spell. \"Huh?\" he asked as he stretched his legs. \"Who's us?\" He looked around and up as he heard a chorus of cheers and the pitter patter of footsteps running down the stairs. \"What did I say, huh?\" Napoleon bragged. \"True love's kiss.\" Alcott opened his mouth at all seven dwarves as they gathered around the two of them. All of them were talking at the same time, some congratulating Snow, some patting him in the back or rather the backside as he towered head, shoulders and thighs above them. He then looked at the diminutive house they were standing in and then realized where he was. \"How - why -\" he stammered, looking to Snow for help. \"Yes, yes, you are,\" Grimm said as he handed Alcott his clothes they stole from him the other day. Alcott took several seconds to process why he was being handed his clothes, and a terrifying thought crossed his mind that he was actually naked. He then quickly glanced down and saw he was wearing bright colored clothes that were clearly not his style. \"How - why -\" he stammered again as he dumbly took his clothes from Grimm. Snow smiled at him gently laid her hand on his arm, then led him to her private sleeping area. \"We'll explain it all. Go and get changed,\" as she gave him a quick peck on the cheek. As she turned to leave, he grabbed her hand. Her breath hitched as she took a quick step towards him. He then slowly raised her hand to his lips and kissed it. \"Thank you,\" he said. She reached up to touch his cheek with her other hand, then closed the curtain behind her. He was thankful to get out the gawdy clothes. Through the curtains, he heard rustling and overlapping chatter as Snow and the dwarves set the table for dinner. Napoleon sidled up to Snow and nudged her. \"So,\" he whispered, \"was it everything you thought it would be?\" Alcott heard Snow laugh again and he smiled to himself. He didn't know what had caused her to laugh or by whom, but it did not matter. Right there and then, he vowed to himself that he would do everything in his power to always make her happy, to always hear her laugh, no matter the cost to him. THE END ","Summary":" \"Snow White,\" Prince Alcott said dreamily as he thoroughly enjoyed having Snow sit on his lap kis"},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"Cinq Mariages","Author":"Mad J-J","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12393988","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Le premier mariage de Clementianna eut lieu quelques semaines après son seizième anniversaire. Elle devait épouser un homme des plus communs. Elle aurait même été jusqu'à l'appeler pathétique, mais elle ne l'avait pas choisi après tout. Sa mère lui avait dit qu'un homme simple qui faisait du bon travail serait plus que suffisant. Clementianna ne voulait pas de quelque chose de « simple ». Elle ne voulait pas de quelque chose tout au plus « suffisant ». Elle voulait être riche, elle voulait avoir les bijoux qui complimenteraient sa beauté, elle voulait être admirée pour ce qu'elle était. Enfin, ce n'était pas comme si sa mère se souciait de tout cela. Elle supposait que l'homme simple était gentil. Aisément manipulé. Elle le menait au doigt et à la baguette. Elle était, et c'était important de le mentionner, la plus belle fille du village. La cérémonie fut très décevante. Clementianna s'était faite aussi… Présentable que possible, elle ne pouvait pas vraiment dire que ces guenilles étaient le mieux que l'on puisse faire. Elle était très bien quoiqu'elle mette de toute façon. Peut-être que ne rien mettre aurait été préférable, mais bref. Elle avait fait un effort. Ses cheveux étaient propres, doux et brillants, leur belle couleur naturellement vivide. Elle avait travaillé dessus pendant des heures. Sa robe lui convenait comme un gant, soulignant sa parfaite silhouette et elle avait même trouvé un collier - rien d'extravagant, mais elle faisait avec ce qu'elle avait. Son futur époux était… Eh bien, elle doutait qu'il se soit même baigné. Il était au moins vingt ans plus vieux qu'elle, avec autant de dents en moins et une odeur aussi forte que la merde de cochon dans laquelle il travaillait toute la journée. Il était plutôt dégoûtant dans son ensemble. Et ces yeux vitreux dénués de toute intelligence… Elle n'arrivait pas à croire qu'elle devait se contenter de ça . Ils s'étaient mariés dans la précipitation, parce que leurs témoins devaient retourner s'occuper de leurs champs, et le prêtre avait un autre mariage à célébrer juste après, et vraiment, était-ce si naïf de sa part d'espérer que l'événement dont on lui avait promis qu'il serait le plus beau de toute sa vie dure un peu plus que cinq minutes ? Et aussi qu'il se déroule dans un endroit qui ne tombait pas en morceaux ? Elle n'avait pas été heureuse dans ce premier ménage. Sa mère pouvait lui dire autant qu'elle le voulait que Clementianna avait tout ce dont elle avait besoin, elle savait que ce n'était pas vrai. Elle avait besoin de tellement plus. Elle rencontra son second mari alors qu'elle était toujours mariée à l'homme simple. Et elle supposait qu'elle n'était pas sensée épouser son second mari, mais Clementianna avait la volonté nécessaire pour réussir l'impossible. Son homme simple acceptait facilement tout ce qu'elle voulait, mais lorsqu'il tomba malade, peu après qu'elle ait eu dix-sept ans, elle dut commencer à travailler. Ce qui était ridicule, pourquoi avait-elle pris la peine d'épouser cet homme si elle finissait quand même par avoir besoin d'argent ? Sa mère avait véritablement choisi le pire des prétendants. Peu importait. Cela ne changeait rien au fait que Clementianna avait besoin de manger, et pour manger il fallait de l'argent, et pour gagner de l'argent il fallait travailler (ou trouver quelqu'un qui avait de l'argent et l'épouser, mais cette option n'était plus possible pour le moment). Clementianna n'allait cependant pas élever des cochons comme son mari. C'était risible, au mieux. Elle se trouva un emploi dans le manoir de leur seigneur. Elle voulait voir ce qu'était une vraie vie, pleine de richesses et de belles choses. Les gens se murmuraient des choses à propos du manoir cependant, parlant de fantômes ou de malédiction. Cela facilita la tâche à Clementianna : personne d'autre ne voulait l'emploi et elle fut rapidement embauchée. Elle faisait le ménage, mais seulement lorsque quelqu'un la surveillait – elle n'allait tout de même pas s'épuiser pour ce travail inutile, la poussière revenait toujours de toute façon ! – et le reste du temps elle était libre de flâner le long des corridors et de s'aventurer dans les pièces vides. L'architecture du manoir, les meubles, le tout était tant de luxe. Elle dansait seule sur la musique qui se jouait dans son esprit, imaginant être l'invitée d'honneur d'un bal organisé à sa seule intention. Elle continua à explorer chaque recoin du bâtiment jusqu'à ce qu'un jour, elle trouve la Pièce. Elle était différente des autres. L'impression qu'elle y avait, l'atmosphère… Elle sentait des frissons lui parcourir le corps, pourtant elle n'avait pas froid. Elle ne voyait ni fenêtre ni bougie, pourtant elle pouvait y voir comme en plein jour. Elle ressentait de la peur, une terreur lui enserrer le cœur, pourtant… Pourtant rien ne la retint lorsqu'elle s'avança vers son reflet. Le Miroir était sur le mur, appelant son nom. Elle dit les mots sans même y penser, comme si quelque chose la possédait. Et après ça… Tout changea.[Chapter 2] Après cela il devint beaucoup plus facile d'attirer l'attention du seigneur du manoir. Elle était, à l'âge de dix-huit, une beauté fleurissante. Il ne pouvait pas lui résister. Et si un peu de magie l'avait aidé à oublier ce qui était convenable pour son rang… Ce n'était guère qu'un petit mal pour un grand bien. Oh, et soit dit en passant, le premier mari de Clementianna était mort de sa maladie quelques temps plutôt, elle l'avait juste complètement oublié. Il était devenu si inutile qu'elle ne pouvait se rappeler quand exactement cela s'était produit, mais peu importait, le résultat final était le même. Elle eut son second mariage. Cette fois-ci était… Mieux. Ce n'était parfait, mais mieux. Elle était aussi excitée que la dernière fois. C'était son mariage après tout. Clementianna était aussi belle que toujours, sauf qu'elle était enfin vêtue de vêtements convenables. Bon, ils étaient un peu trop sobres à son goût, mais comparés à des guenilles, c'était convenable. Une robe cousue pour l'occasion. Modeste et dénuée de « décorations inutiles que son seigneur avait interdites, mais le tissu était brillant et doux au touché. Cette fois-ci, une femme de chambre s'occupa de ses cheveux, et elle eut même du maquillage à sa disposition. Le pendentif qu'elle portait venait du Mirroir. Son nouveau mari n'était pas beau à voir, âgé qu'il était de… Beaucoup-trop-d'années, mais il était riche, et il avait un titre. Et il mourrait probablement avant qu'elle ait le temps de comprendre comment son haleine pouvait puer l'ail alors qu'il ne buvait que de la soupe au chou. La cérémonie dura quinze minutes - pas plus puisque son seigneur ne voulait pas dépenser plus d'argent que nécessaire sur ces « frivolités » - mais elle avait un meilleur décor, et il y avait même un musicien. Certes, son interprétation de… Ce morceau de musique non-identifiable n'était pas la meilleure qu'elle ait jamais entendue, mais ce serait suffisant. Pour l'instant. Cette relation-là était par certains aspects pires que la précédente. Il était impossible à vivre, ne lâchant pas la moindre pièce d'or sans une bataille, l'accusant toujours de trop dépenser. Son premier mari était bien plus facile à contrôler, mais Clementianna n'était pas du genre à s'avouer vaincue. Elle raffinait son pouvoir de persuasion sur l'obstination du vieillard. Les conseils du Mirroir aidaient. Clementianna n'eut pas à attendre longtemps pour que son second mari rende l'âme. C'était une chute tellement tragique dans les escaliers. Rien d'extraordinaire cependant. À quoi fallait-il s'attendre aussi, après qu'il lui refuse pour la troisième fois de nouvelles robes plus colorées ? Non pas qu'elle l'ait poussé. Elle avait simplement mentionné à un ami à quel point il serait fortuit qu'un tel événement survienne. Clementianna était une jeune veuve de vingt ans, riche, sans le moindre membre distant de la famille de son défunt époux qui viennent l'embêter avec des questions d'héritage (elle s'était assurée qu'ils ne soient pas contrariant) et bien sûr, la certitude qu'elle était la plus belle femme qui soit. Cela ne lui prendrait pas longtemps avant de se trouver un nouvel époux. Du moins c'est ce qu'elle pensait.[Chapter 3] Elle hésitait encore à utiliser le Miroir trop souvent à l'époque, à cause des avertissements répétés de ce dernier à propos de l'usage excessif de sa magie. Aucun prétendant ne pouvait prétendre être digne d'elle. Elle voulait davantage d'argent et un titre, pas se marier avec quelqu'un d'inférieur ! Malheureusement, il semblait que le titre de son défunt mari n'était pas assez pour lui accorder l'attention qu'elle désirait. Plusieurs années passèrent. Elle venait d'avoir vingt-six ans et serait bientôt sans le sou. Ce n'était pas du tout une situation qu'elle appréciait. Elle s'était bien amusée, mais c'était fini de folâtrer. Au moment où elle s'apprêtait à abandonner la bonne vieille méthode pour chercher l'aide du Miroir cependant, elle le rencontra. Son troisième mari. C'était un idiot. Et il était moche. À dix-sept ans il tremblait comme un vieillard malade, avec des cheveux roux et des taches de rousseur criblant son visage émacié, son nez protubérant et ses doigts se courbant comme des serres sur ses jambes de poulet. Il était également riche et l'un des célibataires les plus prisés du royaume. Il se disait en confidence qu'il était le seul héritier du Duché, et qu'il était aussi un sérieux prétendant au trône puisque le roi et la reine n'avait pas encore d'héritier. Il était facile de le séduire. Clementianna n'eut qu'à mentionner qu'elle comprenait ce que l'on ressentait lorsque l'on était rejeté à cause de sa couleur de cheveux et il était quasiment à genoux devant elle, la suppliant de l'épouser. Elle joua les innocentes et rougit timidement, lui affirmant qu'elle ressentait autant d'amour pour lui que lui pour elle. Le sort en était scellé. Le mariage fut enfin quelque chose convenable à sa personne. Le gamin plein aux as la couvrit de l'attention qu'elle méritait, et Clementianna ne pouvait être plus heureuse. Elle n'eut non pas une, mais trois femmes de chambre qui s'affairaient autour d'elle pour la coiffer et la maquiller pour son mariage. Tout était tel que cela aurait toujours dû être ce jour-là ; elle était plus belle que jamais. Alors qu'elle s'approchait de l'autel, tenant fermement son bouquet, son sourire était aussi radiant que sa robe, et tous les regards étaient sur elle. Un léger souffle de vent souleva son voile, le soleil fit briller ses cheveux avec des nuances écarlates et même un oiseau sembla trouver le moment parfait pour chanter à l'exact moment où cela rendait la scène d'autant plus magique. Puis son futur mari se tourna vers elle, révélant son sourire inégal. Il avait l'air aussi heureux qu'elle l'était quelques cinq secondes auparavant. Son propre sourire s'était figé sur ses lèvres. Bon, peut-être que tout n'était pas parfait. Elle devait malgré tout épouser ce garçon hideux, mais elle avait déjà vécu pire. Tout de même, elle espérait que son quatrième mariage aurait lieu avec un homme qu'elle désirait épouser pour d'autres raisons que son argent et ses titres de noblesse. Un bel homme au physique correspondant au sien par exemple. La cérémonie était une affaire grandiose, quelque chose dont elle pourrait même se souvenir avec plaisir si elle éradiquait tout souvenir de la sauterelle rachitique qui se tenait à côté d'elle. Ils eurent un banquet durant lequel elle réussit à s'amuser, loin de son mari qui n'assista pas aux célébrations après qu'un malheureux incident ne se produise avec du poulet gâté qui avait atterri dans son assiette. Oui, c'était un bon mariage. Le seul problème était qu'avec un mari aussi jeune, trouver un moyen de s'en débarrasser devenait difficile. Il n'aimait pas la chasse, préférant ses livres à l'extérieur, et bien qu'il ait toujours l'air maladif, il était en pleine santé. Qu'était-elle supposée s'y prendre, faire tomber une étagère sur lui ? Ce devait être un assez bonne idée, vu que personne ne questionna l'incident quand il se produsiit - tragiquement. Clementianna supposait que demander au Miroir une autre petite poussée n'était pas grand-chose. ","Summary":" Le premier mariage de Clementianna eut lieu quelques semaines après son seizième anniversaire. Elle"},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"Professor Merlin","Author":"Megara and Hades","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12659203","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Class, please take your seats,\" Merlin sat his briefcase down on the desk. \" He's our professor?\" whispered one pupil to another. \"Yeah, how old is he anyway?\" the student replied. \"If I told you, you wouldn't believe me,\" Merlin spun around and grinned at the pupil. \"I am Professor Merlin and if there are no further questions I would like to introduce you to my colleague, Archimedes.\" Merlin gestured to the door where the owl flew in with his own briefcase in foot. He swooped over to his perch and hung his case on the branch. \"Oh sorry,\" proclaimed one student. \"I didn't realize this was Hogwarts.\" The class chuckled in mockery. \"If you are done with your childish games, I would like to begin the lecture now,\" Merlin narrowed his eyes at the student causing the disruption. \"Go ahead,\" the student suggested. \"Thank you,\" Merlin turned to the chalk board. \"But I don't think we will learn anything new from you old man.\" \"Ooooo,\" went the class in unison. Merlin ignored the delinquent. \"First we will learn that...\" Merlin began writing on the board. \"Magic will not solve all your problems.\" The professor rubbed the palms of his hands together; riding of any chalk residue. \"I disagree,\" the delinquent announced. \"Your hypothesis?\" inquired the professor. The pupil waved his wand in a circular motion. \"Arubus, mutas!\" he chanted. Merlin angrily pointed a finger at the pupil ready to say a few choice words but nothing came out of his mouth. \"See? Problem solved!\" the student grinned. The class chuckled. \"I'm afraid the professor has lost his voice. I suppose that means class is canceled.\" The class cheered and headed for the door. \"I hope you feel better Teach,\" the pupil winked at Merlin as he closed the door behind him. ","Summary":" \"Class, please take your seats,\" Merlin sat his briefcase down on the desk. \" He's our professor"},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"Between the Blades","Author":"GreenWallsOfArt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7166584","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The boiling summer heat could not stop Myra from running down the hill. At this point, she had been chasing Arthur for too long, and she had to catch him before he could outrun her. He had done so on more than one occasion, and now it was her turn to win the game. They were playing on their favorite spot on the castle grounds—a great hill that dipped down towards a little brook, and then stretched beyond onto a forest, and far out into the English countryside. Since the day that Myra, and her baby sister, Tabitha, had arrived here from their old village cottage, this had become the place where Myra could finally live out a childhood, after the horrid life she lived in her old home. And she did so, by running through the grass after her best friend, Arthur—King Arthur, to be precise. It was the fourth night of July, in which the sun was just going below the horizon, and the night life was settling into being. The sky remained the deep twilight blue, and the trees were green silhouettes speckling the background. It was about the time when mosquitoes would be flying looking for a meal, but that was the least of Myra and Arthur's worries. All across the hill, little yellow lights were sparkling like fairies. They turned on and off so frequently, in so many different locations, it was like the grass itself was shining. They lit up the summer flowers, and forced the two friends to different places on the hill. Myra jumped up, and caught one of the little lights in her hand. She unfurled her fingers, and saw the little bug in her hand. It had a pink-red head, with two hard slabs covering its abdomen. Underneath the wings, a part of its abdomen glowed yellow, lighting up Myra's skin. She remembered these. She used to catch them on the summer nights her father came home early from his blacksmithing in those bygone days. Lightning bugs. Fireflies. \"Myra!\" she heard Arthur cry. \"Look! I've caught one!\" \"Me too, Arthur!\" Myra called out, running towards her friend. They met in the center of the hill, opening up their hands to present their prizes. Indeed, there too was a tiny firefly resting on Arthur's palm, its light coming on and off. \"Nice catch, Arthur,\" Myra remarked. Arthur laughed. \"I never knew you could catch these things like you could catch fish,\" he said. \"They're kind of pretty.\" \"Kind of?\" Myra said. \"They're beautiful . You know, how they light up the grass, and are so easy to catch? I used to do this all the time when I was a little girl. We caught them in jars, and then used them to light up the inside of our cottage.\" \"Didn't you ever let them go?\" Arthur wanted to know. \"Of course we did,\" Myra answered. \"Eventually.\" She whispered the last part. Arthur's eyes widened, and he looked down once more at the firefly in his hand. \"Oh,\" he said lowly. \"You mean you could catch a jarful of these lightning bugs, and they could light up an entire room?\" \"Well, not exactly,\" said Myra. \"But they certainly were wonderful to look at. I mean, look.\" She pointed towards thee hill, where the fireflies were glowing right after one another, once more creating that sparkling illusion. \"If one glows, another glows. And they just continue one after the other.\" \"I see it,\" Arthur noted, pointing out the lights moving across the grass. \"I didn't know I was missing out on so much…you know, before I was king.\" \"Thank goodness you have me, then,\" said Myra. They were both quiet, as they watched the fireflies doing their dances over the hill. Myra snuck a glance at her best friend, noticing a smile creeping across his face. Her heart glowed; she was proud to help Arthur reclaim the childhood he didn't quite have, thanks to his being a kitchen boy to his foster father and brother, Sir Ector and Sir Kay of the Forest Sauvage. Myra laughed, shaking her head so that her brown hair swished out at her shoulders. \"Well, what are we standing around for?\" she asked. \"Let's keep going!\" And then, she took off down the hill, flinging her hand so that the firefly she caught took to the wind quickly. Arthur followed swiftly, though he slipped and fell as he was going down the slope. Myra whipped around towards Arthur, breaking into a run for him. \"Hey, are you all right?\" she said, helping him up. \"I think…I can still catch fireflies as well as you can,\" he said, chuckling. \"Oh, because that would be the end of life as we knew it if we couldn't reach for them,\" Myra joked. \"Don't say that,\" said Arthur. \"Life's too short to give up on doing this!\" Myra laughed again, taking off after her friend. That was what she admired about Arthur—he could rub off anything, and keep going as if nothing happened. Well, he was king—it was essential that he move on in order to ensure a good future for his kingdom of Camelot. Minutes passed, and Arthur and Myra snatched the fireflies in handfuls. They could not stop laughing, as they rolled through the grass, just pretending that this wonderful summer night wasn't going to end. It was Myra's favorite time of year in the castle, because she, Arthur, and Tabitha rolled across the hills, running after each other, and relishing in being together. Myra, especially, enjoyed it, because she had never known a friendship like the one she had with him. It felt good to have someone besides herself that she could count on, and she hoped she could keep it like that for a long, long time. Finally, when the blue in the sky had deepened tenfold, and all day life had vanished from all around, Arthur said, \"I wonder what it would be like to be a firefly.\" Myra pondered Arthur's words, looking at the three fireflies she had nestled in her unfurling fist. She tried to imagine herself with a body that could light up, and with wings. What if…? \"What if we asked Merlin to help us?\" Myra suggested. \"I don't think he'd be able to resist an opportunity to teach us something with fireflies.\" \"He never could,\" Arthur agreed. \"C'mon, let's go!\" They both raced through the grass, and towards the castle, where there was a side door. Once inside, they charged towards the library, where Merlin was sure to be. \"Arthur, Myra!\" the wizened old man exclaimed, putting down his book. \"Back so soon? I expected you would be outside until the mosquitoes ate you alive.\" \"Speaking of bugs,\" said Arthur, \"Merlin, we have something we want to ask you.\" Merlin leaned forward in interest. \"We would like to become fireflies,\" Arthur said. Merlin adjusted his spectacles, sitting back in his chair, though still keeping his fixed gaze on his two students. \"And I suppose you would just like to go for a little flight, you two?\" he asked, knowingly. \"Yes,\" answered Myra, stepping up beside Arthur. Merlin smoothed back his white hair underneath his blue cap, and played with the ends of his mustache, as if in thought. Finally, he grinned. \"I don't see the harm in it,\" he said. \"As long as I can come with you. I will not interfere with your fun, as long as I can give you some advice in this endeavor.\" \"Most definitely,\" Myra said excitedly. \"Come then,\" said Merlin, standing from his chair. He took his wand from beside the table, following Arthur and Merlin outside the library. When they were outside, Merlin instructed Arthur and Myra to stand together with him, and he waved his wand above their heads, before he had to think about remembering the spell. Myra and Arthur felt the magical sparkles falling upon them, taking the form of a swirling whirlwind, as they were shrunk down to miniature size. And then, in a puff of pink smoke, they could feel the transformation happening in the blink of an eye. As the space cleared, Myra shook her head, but was shocked to discover a pair of antennae waving in her face. She twitched them, surprised to find that the motion was simple as moving an arm or leg. The same way with the four extra legs she garnered. Myra's heart jumped, realizing what she had become, but she felt excited, feeling the fluttering wings at her back. In front of her, she noticed Arthur and Merlin. Arthur's wings and head were an orange-yellow color, and Merlin was blue, with his bushy white eyebrows and spectacles remaining. Myra looked behind her at her wings, noticing that her wings were a pinkish red. \"Wow,\" Myra breathed. \"I'm used to your magic, Merlin, but I'm not used to being in different forms like this!\" \"All in good time, Myra,\" said Merlin. \"You'll find that taking on different bodily changes will be a big part of your adolescence. I'm merely here to help you.\" \"Well, this is wonderful!\" Arthur exclaimed. \"Look at how big the world is. And we're flying!\" \"Surely you remember the feeling from when I turned you into a sparrow,\" said Merlin with a wink. \"Yes, I do,\" Arthur replied. \"But it's a whole different thing being a bug like this.\" \"We mustn't dally for too long,\" said Merlin. \"Come, let's go for a little flight.\" Merlin flew forward, carried by four iridescent wings that winked in the coming moonlight. Myra glanced behind herself at her own pinkish red wings, marveling at the feeling of being suspended in midair. When she looked at the ground, which felt like miles and miles below her, she squeaked. \"Myra, don't be scared,\" said Arthur. \"Follow Merlin.\" Myra shoved herself forward, though still a little awkward with her wings. She could feel them flapping vigorously, and she trusted herself enough to stay in flight. But she had a dropping feeling in her stomach, afraid she might make a mistake, and indeed fall away from her friends. Myra felt a scratchy sensation along her arm. She looked down, and saw another firefly limb taking hers. She glanced upward, noticing Arthur taking her. \"Don't think about falling,\" he said. \"Don't worry, you're doing great!\" \"Follow me!\" Merlin yelled back. With a forceful shove of their wings, both Arthur and Myra flew off after their teacher, as other fireflies winked their lights in response. Myra took note of the glowing lights. The fireflies flying closest to her and her friends were flashing their lights more rapidly, as if in excitement at seeing some new lightning bugs in this part of the hill. Myra noticed Merlin blinking his light in their direction, nodding his head in acknowledgement. \"Merlin, what are you doing?\" Arthur asked, pointing at his teacher's mannerisms. \"Fireflies speak to each other with their lights, my boy,\" Merlin explained. \"In many ways, it can be thought of like our previous encounter with the squirrels. They attract their mates with their lights, and choose them so that they can make children.\" Arthur grimaced, his firefly limbs going stiff as sticks. \"I'd really…rather not think about that day, Merlin,\" he said. Myra knew this story—of the day Merlin had transformed himself and Arthur into squirrels for a lesson. A female squirrel had her eye caught on Arthur in his squirrel form, and had become instantly smitten with him. Arthur had fought and fought against her advances, but in the end, she was entirely unsuccessful, in spite of the fact that she had saved him from the jaws of a hungry wolf. And yet, she couldn't help but laugh. Arthur whirled around towards her. \"What is so funny?\" he wanted to know. \"Nothing you'd want to know about,\" Myra said, slyly nudging him ahead. \"Go on Arthur. Try winking your light. Maybe the pretty firefly ladies will come flocking to you.\" \"I'd advise you to put such an idea out of your mind,\" Merlin said before Arthur could protest the idea. \"You lack the know-how of doing so in the first place.\" Arthur glared at Myra, who only shrugged in response. Merlin shook his head, starting forward once more. \"We are not out here to test the boundaries of female attraction,\" he told them. \"Merely to see the world from a new and different perspective.\" Merlin dove down towards the ground, so that he almost disappeared beneath the grass blades. Arthur and Myra followed him at once, coming behind him in single file. It was like an obstacle course, diving between the blades. They popped up from every which way, so the group had to angle their wings in any given direction to avoid getting stopped in flight. Merlin was flying pretty fast, and he wasn't blinking his light fast enough, so it was tenfold more difficult for his students to follow him. And then suddenly, as if they had in fact appeared by magic, some tall, thick stalks came into view, forcing Arthur and Myra to halt before they could be smacked to the ground. But their wings were flapping so fast after so many minutes in flight, that neither of them could find a way to stop properly. Myra collided with the stalk face-first, pulling back with her wings to observe what on earth she was looking at. Standing several times taller than the average lightning bug, were some white flowers, planted like tall trees compared to Arthur and Myra's sizes. It looked as though they were reaching the sky, with their leaves blocking the coming moonlight from view. Between them, Arthur and Myra spotted some lights blinking, but neither of them could see a pair of white eyebrows nor wire-rimmed spectacles. \"Merlin?\" Myra called out, even though she could tell he wasn't there. \"Where did he go?\" Arthur asked. Myra shook her head, uncertain. \"Well, we know for sure that he isn't around here. I don't see a firefly with his white hair or spectacles.\" \"Then…what should we do?\" Myra was silent for a time. So was Arthur. \"Try winking your light,\" Myra finally said. \"Maybe if we winked them both for long enough, and frequently enough, then Merlin can spot us.\" \"The other fireflies are doing the exact same thing, Myra,\" Arthur observed, pointing towards the other lightning bugs flashing against the darkened grass. \"Well,\" Myra said, \"at least he'll have some idea where to find us. He can't find us if we aren't blinking our lights.\" \"It's worth a try.\" Arthur clenched his limbs along his body, and shut his eyes. He had that same look that he got when Merlin had rambled about something that sounded like utter gibberish. But at least it produced results. \"Arthur, you're doing it!\" Myra exclaimed. At Myra's response, Arthur opened his eyes, and turned his head to glance at his light. Sure enough, it was blinking, but then stayed off for a matter of seconds, before it glowed again. \"How…does it happen?\" Arthur wondered aloud. \"Hmm,\" Myra said thoughtfully. She took on the same scrunched-up face that Arthur had, but after an even longer amount of time, the same thing occurred—even when she concentrated, the light blinked on and off without control. \"It seems as though it just… happens .\" Arthur grimaced. \"Well, I don't think that will help us find Merlin any faster—if we look like the rest of the fireflies, and he can't see us in the dark.\" Myra glanced above the tall white flowers at the deepening sky. \"What if we looked down from high above these flowers?\" she guessed. \"Merlin may just see us if we are flying above where the other fireflies are.\" \"Possibly…\" Arthur took in a breath, and pulled himself forward, going in between the flowers as they had the grass blades. Myra wasn't hesitant to follow him, and for a time, it seemed like they were making good progress. Until a shadow passed overhead. In the instant Arthur and Myra saw the sky blocked from sight, they scrambled to stop themselves. But this strange new obstacle was clever in wrapping itself about the two fireflies, locking them away so that they could see nothing but darkness. \"What is this?\" Myra yelled. \"Let us out! Let us out of here!\" Arthur screamed out, banging himself against the barrier. There was a low tweeting sound from outside the dark walls. Then there came a sense of movement, like Arthur and Myra were being flown somewhere at high speed. Myra gulped, her light flickering off in the same instant. \"This is not good,\" she noted. \"And I don't know if I can do any magic myself while I'm a firefly.\" \"Can't you try?\" Arthur said desperately, taking another try at freeing them with a body slam. \"We're in a sticky situation here!\" Myra, being a young witch-in-training under Merlin, had learned many spells in the few months she had been here. The problem was she had never been formally trained in the transfiguration of animals. Her area of expertise was defensive magic—spells that could save her when she was in hand-to-hand combat, not trapped under the wings of a bird. What if…? Myra had Arthur's idea starting to take shape in her mind, the more she pondered trying magic while still a firefly. So, she stayed still in midair, cleared her mind, and then tried the first spell that popped in her mind. \" Abite vos, ego ignis !\" Myra's light flared, and she flinched, letting out a little squeak. Rather than having a shower of fireworks coming from her hands, her light had become scorching hot, the sudden heat forcing her to fall down upon the bird's feathers. In that instant, the wing dropped out from below her, and Myra fell from the clutches. Immediately, she spread her wings, gaining a good hand on her flight. She breathed a heavy sigh. \"Gee, Arthur, that was…\" Myra sucked in a gasp when she noticed that her friend wasn't next to her. And as if in cue, she heard a loud cry from a good distance away. Snapping her head in that direction, Myra watched the big black bird flying away from the hill, going high over the forest beyond. \"Arthur!\" Myra screamed out, even though she felt he probably couldn't hear her from so far off. But before she even cried it out, she was pushing forward as fast as her new wings could fly her. Which, unfortunately, wasn't too fast. \"Aw, come on, wings!\" Myra cried in frustration. \"If I can fly, shouldn't I be able to fly like that bird?\" She shook her head, trying to clear her mind, before she slapped all six legs on her light, as if agitating it would give her a boost. Finally, when she could see the bird just getting away from her, Myra wriggled her legs to loosen them up, and flew like she was determined to see the finish line of a race. Indeed, she could feel herself picking up speed, the world becoming a blue behind her wings. She was glad to be making progress, but it was becoming harder to see the bird in the increasing darkness. Finally, even when the moon was high above her, she couldn't spot Arthur's captor. It seemed to have disappeared altogether. And her magic was useless if she wasn't human. Myra stopped herself, conflicted. She felt like her legs were being pulled to opposite sides of her—Arthur was calling for help, but Merlin was still lost on the other side, among the other fireflies. There was no way that he could tell her apart from the others in this darkness. And the bird that caught Arthur was too far away to be seen well, and she probably couldn't save him unless she could use her magic properly. At the moment, it felt like she could go in any which direction, and not be successful either way. So, she closed her eyes, and turned herself around several times, pointing her finger to make a decision. Except, she just felt ridiculous. This wasn't helping at all. For all she knew, Arthur had already been eaten, and Merlin was already scouring the hill looking for her. The thought of Arthur getting eaten planted fast resolve in Myra's mind. No way was she about to let her best friend get eaten! Her training as a witch had told her that she had to use her magic for good. Well, she also had to use her brains—and this was one situation where she would have to make do without her magic power—just as she had before she knew she had power in her! Clearing her throat, Myra took off in the direction she had seen the bird go. She couldn't see the various blinking of firefly light anymore, but she could see by her own light, and the coming moon. She narrowed her gaze at the space ahead of her, not stopping once to see how high she was flying or what could be following her. All that mattered to her was finding Arthur, and getting back to Merlin as quick as was possible. At last, Myra found herself dodging branches as she came into the forest. She was careful to hide her light when she could—hiding beneath thick bunches of leaves, so as not to attract new predators. Merlin's owl, Archimedes, had once informed her that there were other species of owl in these trees that would easily mistake a firefly for a tasty meal. That's why she kept her eyes wide open, in search of anything that could possibly oppose her. Myra felt she was doing fine moving through the forest—until she saw a pair of yellow lights blinking at her from between some branches. She immediately slowed, and ducked beneath the leaves closest to her. She lifted the leaves with her front legs, peeking just enough to see the lights again. She couldn't tell if they were firefly lights, because they were ever constantly glowing. But they certainly were intimidating, looking like the face of a predator staring her right in the eye. Exercising caution, Myra flew behind that tree, going in a straight line so that her light wouldn't betray her location. She took a breath when she was certain she wasn't being followed, while also looking out for the flash of another firefly in a bird's nest. And considering how far she had flown into the forest, she felt for certain she didn't have much further to travel. Then, from not far off, there came the low tweeting of a bird. The moment that the sound hit Myra's ears, she took off in that direction, her light becoming like a neon streak in the dark, forgetting to hide it behind the leaves. It wasn't like Myra cared, though. She was hurrying to find Arthur before anything more could happen. In front of her, she noticed a circular bed of branches and twigs, tucked between four low-lying branches that made a little fence around the nest. And surely enough, lying in the center of the nest, was a medium-sized bird, about as big as Archimedes, though it wasn't an owl. It was black, though it wasn't a crow or raven. But the minute that Myra came in sight of the bird, she froze. Thinking fast, she dove beneath the nest, where quite suddenly, she came across something just as surprising. A leaf was moving along the branches, and though Myra was startled at first, she took a closer look. From just beneath the green veins and skin of the leaf, she saw a glinting yellow light. \"Hello?\" Myra asked, inching closer to the moving leaf. Then, from out beneath the leaf, a firefly with a curious, wide-eyed face caught Myra's eye. The blinking of the light showed the red-orange color of the slabs that covered his wings. \"Arthur!\" she yelped, in both surprise and utmost joy in seeing her friend safe from the bird. \"Shh!\" Arthur scolded, putting one leg to his mouth, while gesturing madly with the others for Myra to come under the leaf. \"You make too much noise, and he'll hear you!\" \"Sorry,\" said Myra, as she scurried under the leaf. \"It's just that I'm so glad to see you're safe. I thought maybe the bird had eaten you already!\" \"It's good to see you too,\" Arthur replied. \"But this isn't a time for talk. It's about time we got back to Merlin.\" Myra nodded, as she and Arthur started a slow crawl along the branch. They did so in silence, occasionally tugging on the leaf to hide them better. Arthur led them along, as Myra had her eyes peeled for the strange predator eyes she had seen earlier. She felt herself getting hot thinking about the frightful sight, but she felt better at least that Arthur was by her side again. They just had to find Merlin now… A pair of twig-like legs snapped on the branch in front of Arthur and Myra, and they both screamed, loosening their grip on the leaf. It fluttered away from them, as in that instant, Myra spotted the same pair of bright yellow lights. She took Arthur's arms tightly, a spell on her mind… And then the two lights became one, as a firefly zoomed out of the trees, shouting something that for a moment, neither Arthur nor Myra could understand. Though, it sounded a bit like Latin. Myra sputtered out her breath as bright pink smoke surrounded her and Arthur. She felt her body growing, her six firefly limbs disappearing, her wings shriveling away… She raised her hand in a blind fury, shouting the same spell she had recited earlier, and a bright green light—much like her firefly light—shot from her fingertip… …and she hit herself on the low, mushy ground of the forest. A second oomph! was heard from beside her, as Myra shook her head to realign her senses. Slowly, she started to move her limbs, surprised to find that there were no muscles to flex in her sides, nor on her back. \"Take care, Myra,\" said a familiar voice, as two spindly, wrinkled arms helped her stand up. \"You took quite a fall. The same to you, my boy.\" Myra leaned against the tree nearest her once Merlin turned to help Arthur. It felt sort of odd being human now, now that she didn't have to flap her wings so vigorously, or flex six insect legs. And Arthur seemed to be thinking the same, the way Merlin had to hold him by his shoulders for more than a minute. \"Come now, both of you,\" said Merlin. \"We've all had quite an adventure tonight.\" Myra looked behind her at the tree where Merlin had appeared—straight out of the two glowing lights. \"Merlin,\" she began, \"was that…?\" \"I'm surprised as well,\" Merlin replied. \"I didn't think for a moment that you two would have gone so far into these woods. But I had to look. You see, I duplicated my form, so that I could appear to any unsuspecting animal as a pair of predator's eyes when my light blinked.\" \"Well it worked!\" exclaimed Myra. \"You scared me half to death, Merlin!\" Merlin chuckled, patting Myra's shoulder affectionately. \"Nevertheless, I'm glad I found you both when I did. Though I will say, you both were smart enough to get away when you could.\" \"I wasn't going to leave Arthur!\" Myra said. \"I know you never would,\" Merlin replied. \"That's why I'm proud that you faced a hungry bird to find him. And as a firefly, no less.\" \"By the way, thank you, Merlin,\" Arthur piped up. \"For what, my boy?\" asked Merlin. \"You know, for the lesson,\" Arthur said. \"Well, even though we almost got eaten, and got lost…it was actually kind of fun.\" Myra gave Arthur a queer look, which only made Arthur laugh. \"That's why he makes an amazing king,\" Myra muttered, half to Merlin. \"He can look at passed danger, and laugh in its face, although he knows it will happen again soon.\" Merlin grinned. \"Believe you me, there will be plenty more adventures where this one came from.\" ","Summary":" The boiling summer heat could not stop Myra from running down the hill. At this point, she had been"},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"St Patrick's Day in England","Author":"Disneyfangirl774","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12877100","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a late St. Patrick's Day fic, but worth it. My mom and I came up with this idea. Enjoy! It was St. Patrick's Day in England. Now that Arthur had become king, he decided to visit Merlin, his magic teacher whenever he wanted or Merlin would visit him. On that day, Arthur wore a dark green T-Shirt. \"Hello, Arthur, my lad,\" Merlin greeted. \"I mean… King Arthur.\" \"Hello, Merlin,\" Arthur greeted back. \"What brings you here?\" \"Well, I just wanted to say hello and you've come a long way. You are truly a rightful king.\" \"Well, my subjects have been screaming my name,\" Arthur said, pushing up his slipping medieval crown. \"It gets tiresome sometimes, don't you think?\" Merlin nodded. \"Would you like to go out for a walk with me, son?\" he asked. \"Oh, boy! Would I?\" Arthur exclaimed excitedly. \"Now that I'm King, not only am I allowed to rule the kingdom, I can spend time with you whenever I want.\" \"After all, you are king,\" said Merlin with a wink. He poked his pet owl, the educated owl, Archimedes awake. \"What do you say, Archimedes?\" \"What-what?\" Archimedes shouted. Arthur giggled. Then he noticed that his idol was not wearing green. \"Merlin, why aren't you wearing green?\" \"Oh, dear!\" Merlin said absentmindedly and aimed his wand at his chest. Poof! His clothes were all green. \"No problem.\" \"What about Archimedes?\" Arthur asked. \"Don't mind him,\" Merlin replied to Arthur, \"I don't need to change his feathers to green.\" \"Burst my tail feathers!\" Archimedes retorted, crossing his wings. \"I can see why you think that, Merlin.\" Arthur got up from his throne, put down his staff, took off his big crown, and set it on his throne. Merlin escorted him out of the castle. … Merlin smelled the fresh air. \"Fresh air is always good for your heart and lungs, my boy.\" \"It sure is,\" Arthur agreed. Archimedes slept during the walk. … Meanwhile, Sir Ector and his son, Sir Kay were out for a walk, as well. It was Ector's idea because he wanted to pay a visit with his foster son, Arthur. \"I hate St. Patrick's Day!\" Sir Ector complained. He was not wearing green at all. Instead, he wore red, like always. \"Me, too, Dad,\" said Sir Kay, \"It's the worst holiday there is.\" \"Then why are you wearing a green shirt, Kay?\" \"It's the color I usually wear.\" Merlin looked behind him to see two complainers. \"I know just the thing,\" Merlin said to Arthur, \"Watch and learn.\" In one poof, Ector's clothes were changed to green, while Kay's black vest was changed to a darker shade of green compared to his light green shirt and boy, were they embarrassed! Arthur couldn't help but laugh in satisfaction over Merlin's magic. Merlin was back to his old tricks again. \"See, Kay? This is why I hate St. Patrick's Day!\" Ector whined. \"The mind plays tricks on you.\" \"And worse, Wart, that pipsqueak is laughing at us!\" Kay said. \"Give him demerits for that one, Dad.\" \"Just ignore him,\" Merlin said, dancing on a rock, \"It's supposed to be a fun day. Arthur likes this holiday.\" He was right. It was supposed to be a fun day, but would they throw it all away for the mere fact that Merlin played tricks on them? Ector let out a reluctant sigh. \"Arthur, I came by to see how you were doing. How is the kingdom treating you?\" \"I am doing fine, Ector,\" Arthur said, \"And my subjects are treating me with respect. Thanks for checking up on me.\" \"Believe me, I would admit that I could have done better at it if I treated you and Kay equally,\" Ector said and turned to his son, \"Right, Kay?\" Kay crossed his arms. \"Alright,\" he huffed. Sir Ector bowed down to his knees to Arthur and Kay did the same. What a holiday it was. The End Author's notes: Well, what did you think? Again, I apologize for not updating this sooner. Thank you for reading. ","Summary":" This is a late St. Patrick's Day fic, but worth it. My mom and I came up with this idea. Enjoy! It "},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"Arthur of Camelot (Part 1)","Author":"JD Elledge","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12590326","Passage":"[Chapter 1] J.D. Elledge Arthur of Camelot Based on the Characters from The Once and Future King by T.H. White And the Disney film The Sword in the Stone Prologue Merlin guided Arthur to his throne: lined with perfect velvet and gilded with the purest gold. Though the wizard's face was bright and joyful, the boy's was not—in fact, it was fraught with fear. \"Now then,\" grumbled Merlin, taking notice of this, \"what seems to be troubling you, Arthur?\" \"Merlin, I can't possibly be king,\" the young one exclaimed. \"I don't know how to rule a country, command an army, or even fight battles. Why do they have so much faith in me?\" With a stroke of his beard, Merlin smiled once more and patted Arthur on the head. \"My boy,\" he began, \"that's precisely why you are to be king. Arthur Pendragon, there's more to you than you know.\" After finally placing himself upon the throne, Arthur felt a bit better, but still apprehensive. \"Merlin… what if I need you again?\" He asked, \"What would I do then?\" Merlin pondered this a while, but shortly reassured young Arthur that all he'd need to do is trust his own heart. Though not an entirely clear answer, it lightened the boy's mood for the time being. With that, the enchanter vanished, leaving Arthur alone in the hollow room. The silence was almost impenetrable: the combination of faded tapestries and barbaric armor on display furthered the eerie sense of dread. As Arthur sank further into his noble seat, he could swear the silence was broken by thousands of voices united in the chant for their new hope. Without a single doubt in the new king's mind, they were singing a brilliant homage to the one who'd pulled the sword from the stone and wrought the country out of ruin. They sang: Hail to Arthur, who saved us all. Hail to Arthur, he pulled the sword From out the stone. Long may he reign Upon his throne. Camelot is his and his alone. And finally, Arthur's spirits were lifted. PART I Arthur and the Strange Girl -1- On a particularly lovely day—a rare occasion for Camelot—the twenty-five-year-old King Arthur found himself romping along with a new loyal knight. Lancelot Dulac had ventured from his home in France to become a knight of Arthur's round table. He was not a good looking man—his face was rough and far from perfect and his short hair lacked the flow of Arthur's along with the other knights. Fortunately, Lancelot's brawny strength and overwhelming confidence proved his worth to the king, and secured him a seat amongst Arthur's select few. These qualities rather impressed Arthur who'd not seen a bravado like Lancelot's or met one who could match his power. On this day, the two were riding deep into the forest beside Castle Camelot to practice archery. Arthur had earlier placed three targets within the wood, specifically for sparing the trees the point of an arrow. Long since his childhood, Arthur was always kind to nature and nature never failed him in time of need. Many battles over, the woods provided Arthur and his army with cover in case of a retreat—after which, his forces would defeat their opponents with surprise. This supplied Camelot with many victories and many happy nights of freedom. When they finally spotted the targets, Arthur and Lancelot dismounted while bantering towards each other. \"I must say, Lancelot, your ego is hard to match,\" Arthur chuckled. With a smirk Lancelot laughed back, \"My boldness may not last long today, your highness.\" \"Don't sell yourself short, old boy,\" said Arthur, bow in hand. Without even a second being wasted, Arthur slung an arrow back with the bow string, squinted his left eye tight, locked onto the center of the bright bullseye, and— smack . Before a pin could drop, the arrow had struck into the target, but roughly an inch above where he was aiming. \"Excellent shot, sire!\" Lancelot stood in awe. \"A perfect bullseye.\" \"Nay,\" Arthur grunted, \"the perfect bullseye is an inch lower.\" But even at a second glance, Lancelot could not tell the difference. Nevertheless, he drew his own arrow against the bow in his hands. \"Have you ever shot an arrow before?\" Inquired Arthur. \"Not as much as I would hope to, but I know what it takes.\" Lancelot answered while taking aim at the same target. Lancelot was preparing to fire the same way Arthur had, but he somehow seemed more intimate with his weapon—and, therefore, more dangerous. The moment was so intense that time seemed to stand still. Arthur was beginning to feel more on edge, wondering if he'd offended the knight by asking about his experience with a bow. At this point, Lancelot's gaze had grown sinister… as if he were seeing red directly in front of him. His arrow was much more of a horrid design than Arthur's: it was made from fine steel, but bore a serrated edge and a barbed tip to increase damage. After what seemed like an ungodly hour, Lancelot breathed an ominous sigh and the arrow flicked away from his bow in a straight path. In the blink of an eye, the target, previously marked by Arthur, had another arrow jetting out from the center of it. \"How is that?\" Lancelot asked in a genuine tone. But Arthur made no effort to answer, for he'd been dumbstruck by the fact that Lancelot's arrow landed an inch lower than his own. \"Sire,\" Lancelot turned to Arthur, \"are you well?\" Arthur was unaware of the surprised look on his face. \"Yes, yes I am,\" he insisted. \"Well, then is that a good shot, your highness?\" \"My friend that is a perfect bullseye.\" But before there could be further discussion about the matter, the men were alarmed by a quick rustle amongst the thickets. They both, cautiously, gripped the hilts of their swords while taking brisk steps backwards. Another brush of leaves occurred, followed by a swift shadow behind them. \"Your highness,\" whispered Lancelot, \"could it be an attacker?\" \"I suppose,\" Arthur said, squinting hard that he might see a clearer figure, \"but we won't know if we stay over here, will we?\" With a nod towards each other, they crept softly towards the patch of bushes where the rustling was growing louder and more frequent. Arthur drew his gleaming blade, raising it higher than his opposite arm that reached for the leaves in front of him. Lancelot stood a few paces behind Arthur who quickly snatched the branch in his fist and thrusted it away. Before he could strike, he glanced surprised at what he saw. The disturbance was because of a young, beautiful woman. Her face was clean and bright, but her clothing was covered with dirt and stitched patches hardly finished to begin with. Arthur met her gaze with sympathy, but hers was writhing with nervousness. \"Sir Lancelot, it's alright.\" Arthur halted his companion as he sheathed his sword. Lancelot glanced over to see the frightened girl. \"Lord above,\" he exclaimed, \"she's scared to death.\" Arthur knelt down to the lady. \"What is your name?\" He asked. The woman did not answer—only shivered with a mild whimper. The king then made for his saddle, retrieved a large cloak and blanketed it over her. He signaled Lancelot to ready his steed and return to the castle while he was doing the same. \"Your highness, what're we to do with her?\" Asked the knight as he mounted his horse. \"She'll stay a night in the castle,\" Arthur stated. \"I sadly think this woman's mind is slow… and she may have seen destruction before. In our home, she'll never know danger.\" Lancelot flinched one of his eye brows. \"I don't know, your majesty. What will your lady have to say?\" \"Fair Guinevere will pay no mind to it,\" Arthur said sharply. \"As Christians we must show kindness to those in need of it. Just as our savior had in his time.\" The sun was still proudly displayed in the blue scape above the land when the two armor clad warriors galloped away with the weak peasant. Shortly this poor wretch was to be introduced to a world she'd never known—a land of peace, comfort, and safety. -2- In the private library of Castle Camelot, Lady Guinevere was calmly reading a favorite of hers. It was a mythos of the land before humans—elaborating on mysterious creatures, enchantments, and undiscovered territories. Before she'd made the trip to Camelot, Guinevere was a lady of nature, for she'd never have anything to do with modern weapons or metal instruments. She felt all she wanted to know would be given to her from the skies, her troubles would be solved by speaking to the trees, and prayers were to be sent through the earth. However, these ideals proved to be a challenge against Arthur. Guinevere had traveled from the far reaches of the isles as a choice for Arthur as a bride. The young king had only that year discovered his duty to marry, and was fearful about it. When Guinevere made her much anticipated entrance, Arthur had gotten along quite well with her. Both were close in age and both passionate about being fair and true. It would have been love at first sight if they hadn't disagreed on one another's belief. Arthur had grown to be a devout Christian—he believed in God above and his divine son, Christ who died for the sins of all mankind. Guinevere had no such stance. She couldn't fathom the idea of an almighty \"God\" looking over everyone on Earth, nor of his son who came from heaven to die for human's sake. This disturbed Arthur, but he couldn't deny a woman who bore such eloquence and beauty. Therefore, he remained content. As Guinevere began to place the book away, she was alerted by troubadours sounding her fiancée's return from archery. She smiled prettily and darted down the corridor from the roomful of literary intrigue. Though it would seem unlikely, Lady Guinevere couldn't bear the fact of being away from Arthur for very long. She'd been a maid since her dear mother passed away; Arthur was the only suitor in her life and also a chance to be royalty. A once in a lifetime opportunity in her eyes. She zoomed quickly down the steps toward the castle doors, and beamed bright once she spotted Arthur and Lancelot riding in. She made her way towards him as he planted both feet on the floor. At once, they both embraced fondly—though they'd only been separated momentarily. \"My dear,\" Guinevere swooned in Arthur's arms, \"it is beyond rewarding to see you command a room so valiantly.\" \"My fair Guinevere, I make the best effort for your sake.\" He remarked in his deep, suave register. During this, they took no notice of Lancelot retrieving the young woman they'd saved—who was now unconscious. \"My lord,\" said Lancelot, alerting Arthur, \"the young one has become faint. Where shall we keep her?\" \"Make her comfortable in the visitor's chamber,\" Arthur requested. \"I'll see to her later.\" The knight made haste towards the steps, carrying the woman. Guinevere was quickly puzzled. \"Arthur, what is the meaning of this?\" She muttered, hushed but still alarmed. He then glanced in the direction the two had fled. \"She was alone in the woods,\" Arthur responded. \"She was quite fearful, and weak, so we took her for safekeeping.\" \"But my love,\" Guinevere exclaimed, \"what if she has intentions to do harm?\" \"What do you mean?\" The fair lady had now grown serious. \"She could be a spy from the enemy. Now that she knows of where Camelot is, she could get back to her forces and reveal our weaknesses.\" Arthur suddenly scowled disapprovingly. \"How dare you insinuate such things,\" he declared. \"But Arthur, you know nothing about her.\" \"I know enough.\" He said, almost shouting. \"She's a mere peasant—you can tell by her clothing—and she couldn't even speak when I asked her name.\" Arthur quickly sat Guinevere down with him to speak more gently. \"My beautiful Guinevere, this woman may have witnessed a horrible occurrence. Why else would she be frightened so?\" She nodded in agreement as Arthur caressed the back of her soft hands. \"All I ask, my love, is that we give her shelter tonight. We'll see her off the next morning. Even to the end of town if you wish, but please let her stay tonight.\" Guinevere gazed longingly into her dear one's stare and finally said, \"If I am to let her stay, would you do one thing for me?\" \"Anything,\" Arthur gleamed. \"Then please be so kind as to shave that beard.\" Over the years of his rule, Arthur had been very keen on his appearance. Everything was to be straight and in order from his neck down, but he never did a thing to alter his growing facial hair. By the time he was twenty-four, Arthur had grown a full beard and kept it that way, but now his lady was demanding that he shave it. \"What?\" He shook. \"My beard? Why?\" Guinevere giggled happily. \"My dear, it keeps me awake at night. Lying next to you would be so much more comfortable if there wasn't a sharp bundle of fur jetting from your face.\" Arthur rolled his eyes, but knew quite well that he had to obey. \"Very well, my love, by your request this beard will be gone after supper.\" Two hours passed by when Arthur made his trip to the visitor's chamber. Coincidently the room was a few feet away from the lending library (different from the private library), which made it simple for visitors to help themselves to a casual reading of a good book now and then. Arthur crept up to the door of the room and softly knocked three times. Though no verbal answer came, Arthur assumed it was alright for him to enter. As he turned the knob and swung open the door, he noticed the woman now quiet and in a deep slumber. Sitting beside the bed where she slept, Arthur softly nudged her awake. She jolted a bit at the sight of him. \"Don't worry,\" he said assuring her, \"I'm not here to harm you. I'm Arthur, King of Camelot. But please don't feel obligated to call me 'your highness.'\" She finally started to relax, but remained alert as if it was her instinct to do so. \"You shall stay here till morning. My men will guide you to town where you will always be safe.\" Though he thought he was making sense to her, the girl was looking at him awkwardly. She had hazel eyes that bore a specific sparkle in the dim light of the room. Arthur tried to repeat his words, but quickly found that she wasn't paying attention to them. She rather paid special attention to his eyes. Arthur noticed that she saw him differently than he saw her: she showed a face that Arthur recognized as the \"you look familiar\" kind of expression. \"Do—do you think you know me?\" Arthur asked. Then, rather abruptly, the lady inched towards him. Her hand extended to his face, from which Arthur felt he should retreat, but he didn't. She finally touched Arthur's cheek, just above where his beard started, and stared even harder into his eyes. Even stranger, she began to sniff—as a dog or any mammal would to identify something. Arthur quickly directed her away, but she still seemed curious. \"Young woman, I assure you… we have never met before,\" he said as he stood to leave. \"If you would care to have supper, it will be in the dining hall. Our servants will guide you if you get lost.\" -3- To Arthur's surprise, the young lady accepted his invitation to dine with them. She even donned a pleasant gown, lent to her by one of the court dressers. While her appearance was by far an improvement, her eating habits proved to be otherwise. She focused her energy onto her front teeth and rapidly munched away on her food—neglecting the silverware as well. This clearly upset Guinevere and somewhat disturbed Arthur, but neither of them spoke a word, feeling weary of this strange girl's sensitivity. Upon finishing dinner, Arthur rushed to the wash room to shave his proud beard. Sad to see this go , he thought, but it will be interesting to discover a face beneath this . Bit by bit, the hairs collapsed as Arthur scraped the small blade along their base. Five minutes went by and Arthur had barely gotten to his skin, but the floor under his feet had quickly began gathering puffy blonde patches of his severed beard. After an additional seven minutes, Arthur finally spotted bare skin. Well, fancy that , went his thoughts again, I haven't looked like that since I was fifteen . He then applied the final scratches against his cheeks, chin, and neck till he couldn't spot a single hair. He'd actually grown so bewildered by his new look that he hadn't noticed the young lady was behind him. \"Oh,\" he jumped, \"forgive me, I didn't see you there.\" He placed down his razor and wash rag. \"Well, how does it look?\" He asked, flashing a confident smile. The girl did not show any sign of approval, but her eyes suddenly glistened. Before Arthur could ask again, he felt an incredible shove. As he slammed upon the ground, he found the woman holding him in a fond embrace, nuzzling her face against his. \"Madam,\" Arthur huffed rather aghast, \"this is hardly appropriate.\" But she continued to cuddle him as if she had longed to hold him in her arms. Arthur got to his feet and sternly shoved her arms off of him. \"See here,\" he asserted, \"I don't know who you think you are, but you are not to show me this sort of affection from now on.\" He brushed his vest free of the lady's fine red locks as he started out the door. But before he could be out of earshot, a small squeak sounded from her. Though almost inaudible, Arthur swore he could sense a word. \"Did you say something?\" He peered back into the room. Her haunting, hazel eyes brightened as she repeated this sound which became quite clear this time, \" Cheekoo …\" To any other human, this would be mere gibberish. No one in the world could see a meaning in a \"word\" like this one, but Arthur—somehow—could. He slipped onto both knees directly in front of the woman and stared into her eyes again. \"You do know me, don't you?\" She nodded. \"And I know you, don't I?\" She nodded again, but with a much brighter smile than ever before. All the while, Guinevere was brushing the braids out of her hair. Her whole mind was filled with giddy thoughts of what Arthur could possibly look like without his beard. Could he be manlier than ever—gifted with a structure only seen in a knight, or could he be much more boyish—as if his face stayed young? These questions buzzed around frivolously as she giggled to herself. Suddenly, a few knocks interrupted her train of thought. She rushed the chamber door open only to see Sir Lancelot. \"Lancelot, to what do I owe this honor?\" She wondered with a courtesy. \"Pardon me, Fair Lady,\" he bowed, \"Arthur ordered a bundle of new covers and pillows.\" He quickly made way towards their bed and placed the parcel upon it. \"How kind,\" she sighed. \"Good night, m' lady,\" Lancelot regarded her as he made his way to the door. \"Before you go, Lancelot, explain something to me.\" He stood and nodded his head. \"How did you happen upon that woman?\" \"It is just as King Arthur said,\" Lancelot stammered, \"she was alone and defenseless amongst the thickets; we merely took pity on her.\" \"I see,\" she glared, almost with daggers in her eyes, \"good night, Sir Lancelot.\" \"Good night, fair one.\" Then Lancelot was gone. Guinevere took her place at the dresser again, but did not pick up her brush. Instead, she reached for a quill and a piece of parchment. Her eyes were now swords, piercing through the stiff paper as the tip of the ink-blotted stem scratched endlessly upon the surface. Hardly blinking, she ravaged the letter almost to the point of shredding it to bits when she suddenly heard footsteps down the hall. She dotted the last specs of punctuation, folded the paper, and stamped the center of it with a wax seal. Lastly, she tucked this article into her glory box and hid it back to its place behind the looking glass and snuck under her covers without wasting a moment. By now, her deadly glare had disappeared; she seemed at peace now… and so she was able to sleep. -4- The next day was a far cry from the beautiful splendor that graced the one before. The sun was concealed by a swarming haze of mist, the fields had been blanketed by a brisk frost, and the trees' branches drooped from lack of warmth and light. In addition to this dreariness, Arthur and Guinevere seemed to be evading each other. Wherever Arthur was, Guinevere wouldn't wander a step near him. Perhaps it wasn't that they both avoided each other… Guinevere was avoiding Arthur. Even the knights began to question the state of things between Arthur and his bride-to-be. The roundtable consisted of eight knights at that point- Galahad was the noblest of them and therefore the most trustworthy. He could not bear the idea of gossiping, especially about the king and his future queen, but the other knights relished the notion. In fact, they gathered in the ale room to discuss their opinions. \"What if there is no wedding?\" Pondered Erec, the Courteous. \"Exactly,\" exclaimed Robin, the Brave. \"They'd have to be in love for there to be a wedding.\" Sir Dinadan, the Valiant, butted in, \"Perhaps it's all for wealth.\" \"Certainly not!\" Erec retorted. \"Well, what then?\" As the argument escalated, Galahad looked upon them from the barrels with a sharp, disappointed glare. Before the other knights' shouting could boil his blood, Galahad's mug thundered onto the floor. \"Will you quite finish?\" He shouted, forcing a vacant chair underneath him. \"None of you know the consequences of speaking such treason… it makes me sick!\" The room fell more silent than a grave. All the knights bowed their heads full of regret and discomfort. They all began to shame themselves for even thinking of what they had spoken, and Galahad stood over them as if he were a jail guard. But the silence was quickly broken by Lancelot bursting through the entrance door. He seemed to be short of breath as if he'd been in a hurry. \"Has anyone seen his majesty recently?\" He gasped. Galahad raised an eyebrow. \"Not since this morning,\" he grunted. \"Why? Has something occurred that should come to his attention?\" Lancelot shook his head, but still had an urgent look on his face. \"Then what's happening, man?\" Exclaimed Robin. \"It's just…\" Lancelot hesitated as if he couldn't catch enough air to carry on. \"He's not in the throne room and nowhere to be found throughout the castle grounds.\" Galahad rose from his chair in a hurry. \"Is his horse still in the stable?\" \"Yes, and so is Guinevere's\" With a look towards one another, the knights knew that panic would not solve this mystery. They weren't sure of whether this situation was even that serious, so they all had one single idea. Without a moment to spare, the brave ones piled out of the ale room and onto their horses to search for the missing king. The last thing they would expect is for him to be unconscious or kidnapped, but they knew they had to find him to confirm that he was alright. Galahad led the group as Lancelot tailed behind and they all rode into the forest. ","Summary":" J.D. Elledge Arthur of Camelot Based on the Characters from The Once and Future King by T.H. White "},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"The New, Fun Trick in the Book","Author":"GreenWallsOfArt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7228875","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As it was customary for little children to nap during the day hours, it was normal for King Arthur Pendragon and Princess Myra Swann of Camelot to sit out on their favorite hill, overlooking the countryside beyond their kingdom. There was a wide expanse of lush grass that dipped towards a creek that divided the hill and a vast forest. Beyond the forest, there was nothing but golden sunlight while the sunset painted the world in its sweet glow. Although Arthur and Myra were very good friends, they said nothing while this extraordinary sight occurred in front of them. No matter how many times they saw the England sunset, it never ceased to make marvels in their eyes. Arthur was in utter rapture, but there suddenly came a look in Myra's face that told the opposite. Her eyes were following a V-shaped line of birds that glided off towards the sun. She squinted to watch them, only for the entire formation to vanish behind the glowing rays. \"Arthur, did you see those birds?\" she blurted. Arthur, still in a trance from the beautiful spectacle, didn't answer right away. But then he looked up at his friend, following her pointed finger. \"What birds?\" he asked. \"What kind do you think they were?\" \"What's it matter about their kind?\" Myra said with a laugh. Arthur gave his friend a queer look, like he would to their wizard friend, Merlin, when he was giving a particularly strange lecture about some obscure subject. \"You've got that look, Myra,\" he said cautiously. \"What is it?\" Myra leaned back in the grass, pointing out towards the sun that the birds had passed. \"I was thinking of what it would be like to fly that high in the sky, like the birds do. You know, not like when Merlin transformed us into fireflies. They can only go so high.\" \"I don't know what's wrong with asking Merlin,\" Arthur said. \"I think he'd be more than happy to turn us into eagles or something of that kind.\" \"No, no he wouldn't,\" Myra agreed. \"But…\" Arthur snorted out a laugh. \"Come on, Myra. Don't leave me hanging!\" Myra shook her head, though her expression was still as thoughtful as ever. \"You can be certain, Arthur, that I'm concocting something. But, it's something kind of out of the ordinary.\" Arthur laughed. \"When has anything about you or Merlin ever been ordinary?\" Myra chuckled in reply. \"Yes, that's true,\" she said. \"But think about it. What if, instead of flying in the form of any given bird, we flew on some kind of object ? Like taking a ride, instead of flying by our own wings…\" Arthur responded with the same queer look as before, except he stretched it out towards the twilit horizon. He too leaned back in the grass, keeping his gaze still. Myra leaned closer with interest; she knew that this was Arthur's way of saying he was thinking. \"All right,\" he said, seeming to brighten up at Myra's idea. \"But…just what would you fly on?\" \"A whole bunch of things,\" Myra said. \"How about we use our imaginations a little, and think of things that maybe we could sit on, stand on—just fly on.\" With that, the two friends put their heads to the ground, laying back to look at the coming stars, wondering if perhaps soon they would fly towards them. … .. The following day appeared as grand as the previous. Myra and Arthur spoke little of their flying idea at breakfast, mostly because Myra was interested in making this a secret endeavor. And besides, they were stuffing their faces too full of cinnamon strudel to make conversation anyway. They commenced their normal routines soon after, in which Arthur, Myra, and Merlin went into the library for daily lessons. For one part, Merlin was to teach Myra and Arthur the ideas and rules of being unusually young royals and, for another, Merlin would teach Myra magic. But if Merlin was like a calm master when it came to the subject, then Myra was like a tiger set to pounce at anything the wizened old man could teach her. She bounded to and fro with her magic power, setting sparkles and smoke every which way. Although now, Myra's heart wasn't in working her magic prowess. While it was fun, she couldn't help but consider the notion she had proposed to Arthur yesterday—that they go for a flight. The idea had some deep merit to it, and she found that the more she considered it, the more she loved it. She remembered the rare dreams she had from early childhood when she would fly higher than the strongest bird, and not ever getting tired. In those instances, she had felt like she was on top of the world, like nothing could ever touch her, and that she would never come down. At least, until the morning sun brought her out of slumber. Well now, it was possible for her and Arthur to do so! But there was just one problem. Myra still hadn't thought of what object she could enchant to bring her and Arthur on their flight. With every turn of her body, Myra observed every object she found in the library. There seemed to be hundreds of contenders for such a role. It would have to be sturdy enough to support both their weights, would be comfortable to sit on, and couldn't carry too much mass—the smaller the object, the easier it would be for her to enchant, and the longer the spell could last. She thought to herself continually while she looked about—first at the study table where Arthur sat with a book, and then the chairs. Her first thought was to enchant the table so she and Arthur could sit on it, but when she pictured them flying on it, she just couldn't see it working; the same with the chairs, because they wouldn't be flying together on the same one. Besides, the table could easily be seen in the sky, and she didn't want to draw too much attention to their flight, even at twilight. When at last Myra could catch her breath, she slid into the chair beside Arthur. \"So, have you been thinking about it?\" she asked in whispers. \"I have, in fact,\" Arthur whispered. He slid out a piece of paper from under his book, and Myra was surprised at the amount of notes he had written down—even more so that they all matched her thoughts. \"Good, that's good,\" Myra noted. \"Great minds think alike, I see.\" Arthur nodded, as he pointed out each note. \"Well, it's obvious that we can't use anything in here. Merlin might find it missing, and goodness knows what he'll do then.\" Myra frowned, pinching the bridge of her nose between her fingers. She got up from her chair, and started for the section of books that focused solely on the supernatural arts. There, she found a book of basic charms, and brought it back to the table, where she started turning the pages to find the right spell. Arthur followed her, leaning closer, his eyes ever widening. \"A-HA!\" Myra exclaimed when she found the spell. Smoothing out the pages, both she and Arthur read the instructions, and the supposed results. \"Looks like the right spell to me,\" said Arthur. \"Right,\" Myra agreed. \"But casting a spell like this will take precise care. If it's done right, only then will we have optimal strength for flying.\" She sighed, leaning her hand in her palm. \"I cannot wait until I'm as experienced as Merlin and I can cast magic at the drop of a hat.\" \"At the rate you practice, Myra, I think you can still cast magic before a dropped hat touched the ground,\" Arthur said reassuringly. \"And anyway, this is going to be fun!\" \"Yes,\" said Myra. \"But first, we'll have to do a little exploring. We have to find the right object that can endure this adventure.\" … After lessons, Myra and Arthur went on an exploration of the castle. They split up, each of them taking a different part of the castle, keeping in mind the requirements needed for something to fly as they wanted. It was a long search, and by the time they reported back to each other, they had a long list of things to try. \"A bed.\" \"An empty chest.\" \"A rug.\" \"An armchair.\" \"A large basket.\" All good choices, but those were not quite enough to satisfy Myra. Her reasoning to Arthur, was that a bed was too large, and would probably be too hard to steer; an empty chest and a rug just made no sense, and an armchair and basket would simply be too small. But, what else was there to try? After their meeting, the two friends walked about, as Arthur tried to reason with Myra that a bed was the perfect choice. Though she listened, his words went in one ear and out the other. She just knew there was something more they could try—this adventure was too exciting to pass up just because the right object wasn't appearing before them. But then, Myra stopped in her tracks, almost causing Arthur to trip over her in her abruptness. \"Jumping harp toads, Myra!\" Arthur exclaimed. \"What are you doing?\" \"See that door?\" Myra answered, pointing ahead of them. She brought her other hand to her face, twirling around once. \"Oh, I forgot to try the servants' quarters! There may just be something in there! Let's go!\" Arthur stood stagnant with surprise, but yelped like a dog when Myra pulled him along. Myra opened the door, and led them inside. She seemed completely fearless, but Arthur looked about him curiously. In truth, he had never been back in his servants' quarters; it wasn't his usual place anyway. And he didn't see what on earth could be found in there that was any better than what was already out in the castle. \"Why are we—\" \"This is the one place we haven't looked,\" Myra explained. \"What do people always say: some things can be found in the most obscure of places?\" Arthur just shrugged. Arguing against Myra when she was excited was almost impossible to accomplish, though he still didn't understand what either of them could gain from this. Myra tore through the room like a storm. Looking in between the rows of beds for the servants, she looked like a human cheetah. Arthur didn't know whether he should laugh or be ready to pounce on her to slow her down. But there was no denying that she was excited. \"Well?\" Arthur called cautiously. \"What do you see?\" Myra slowed a little at hearing Arthur's question, though she didn't look up. Instead, she went to the opposite end of the room, and started through the open doorway that led into another hallway. Arthur followed, observing the places that Myra had looked, but he didn't have much time before he had to come close behind her. In the hallway, there had come a crash, and a great tumbling of feet. Myra's surprised yelp forced Arthur into the hallway with a start, his heart lurching into his throat as he thought of what could have happened. But when he came into the hall, he stopped as quickly as the crash had happened. Myra was slowly getting back on her feet, but looked to her side, where a long broomstick was lying on the floor. She bent back down to pick it up, and perhaps prop it back against the wall. But what she did next really surprised Arthur. Myra took the broomstick in both her hands, holding it as though she were about to bestow a powerful weapon upon someone. She looked it under and over, twisting it in her hands, but never once putting it back against the wall. Arthur cocked his head at the motions Myra was making, before finally coming over to her with a strange expression that would have made Myra laugh, were she not so oddly entranced. \"Um…Myra?\" Arthur asked. \"What has gotten you so hypnotized about this old broom?\" Myra didn't answer right away, and Arthur had to bite his tongue to keep from giving himself a face-palm. \"Arthur.\" Myra spoke in a hushed whisper, but Arthur flinched. \"What? What is it?\" he wanted to know. \"I think…I think we may have a contender for what we will use to fly.\" Arthur bit his tongue once more—this time to keep from gasping out loud. Instead, he snorted a laugh. \"A…broom?\" he asked. \"Myra, how can we fly a broom? \"Arthur, look at this!\" Myra said. \"It's lightweight. It's small enough that we could ride it, and not be seen right away, yet it's long enough to carry both of us. The tail of the broom is flat, so we can turn it, and steer easily. And I think we could perhaps make the spell last about four to five hours on this broom.\" \"Hmm.\" Arthur peered closely at the broom. The details Myra had mentioned were good. He could in fact see a broom flying fast, but the idea of riding one was extraordinary. It was practically an idea only Myra could come up with. \"You really think we can pull it off?\" Arthur said, rubbing his finger along the broom handle. Myra only smiled at her friend. \"All we need now is a spell book, this broom, and a sunset to fly it by.\" … . Under Myra's instruction, Arthur requested that dinner be served early, so that they could eat, and have time to rest before the broom flight commenced. Afterwards, before Merlin could reach the library, Myra and Arthur carried the spell book and the broom up to her bedroom, to fly outside in secret. They turned their heads every once in a while to see that no one was following them, and by the time they closed Myra's door, the sky was starting to turn orange with the coming twilight. Myra took two pillows from her bed, and tied them around the handle as cushions, before she laid the broom on her bed. \"Stand back, Arthur,\" Myra said. Then she opened the book, whispering the words off the page. A little spark appeared to hover just inches above the handle. In a gradual show, green sparkles showered around the broomstick, making noises and glowing splooshes on the wood, as though they were all magical raindrops. At last the entire broomstick was glowing green, then purple, and finally a milky white, as it started to levitate off the bed. Myra reacted quickly, grabbing the handle, and launching herself onto the cushion at the head of the broom. It started to fly around, as Myra held on tight with one hand, and reached out her other to take Arthur's. \"Give me your hand!\" she cried, grabbing Arthur's arm. He yelled out loudly as Myra dragged him onto the broom, which still zipped and flew about the room like a caged bird. And then, in one swift motion, the broom flew out the window! Both Myra and Arthur screamed out loud as the broom flew straight ahead, as if it were trying to collide with the sun. Arthur was squeezing Myra's waist so as not to fly off, so that Myra could scarcely breathe. She gripped the broom handle like it held her life, hesitating to reach to wipe her windblown hair from her face. She felt Arthur readjust himself in his seat, though his grip on her waist didn't loosen. Myra let out a gasp, and finally, he let go of her a little. \"Myra, you all right?\" he asked. \"I am now, since you let me breathe,\" she gasped out against the sharp wind coming into their faces. \"Can't we slow this down?\" Arthur yelled over the wind. Myra responded by pulling on the broom handle, like the reins of a horse. She and Arthur cried out again as the broom almost flipped all the way over, before Myra pushed the handle forward again to get them back on course. But this time, she kept the handle pulled upward, struggling to keep the broom from speeding up again. Slowly, she pulled it up one more time, kicking it with her leg in frustration. And then, with a movement like a frightened horse, the broom slowed down considerably, so that for a moment, Myra and Arthur were cruising along through the sky. \"Great deck and jack!\" Myra gasped, pulling in a breath and exhaling slowly. Arthur slumped his head against Myra's back, grunting as he started to breathe again. \"Jumping harp toads!\" he exclaimed. Myra laughed off her fear, letting her voice go out into the sky. It felt wonderful to feel so free now. Right now, this was what they had been going for—the gentle, cruising altitude of a flight by broom. Myra looked around them, taking one hand off the broom to wrap her cloak closer to her shoulders. She glanced behind her at Arthur, who was also glancing around. His bright red cloak was flying out behind him like a great flag, billowing majestically. She grinned when she met his eyes, and he did the same. \"This is great!\" he exclaimed. \"Now that the newest trick in my book is working!\" Myra added. \"Come on, how about we go just a little faster?\" \"What?\" Before Arthur could finish his question, Myra yanked her hands forward on the broom handle. All at once, the broom burst forward again, but slowed down enough so that they were going along at an easily thrilling pace. Now was when Myra could look out below them. The entire kingdom was spanning out for miles around, everything colored orange and purple by the setting sun. The forest looked like grass, the lake beyond absolutely sparkling. They couldn't see far beyond the lake, but nonetheless, it was a breathtaking sight. \"Look over there!\" Arthur cried, pointing out towards the horizon that Myra had been observing. \"Have you ever seen anything like that before?\" \"Not till now,\" Myra answered. \"Me neither,\" said Arthur. \"I don't know if Merlin would ever have let us do something like this!\" \"Oh, he would,\" Myra said with a sly smile. \"That is, if he could fly right next to us. But it's nice to do this by ourselves.\" \"It feels better every second!\" Arthur crowed. Myra laughed, as the broom sped further ahead. And by this time, they were far enough beyond the kingdom that sights they hadn't seen before were coming into view. So far it was nothing but farm country, but still a lovely part of the land. Dirt roads stretched to the horizon in between the farm houses. Hills bumped up the roads, spotted with lush summer trees. \"Now this is what broom rides are all about!\" Myra said as she scanned the countryside. \"Should we go further out?\" \"Full speed ahead!\" Arthur said, pointing towards the horizon. Myra laughed as she made the broom fly a smidge faster ahead. She got such a thrill of feeling the broom speed up that she wondered if they actually could fly all the way to the sun. It seemed to be right there in front of them, and the broom had a while before the flying spell wore off… \"Myra!\" Arthur yelled out, stirring her from her thoughts. \"Do this!\" Myra glanced behind her at Arthur. Her heart jumped when she did—his hands were no longer holding onto her waist. Rather they were high in the air, sweeping the breeze. Arthur's face was shining with a combination of his own excitement, and the golden sun reflecting off his skin. It reminded Myra of when her friend used the marvelous sword that he had pulled from the stone several months earlier, when the magical light glowed off his face so that he looked angelic and powerful. Here, he looked like the most joyful young child on the face of the earth. When she finally managed to look ahead of her, Myra steered the broom straight ahead again, and slowly took her hands off the handle to get her balance. She tucked her legs tight together underneath her, and gradually rose herself to a straight posture, with her arms rising higher and higher above her head. \"It must be what a bird feels like!\" Myra remarked in a high voice stimulated by the rush in her heart. \"It's just what it's like!\" Arthur told her. \"You know, Myra, Merlin always says that men will fly on their own someday. Those flying machines they will make won't be half as amazing as this!\" \"I told you the broom would work perfectly!\" Myra said. And off into the sunset, they flew. Once Myra put her hands back on the broom, she decided to try a few tricks. Holding on tight, she made the broom dip and swerve in circles, causing her and Arthur to laugh and whoop louder than they had already. While they had enjoyed cruising along earlier, they both agreed that turning it into a tiny thrill ride was just as much fun. The sun fell below the skyline soon enough, but Myra assured Arthur that there were several more minutes left on the flying spell, so they stayed up in the air until they could see stars in the sky. The two friends didn't return to the castle until long after dark, and then, as they flew in through Myra's window, they fell onto Myra's bed in trying to reach the door. Right then and there, they fell asleep, while slowly, the magical glow about the broomstick faded out, wisping away into the night like the tail of a shooting star. ","Summary":" As it was customary for little children to nap during the day hours, it was normal for King Arthur "},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"Le voeu d'une demoiselle ecureuil","Author":"La livroxicomane","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5449137","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cette fanfic reprend le passage dunfilm d'animation « Merlin l'enchanteur » où unenpetite femelle écureuil « drague » Arthur, qui avaitnl'apparence d'un écureuil, et qui est triste quand elle réalisenqu'Arthur n'est pas ce qu'elle croyait. Mais au lieu de senmorfondre sur son amour perdu, elle décide de demander à Merlin denla transformer en humaine afin de pouvoir vivre avec lui pourntoujours. Le vœu d'unendemoiselle écureuil Je me souvins de ma rencontre avecnce jeune garçon changé en l'un de mes congénères par ce vieilnhomme qui habitait dans une petite maison perdue dans les bois. Décidée à tout faire pour resternauprès de « l'homme » de ma vie, je me rendis chez cenmagicien et lui exposai le motif de ma visite. « Je suis tombée amoureusende cet humain ! Je ne souhaite pas le quitter et te supplie denme permettre de vivre ma vie à ses cotés. » demandais-jenà Merlin, sûre de moi. « Très bien. Si c'est cenque tu désires, alors je ne vois pas de raisons de ne pas accéder ànta requête. » me répondit-il, en soupirant et en joignantnle geste à la parole. Une fois ma métamorphose achevée,nil me mena à un miroir : je ressemblais à une jeune fille auxncheveux d'un roux éclatant et aux grands yeux verts. Je me trouvais plutôt jolie,ncertaine de plaire à celui qui avait fait chavirer mon cœur. « Tu as sûrement unnnom ? » me demanda Merlin. « Oui et l'équivalentnhumain serait « genièvre ». Enfin je crois. » lui dis-je. « Je vais te rebaptisernGuenièvre. C'est un prénom rare qui te conviendrait mieux. » affirma-t-il. « Guenièvre ? C'estnparfait ! Merci » répondis-je, avec un grand sourire . Je m'apprêtais à quitter lanmaisonnette lorsqu'il m'interrompit. « Une minute, jeune fille !nTu ne vas quand même pas aller retrouver Arthur vêtue ainsi ? » me questionna-t-il. Je baissai les yeux sur ma tenue, nenremarquant rien de particulier. « Tourne-toi, je vais tencréer une robe digne d'une future reine. » acheva-t-il. Une fois habillée convenablement,nil me laissa m'en aller retrouver Arthur. Je courus hors de la forêt,ndemandant aux gens où je pourrais trouver mon âme sœur. « Arthur ? Vous vouleznparler de notre roi ? Il vit dans son château, qui n'est pasntrès loin d'ici. Venez, je vous y emmène. » me proposangentiment un cocher. Une fois devant les portes dunchâteau, le garde me laissa rentrer sans difficulté, à croire quenj'étais attendue. « Annoncez à sa majesténque la princesse Guenièvre lui demande audience ! » fit-il au majordome. « Qu'elle entre ! » retentit la voix de mon aimé. Je m'avançais dans l'immensensalle, un peu nerveuse. « Laissez-nous ! » ordonna Arthur. Son serviteur acquiesça et quittanla pièce sur-le-champ. « Je sais ce que vous aveznfait pour moi et je vous en serais éternellement reconnaissant pournvotre sacrifice. Merlin m'a tout expliqué. Je serais honoré denvous prendre pour reine » poursuivit-il. Ses mots me prouvèrent que j'avaisneu raison de faire ce que j'avais fait. Notre mariage eut lieu troisnsemaines plus tard et tout au long de notre vie commune, jamais je nenregrettais le jour où un jeune humain-écureuil maladroit bouleversanmon existence. FIN ","Summary":" Cette fanfic reprend le passage dunfilm d'animation « Merlin l'enchanteur » où unenpetite femelle é"},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"Pulleth","Author":"dyslexic-Carmie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6763249","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Arthur was in deep trouble. He had forgotten to bring Kay's sword to the tournament. And Kay was a big guy. If he sat on Arthur, that would be the last breath the poor Wart ever took. He kept that in mind as he and Archimedes, the talking owl, ran back to the hotel to get it. A sign outside the inn said \"Gone for the Tournament\", and the door was locked. In a burst of frustration, Wart attacked the wood with his fists, acquiring a few splinters in the process. \"Well, fine! You didn't have a good breakfast buffet, either! Your Lucky Charms taste like the friggin' plague!\" he exclaimed. \"Wart, that's not going to get the door open,\" said Archimedes. \"Shut up, bird, and let me take this out like a man!\" Arthur continued to yell at the hotel door, his voice cracking. \"And your muffins were a bit on the dry side! AND YOUR CHOCOLATE CAKE WAS A LIE!\" \"Wart, we need to calm down and find a rational way to acquire the sword,\" sighed Archimedes. Ever since Merlin left, Arthur had been acting weird. \"And who the hell plays a Justin Bieber song after EMINEM?\" Now the kid was just copying a rant he'd heard Merlin say once. \"Bieber Fever doesn't exist yet, Wart.\" This was one of the few bright spots of England's dark age. \"And you can't play two Miley Cyrus songs in a row! I don't care if one of them is Hannah Montana! They are the SAME PERSON!\" For someone who sucked at the alphabet, Wart was doing a remarkable job of remembering Merlin's words. Especially since the artists he had ranted about didn't even exist yet. Inside the hotel, the manger's wife was busy bleaching her mustache. The loud voices outside were making it extremely difficult to focus… \"And stop with the remakes of the classics! You can't top Bob Seger, people!\" The kid's voice was especially annoying now that it was beginning to change. \"Will you just SHUT UP?\" screamed the manger's wife from the second story window. \"Oh, goody! Someone's here to open the door!\" cried Archimedes, attempting to diffuse the tension. \"Go away or I'll set the dogs on you!\" It was kind of hard to take her seriously because she had a white streak across her upper lip. \"You mean you're not going to open the door?\" \"GO a-WAY!\" she repeated. The white stuff was beginning to drip, and Wart stifled a laugh. \"But we left a sword in-\" \"If you're not gone in TEN seconds I'm setting the dogs out on you!\" The problem with really, really angry people, thought Wart, is that they're often really, really funny looking. \"We need the sword-\" \"One.\" \"Uh, Wart… Dogs like to eat owls….\" \"Open the door, lady!\" \"Two.\" \"Wart, we need to go now…\" \"Open the door!\" \"Three.\" \"Wart, dogs are not very nice…\" Archimedes had a recurring nightmare of a large canine figure putting him on a bun. \"Open the door!\" \"Four.\" Archimedes needed to think fast, or he'd be on the menu with a side of pubescent boy. \"Just open the freaking door, lady!\" \"Five.\" Then Archimedes saw it, just a little distance away. The Sword in the Stone! It was going to save his feathery butt, and probably do some other important thing if the kid could get his hands on it. \"Gosh, lady, just get your butt down here and-\" \"Six.\" \"Wart! Look over there! A sword!\" \"But I want the sword that's INSIDE!\" It had taken Arthur forever to polish that thing, and Kay had issues when it came to cleanliness. \"Seven.\" \"Look, we aren't going to be able to get inside…\" \"Eight.\" \"Open this freaking door! I've got an owl and I'm not afraid to use him!\" \"Wart! Shut up! I don't even have a pellet ready yet!\" \"Nine.\" \"WART! We need to get that sword over there instead.\" \"But I want the one-\" \"GET THE FREAKING SWORD IN THE STONE OR I WILL CRAP ON YOUR STUPID LITTLE HEAD!\" \"Fine!\" Wart and Archimedes left before the lady could say ten. \"Dude, this sword is stuck in a block!\" \"Pull it out.\" \"That's what she said!\" Wart really needed to stop talking to Merlin. \"You are so immature! Pull the freaking sword out so we can go!\" \"Okay, okay…Hey! There's something written on it!\" Only the word \"King\" was visible; the rest was covered by moss. \"Dude, this sword doesn't belong to me. It belongs to a king. I can't pull this out; that's stealing from the king!\" \"Read the other words, stupid.\" Wart used part of his shirt to wipe off the rest of the sword. \"Who sa- sa- so pu- pu-\" Wart was having a hard time reading the words. In fact, he had never actually learned how to read. \"Ah, stop your mumbling! Let me read it, stupid!\" The owl cleared his throat. \"Who so Pulleth Out This Sword of this Stone and Anvil, is Rightwise King Born of England\". \"What does pulleth mean?\" \"It means pulls.\" \"Then why couldn't they just write pulls? I mean, it would take a lot less time to write 'pulls' instead of 'pulleth'.\" \"It's more proper.\" \"It's dumb.\" \"Just pull the sword out of the stone so we can go!\" Archimedes was getting impatient. If they didn't get back to the tournament soon, the pink cotton candy might sell out. As Wart put his hand on the sword, a beautiful ray of light shined upon him. \"What the-\" Wart took his hand off the sword and the light went away. He put his hand back on the sword and the light came back. He did this a few more times because it was kind of cool. \"Wart, stop playing around! We need to get this sword to Kay.\" As Wart pulled out the sword, exaggerated classical music began to play. Many voices were heard chanting, \"Hail! King Arthur!\" Arthur became the king of England, which was probably a stupid idea because he was twelve and illiterate. But that didn't matter; he could pull a sword from a stone, and that meant he had a pure heart or something. A/N While looking through fanfiction categories, I saw one for the Sword in the Stone. That was the movie my sister/editor, Nicole, and I watched a ton of times as kids. So that's why I wrote this. REVIEW. E/N ^^Is that a real abbreviation? ","Summary":" Arthur was in deep trouble. He had forgotten to bring Kay's sword to the tournament. And Kay was a "},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"Sir Lupine","Author":"Dr. Phoenix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11563546","Passage":"[Chapter 1] We kissed under the stars for the first time tonight. Now I am on my way to fulfilling my destiny. Now I will keep a vow I made long ago. I wasn't always what I have allowed myself to become, either as a villain or as a knight, but I was born to control my own fate. Many years ago, I was born to a large wolf pack. I remember happy days, playing with my brothers and sisters, chasing them around the woods or playing tug of war with large sticks or bones. When I got older, I learned to hunt, to help my pack bring down deer and wild boars. Like all healthy, unprovoked wolves left in their natural habitat, we were shy, avoiding people whenever possible. However, humans did not avoid us. For no reason I could imagine, we were savagely attacked by hunters. Perhaps another pack had hunted livestock, so our entire species was blamed. More of an overgrown pup than a true adult, I was the lone survivor. Here is a little known fact about my kind: Lone wolves often die of starvation. They can scavenge the kills of another pack…if they're sneaky enough not to get caught, and if the other pack leaves enough food for them. They can kill small animals, but such little snacks are hardly enough to satisfy a wolf's hunger. What do we do? Well, a smart lone wolf will try finding a mate, likely another loner, and the two will work together to bring down larger game, and they'll start their own pack. A fortunate lone wolf may eventually be accepted into an existing pack, most likely becoming the new omega. A lone wolf who is either exceptionally brave or exceedingly foolish might challenge an alpha, taking over the pack if he wins. If none of these options work out, starvation is a very real possibility. Try as I might, I couldn't find another wolf pack. At first it was easy enough catching rabbits, but I began to get desperate. My ravenous appetite caused me to become fearless, even hunting humans, not that I was ever successful. I became scrawnier and weaker by the day. However, fortune is fickle and can change at any given moment. When least expected, my luck finally turned for the better. One day when I was hunting, I saw a pink deer. The creature seemed unaware of my approach. I gradually crept closer, but just as I was ready to pounce, there was a peal of crazed laughter. \"You'd do anything for a meal, wouldn't you?!\" I knew that voice. It was Madam Mim, the woodland witch. \"If you became a human, you could ruin King Arthur's life, just like humans ruined your life!\" I had never thought of it that way. In fact, I had never thought about becoming a human at all. My only thoughts involved my next meal. \"You'd have plenty to eat if you lived in the castle!\" \"What's the catch?\" I asked. \"Like I said, you have to ruin King Arthur's life!\" Mim replied. \"Don't be surprised. I speak Lupine.\" She laughed again. \"Do you promise?\" I frowned. \"Let me see if I understand you correctly. You want to make me a human so I'll have more food, and in return, I'm supposed to ruin the king's life? How?\" She cackled. \"That's your problem! Oh, there's a little something I forgot to mention! If you fail, then when you get to be an old man, too helpless to fight against me, I'll turn myself into a wolf and hunt you, just as you have hunted humans! I'll either have revenge on Wart or revenge on you! I'm just mad about games, especially vengeance!\" After thinking it over, I agreed to her bargain. Like I said, I would have done anything just for a decent meal. \"Now, let me think.\" Mim rubbed her chin, obviously deep in thought. \"There must be something in the more immediate future we can do to Arthur!\" After a while, she grinned. \"I know! Instead of just letting you get a job in the castle as one of his servants, we'll have you change places with one of his knights! Just imagine a Knight of the Round Table running after little forest creatures for his supper! Meanwhile, a wolf is clad in shining armor!\" This led to another peal of laughter. \"Well, are you coming?\" I followed her to her hut, where she began mixing something in her cauldron while reciting magic words as she waited for the potion to come to a full boil: \" Bubble, bubble, little pot! Make this wolf Sir Lancelot! Bubble, little pot of mine! Make Sir Lancelot lupine!\" She threw in something that smelled awful, and the whole room filled with smoke. Blinded by the thick cloud, I began trying to find the door before I suffocated. \"Sir Lancelot!\" This voice was kinder, sweeter, with far more gentility. Through the thick haze, I could almost see a face. As I stepped forward, the smoke cleared, and I realized I was standing outside a stable. The most beautiful woman in the world stood beside me. Wait. I had never found humans to be beautiful creatures. Why was I so pleased now? How had I grown so tall, and what had happened to my two front legs? Of course! I was a human now. Madam Mim's magic had worked! That meant that somewhere in the forest was a wolf who had been a human being until this very moment. How startled he must have been! \"Are you injured, Sir Lancelot?\" The lovely woman smiled at me, and my heart melted. \"You were so brave to save Arthur's horses when the stable caught fire!\" What would a knight say? I had to think fast. Blast that Madam Mim! She might have at least given me a rough idea of this Sir Lancelot fellow's basic personality so I would know how to respond! Come to think of it, she ought to have told me the names of Sir Lancelot's acquaintances as well! Who was this woman? Well, never mind that now. From what I had heard humans say, knights were supposed to be loyal to their kings. In fact, they were supposed to be willing to risk their lives for their king's service. Right? Oh yes. They were also supposed to be mannerly. What did humans do to show good manners? \"Fair lady,\" I responded, \"I am honored to have been able to serve my king by preserving his horses.\" \"You seem unwell,\" she replied. \"Most gracious lady, what is illness or injury to a valiant knight? Is he ever too unwell to fight for the glory of his king?\" She took my hand, causing me to shiver. \"Come. Let us tell Arthur of your heroism. He so loves his horses!\" When we entered the castle, another knight bowed. \"Good day, Your Majesty.\" The woman smiled kindly. \"And a good day to you as well, Sir Gawain.\" I noted to myself for future reference that this knight went by the name Sir Gawain. I had also observed the way he had bowed to her. This seemed to be a way humans showed respect to their superiors, and this woman must be none other than Queen Guinevere herself. Perhaps it wasn't entirely hopeless. I could learn how to survive in this human world, how to fill my role as one of the Knights of the Round Table. In no time at all, I adjusted to my new life, loving every moment. There were times when I wasn't sure if I had ever been a wolf at all or if it had simply been a horrible nightmare. However, every once in a great while, I would remember Mim's warning for if I failed to ruin King Arthur's life, but how could I do such a thing when he had everything he could ever want? This is going to be easier than I thought. What man would not be charmed by the beauteous grace of Queen Guinevere? When I noticed that she also seemed to be growing fond of me, I began speaking words of love whenever I dared as we met in secret in the castle gardens. Tonight we shared our first kiss. ","Summary":" We kissed under the stars for the first time tonight. Now I am on my way to fulfilling my destiny. "},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"What if Arthur stayed with the Female Squirrel","Author":"Mephileshomer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8904302","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What If Arthur stayed with the female squirrel? \"Wart, oh no boy, NO! NO!\" cried the shocked blue squirrel as he notice Wart, now an orange squirrel leap to a branch that was beyond him. However Wart or Arthur as he was called managed to make the leap but at that moment the branch broke with Arthur having to catch another branch on the fall down immediately Wart cried out \"WoahwaitWoah!\" as he landed. Merlin on the other hand was not amused by the sight of Arthur holding on \"Didn't i tell you always look before you leap!\" he said sternly to the orange squirrel. \"Well I made it didn't I\" replied the slightly winded Wart, Merlin still not amused answered \"Yes you made it but you can't always trust in luck boy.\" Immediately Merlin started to make his jump \"Now first you start with the short jumps...engage the distance carefully and WOAH\" as he managed to make the jump but was left clinging on as well. Arthur immediately came to the rescue of the slightly panting blue furred squirrel, grabbing hold of his student's hand Merlin mentioned \"Now don't take gravity too seriously or it will let you down!\" Arthur replied \"What's gravity?\" Merlin mentally face palmed himself and replied \"Gravity is what causes you to fall!\" Arthur, still questioning said \"oh you mean like a stumble or a trip\" as he was looking towards the ground. \"Yes it's like a stumble or a ...\" Merlin stopped and questioned himself and continued \"No no no its the force that pulls you downwards now if two particles or bodies, if free to move will accelerate towards each other!\" As Merlin spoke Arthur had scrambled away from Merlin but to his shock a red squirrel appeared as if by magic in front of him and as well as this to his horror it was a girl squirrel as well! The squirrel chirped and squeaked at Arthur, while he regained his movement from the shock as he tried to walk around her she did too, and then he tried to go around the other side of her to which she noticed and mimicked his movements. Immediately Arthur was captivated by the red squirrel as he knew that she was especially very, very cute! \"Erm Merlin how will we get by\" as he noticed the appearance of his teacher from directly behind him. Merlin was shocked just as his student was and suggested the other way... going back. Arthur however had started to turn back until somebody yanked on his tail, believing that it was Merlin he turned around to him but instead it was the red squirrel she chirped at him and squeaked at him again leading for the young boy or squirrel to blush. Noticing this, the red squirrel came closer to him. Merlin came back and saw the two squirrels with their bodies touching so he decided to leave the two alone for a while to see where it was going. Soon afterwards the girl squirrel started to nuzzle into Arthur happily, he didn't notice as he was snuggling into her warm body. Soon afterwards the squirrel took Wart towards an oak tree that had leaves as a bed made already by a squirrel \"So I take this is your home huh?\" she nodded vigorously and dragged the boy inside physically while barricading the door with wood she bought in earlier. When Arthur turned round the girl squirrel rugby tackled him to the ground and started snuggling into his chest. When the poor Wart needed to breathe out she let him but that was only after he had tapped her shoulder rapidly, when he got his breath back the girl squirrel began snuggling into his chest again but only this time kissing him on the lips as well \"WOAH\" Arthur thought as she kissed him again but only this time he returned it. Soon afterwards Arthur and the young female squirrel fell asleep together but only for 40 minutes as Merlin had discovered the two and was shocked by the actions of the boy sleeping with a girl \"By my beard\" he shouted and as if by magic Arthur immediately woke up with the girl squirrel waking up 2 seconds afterwards. \"WART DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT YOU WERE DOING YOU CRAZY SQUI... I MEAN BOY!\" He practically yelled at the young man, Arthur was shocked by this and the girl squirrel was amazed at how blue furred squirrel had found them so easily \"sigh come along boy there is so much to do\" Merlin said to the young man or squirrel who turned back and forth deciding to choose between Squirrel mating and human life 3 seconds later he had chosen but awoke to the sound of Merlin's voice. \"Are you coming or not\" Merlin sternly spoke Arthur noticed a saddened look on the red squirrels face showing she was about to cry. In the end Merlin was met with a very loud \"NO!\" amazingly coming from Wart. Merlin shocked at this asked why \"Because Merlin I have found love finally! Tell bushy moustache Ector and that mindless moron Kay that I died and went to heaven!\" \"That's ok Wart, you see I wasn't going to go back to the castle without so shall I turn you into a squirrel forever?\" Arthur, brave as he was answered \"Yes\" to his future mate's delight while she snuggled into him and even kissing his cheek. \"Very well then Wart... Snicker smacker Alakowozza \"Merlin had transformed back to human form and immediately fell out of the tree landing with a shout of \"For the love of Aristotle!\" Arthur felt no difference but said thanks and turned to face his mate to discover that she was waiting for him to kiss her and so he willingly obliged. She then led Arthur back to the tree where they mated with one another and produced a son and a daughter, Merlin and Gwen. So Merlin walked back into the forest alone, as a human smiling that Arthur had found true love and Arthur has got to be with his true Love. The End My first Fan fiction completed for the whole day YAY! Huh... what's that... ok I understand... It appears that a certain wolf wants a word with me... guess it is about Arthur not being his main course to which I say \"GO GNAW ON A BONE!\" ","Summary":" What If Arthur stayed with the female squirrel? \"Wart, oh no boy, NO! NO!\" cried the shocked blue"},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"Hazel","Author":"Universe15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11798186","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nota de autor: esta es mi primera historia de la espada en la piedra y los personajes no me pertenecen La escena comienza con una ardilla hembra en un árbol que está llorando. Se había enamorado de una ardilla que resulto que era un humano que fue transformado en ardilla por un mago, ella lo amaba pero no podía estar con un humano. -Porque tenía que resultar ser un humano, ya no podre estar con él-dijo la ardilla en su idioma-a menos que-pensó la ardilla entonces se le ocurrió algo, podría pedirle ayuda al que lo convirtió en humano-si voy a pedirle ayuda a él para que pueda estar con mi pareja que elegí pero ¿Cómo se llamaba?-pensó entonces se acordó-si se llamaba Merlín entonces voy a tener que ir a buscarlo-dijo ella se bajo del árbol y se dirigió a buscarlo. Cerca del castillo más tarde La ardilla acababa de llegar, ella había escuchado que Arturo que es como ella se entero que se llamaba el se había convertido en rey unos pocos días atrás y estaba en el castillo y lo vio en el jardín junto a Merlín estaban hablando y luego Arturo se fue hacia el castillo y ahí ella corrió hacia Merlín. -Valla no estaba seguro de cuando aparecerías-dijo Merlín en el idioma de las ardillas. -Sabias que venía Merlín-dijo la pequeña ardilla en su idioma sorprendida. -Si sabía que vendrías desde que te vi persiguiendo a Arturo, pero no me entere para que, asi que dime ¿para qué viniste?-pregunto Merlín. -Me enamore de Arturo, por favor permíteme estar a su lado, por favor Merlín-exclamo la ardilla. -Veo que sus intenciones son buenas, pero no sé si pueda-dijo Merlín. Entonces la ardilla sintió que su corazón se rompía. -Merlín porque no buscas o intentas recordar un hechizo que haga el trabajo-hablo Arquímedes. -Silencio Arquímedes estoy pensando-dijo Merlín antes de recitar un hechizo. Minutos más tarde dentro del castillo Arturo estaba caminando hasta que de repente sintió que alguien lo derrumbo y lo sujetaba. Entonces usando lo que enseño cambio las posiciones siendo el ahora el que sujetaba a la persona, entonces se dio cuenta de que era una chica de su edad, con el cabello rojizo y largo, ojos verdes y llevaba un vestido verde bosque, por alguna razón le parecía familiar, tiempo después ambos estaban sentados y ella lo estaba abrazando, a el por alguna razón eso le recordaba a cuando se encontró con esa ardilla hembra, entonces recordó lo que le había dicho Merlín. Cuando una ardilla elige a un compañero es para toda la vida. Entonces empezó a pensar en quien podría ser esa chica. -Cómo te llamas-dijo Arturo. -No tengo un nombre humano-dijo la chica -Como te gustaría ser llamada-dijo Arturo. -Amada-dijo ella. -Como nombre-indicó Arturo. -Hazel-expresó ella. -¿Por qué?-Pregunto Arturo. -Porque es lindo, y una ves escuche a un humano llamar a una humana asi-dijo Hazel. -bueno Hazel-dijo Arturo Luego se fueron y luego de un mes se casaron y vivieron felices para siempre. Nota de autor : que les parecio dejen comentarios porfavor digan si hago una secuela ","Summary":" Nota de autor: esta es mi primera historia de la espada en la piedra y los personajes no me pertene"},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"Discomboomeration","Author":"Christopher Scott","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6374258","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Discomboomeration Truth be told, I own nothing. This will be a series of seven minishots. Written for Firefly Conlon, as a promise I had made. Day1 When they got to the castle, Mary ran around until she climbed a tree in the middle of the courtyard. Well, she tried to. She couldn't cling to the tree the way she used to as a squirrel, so she just kept slipping. Arthur found the sight endearing, and couldn't help but smile as he watched her try and try again. She just looked so… cute. Around dinnertime, he had to convince her to go inside. At the table, he had to feed her, as she wouldn't let go. To be honest, he didn't want her to. For some reason, he found it enjoyable. Day2 The day after she was transformed, Mary was following Arthur around the castle. Actually, chasing Arthur down would probably be a more accurate statement. It all started when she tried to flirt with him… \"Yah!\" she yelled as she pounced on him, causing them both of them to tumble. When he got back up, Arthur ran, screaming as though terrified. Mary began to chase him, wondering why humans had such an odd courtship ritual. Eventually, she had him cornered. She ran up to him and hugged him, saying, \"You know that I always catch you. Why run?\" She then scampered off, leaving a stammering Arthur alone in his study. Day 3 He was finding it harder to keep her off his mind. He was very confused by this, and kept getting distracted in his lessons. Inwardly, he didn't mind, even if he didn't know why. Day 4 Merlin looked on from his tower study as Mary chased Arthur around the courtyard. \"Some things never change,\" Archimedes said from his perch beside him. \"Oh?\" Merlin replied, \"Why don't you look again, Archimedes?\" The owl looked out the window, and saw Arthur turn around and hold his arms out. Mary ran into his waiting arms, and yelped in surprise. Then, they were both hugging. Around dinnertime, they walked to the hall, hand in hand. Day 5 Mary found herself glaring. Girls had come to take Arthur from her. So, there she sat, it their tree in the courtyard, dropping acorns on the heads of girls foolish enough to try to take Arthur from her. Later in the day, when the vultures, as she dubbed those girls, had left, he joined her in their tree and clasped her hand in his. Together they sat, watching the beautiful sunset. Day 6 Arthur thought to himself that Merlin seemed to always be right. Love truly was the most befuddling thing. He had realized that he loved Mary, but, he wasn't sure how to broach the subject with her. He knew that she liked him, but he wasn't sure what to do. 'Oh well,' he thought as she pounced on him, 'she obviously knows already.' Day 7 It had now been seven days since she had been transformed, and two days since Merlin had explained the concept of marriage to her. By now, she was getting impatient. It had already been seven days, and he still had yet to propose. Suddenly, she had and idea. She'd drop a subtle hint. She hurried off to see him. Mary walked up to him in his study, smiling sweetly. \"Hi, Mary!\" he said cheerfully, not knowing that she wasn't here for idle chit-chat. Just then, she pounced on him, pinning him to the ground, and shouted, \"PROPOSE TO ME, NOW!\" \"Okay,\" Arthur replied, mildly confused, \"Mary, will you marry me?\" \"This is all so sudden,\" Mary said, \"But YES! Yes, I'll marry you!\" They got married the next day, and lived happily ever after. But, you already knew that. The End ","Summary":" Discomboomeration Truth be told, I own nothing. This will be a series of seven minishots. Written f"},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"When A Girl Squirel Chooses a Mate","Author":"Christopher Scott","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6237539","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When A Girl Squirrel Chooses A Mate I own nothing but my story and the animal thought pattern I made up. Her way of looking at things is based mostly on senses than words, so just try to figure out who is who by their description. I hope it's obvious. Brown-eyes-red-fur was still sulking in the woods. Golden-fur-squirrel-not-squirrel-human was gone. He had been turned back into a human by Old-magical-man-in-blue-fur-not-fur. She missed him and began to wish that she was a not-squirrel, a human. Human language amused her, as it didn't describe anything fully. Suddenly, she had a great idea. What if old-magical…? What was it golden-fur-squirrel-not-squirrel called him? Marvin, no, that's not right. Merlin! That was his human calling! Why didn't she think of asking him sooner? He could turn her into a not-squirrel, and she could be with Golden-fur-squirrel-not-squirrel. Thrilled at this idea, she scampered through the forest to find him. In the meanwhile, Merlin had just finished tutoring the newly crowned King Arthur in more lessons of how to engage his mind in a dangerous situation, while in the forest. Arthur walked off in the other direction just before a girl squirrel scampered into the area. \"I was wondering when you were going to show up,\" he told her in squirrel speak. \"You knew that I was coming ol… Merlin?\" she asked him incredulously. \"Yes, I knew that you were coming, I saw you coming in the future when you were chasing Arthur. What I didn't find out was why you were coming. So, why are you here?\" \"I want to be a not-squirrel so I can be with Golden-fur-squirrel-not-squirrel. With Arthur,\" she said, using the name that Merlin called him. \"I see,\" Merlin said, thinking carefully, but not wanting to say more yet. \"Can you help me get Gol…? Arthur?\" \"I'm not sure if I can,\" he admitted. Her heart seemed to break when suddenly, Night-bird-acts-like-not-squirrel-not-bird said, \"Merlin, why don't you just try to come up with a spell that will do the trick. It will probably turn out a lot better than your flying machine.\" \"Quiet Archimedes, I am thinking. Aha! I came up with words that might work.\" She perked up to hear what he had to say. \"Let's see now,\" he said. O-|-|-O Arthur was walking through the forest when he was suddenly attacked. It was a very weird attack to him. The hood on his riding cloak was tossed up and he was shoved down to the ground. It reminded him of a certain squirrel for some reason. Suddenly, he was aware of a weight on him, pinning him down by his shoulders. Using Merlin's lessons from earlier, he reversed the positions, causing his attacker to be the one who was pinned. He looked at his assailant and was surprised. It was a girl, his age with red hair. She was wearing a forest green gown and was smiling at him for some reason. He looked into her deep brown eyes to see if he could figure out her intentions. Something about her seemed familiar. Unfortunately, that gave her enough time to turn the tables back in her favor. This time, however they were both sitting up. Arthur was surprised by her means of capture. She was hugging him and burying her face into his chest. Once more, his mind returned to the girl squirrel from his time as a squirrel. Then, he remembered what Merlin had told him when he first met the squirrel. When a girl squirrel chooses a mate, it's for life. He finally pieced together who the girl was. She looked at him as he pieced it together. He began to hug her back. \"What's your name?\" he asked her. \"I don't have a human call.\" He pondered this for a while, until he said, \"What would you like being called?\" \"Beloved.\" \"I mean as a name.\" \"Mary.\" \"Why?\" \"It's pretty.\" \"Okay, Mary.\" After a couple days of Mary getting used to human culture, they got married and lived happily ever after. Mary smiled to herself. She had succeeded. She got to be with her chosen mate. The End ","Summary":" When A Girl Squirrel Chooses A Mate I own nothing but my story and the animal thought pattern I mad"},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"Where Angels Fear to Go","Author":"Elle-Vee16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7924643","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well hey, guys~! 8D Been a while since I've posted anything, so here's a little treat for ya. It's not one of my \"normal\" things, but hey, who really likes normal anyway? I noticed that the \"Sword in the Stone\" fandom is seriously lacking fanfictions, which is a shame, because that is a quality Disney film. So, I've been sitting on this one for a while, and finally decided to actually write it. It calls for a bit of inference towards the end, which shouldn't be too hard if you're familiar with Arthurian Legends. Enjoy! The forest near Camelot was quiet. Of course, it was always generally peaceful, but today it was especially. Not even the birds were doing much chirping. And on a rather large branch in a tall oak tree, a sad-looking little red Squirrel was laying stretched out, staring forlornly at the huge castle in the distance. It was all she had been doing for ages. Every day, she'd wait there, hoping to see that sandy-haired boy again, wondering if he'd turn back into the same thing she was. She'd tried in vain several times to do the same trick he had - how on earth had he been able to go from squirrel to boy in such a way? Why couldn't she become a human too? Then, perhaps, they could be together. Some of the other animals nearby had tried to explain it to her, but it didn't offer her any sort of comfort. She at least wanted to see him again. And maybe he could apologise for hurting her feelings in such a way after she had gone through all that trouble to save his life from the wolf who had been very keen on eating him. The Squirrel sighed. It wasn't going to happen. She might as well face the fact, find another mate, collect acorns, all the other nonsense that went along with being what she was. But she didn't want to. There was nothing else in the world that she wouldn't rather do than continue to be an animal. But there was nothing she could do about it. Somewhere above, the Squirrel vaguely registered the sound of an owl hooting above her. An odd thing to hear; owls slept during the day. The only time she'd really seen one out in the daytime was - yes! Suddenly alert, the Squirrel sprang up and lept to the tree trunk, scurrying upward to the topmost branches. Her tiny claws dug into the wood of a thin twig of a branch, swaying ever so gently in the breeze. It was an owl, but not a normal one. He lived in the home of the strange bearded man who had been with the boy she'd fallen so desperately in love with. The Squirrel made a loud chattering sound, emitting little squeaks and flicking her bushy red tail wildly in the hopes that the owl would see her. He did. The owl - Archimedes, she knew he was called - spotted her below, and flew around the tree in a large circle before settling on one of the lower, sturdier branches. Scrambling to get to him, the Squirrel jumped from branch to branch, nearly overshooting the one where Archimedes sat watching her. Her lower half dangled from the side, but she managed to pull herself up by latching onto the tree bark. She couldn't speak to the owl, and goodness knew she was at a complete loss as to how the owl could speak in the first place. \"What is it that you want, then?\" Archimedes asked her, his voice only just betraying his thinly-veiled impatience. The Squirrel didn't know how to respond, so she went about the normal way, chattering madly and doing her best to mime out what she wanted to say. Archimedes seemed to understand. \"You ought not to be so strung up on the young king,\" he said. \"He's far too busy to tend to the affairs of a woodland creature such as yourself.\" Slightly affronted, the Squirrel made a squeak of protest and went on about how the boy owed her - she had saved his life, after all. Somewhere in her mindless, incessant rant, she must have slipped out that she wished she were able to turn from a squirrel to a human girl, because Archimedes stared at her for a few moments before cutting her off. \"By the might of Viviane, girl, do stop with that insufferable prattle. You can't become human.\" The Squirrel protested again. \"What do you mean, 'why not'? It takes magic to do that sort of transformation, and you haven't got any magic. Merlin is away-on holiday in Jamaica - but he's got better things to do with his time than bother with a lovesick squirrel. You'd do best to just move on.\" The owl was, clearly, done with the one-sided conversation, and he turned away from her. He spread his wings, giving two quick flaps, and then he was off, gliding on the wind and away from the Squirrel. Hopelessly, the Squirrel slumped against the tree-trunk. Magic? Where on earth would she acquire something as wonderous as that? The very idea was nearly impossible for her tiny mind to grasp. If it was the only way, though, she had to come up with some way to find it. It was a rare thing, she knew, to find people in Camelot who were capable of sorcery. There was Merlin, of course, but he was gone. However... the Squirrel shrunk a bit. The very notion was preposterous. It was too risky. She couldn't do it; to do so would be insane. There was always Madam Mim. The Squirrel shook her head wildly, as if by doing so she could force such ideas from her mind. Madam Mim was a cunning, wicked, downright nasty old witch. Surely going to her wouldn't help the Squirrel one bit. Then again... then again, what else was the Squirrel to do? She didn't know when Merlin would return, and even then, Archimedes probably wouldn't tell the wizard of her strife. Mim was her only choice. The Squirrel couldn't bear to go on, not without at least seeing the boy she loved one more time - and if she could only be human when she saw him! Her mind was made up. The Squirrel flicked her tail nervously, then slowly descended the branches to the base of the tree. Crawling over and under gnarled tree roots, tiny hands pressing into the mossy, soft forest floor, she slunk away from her home in the branches, almost as if she were being watched by someone. Once she was a decent distance away, she sprang forward, leaping through the woods in the direction of the witch's house. THUD. A shout of indignation. THUD. And another. CRASH. \"Confound this thing!\" A vase flew through the air, crashing into an old dartboard mounted on the wall. Shards of broken glass rained down, adding to the general mess of the dingy cottage. Madam Mim sat with her feet up, tilting back in her rickety kitchen chair, her fist holding onto a few darts. The dartboard fell off it's place on the wall, clattering on the floor. With a snap of her fingers, the vase was repaired, as was the window that had broken upon being hit by a stray dart. Mim was bored, dreadfully so, and boredom really didn't suit her. Merlin wasn't around to bother, and lately she had been thinking of evil plans to destroy the kingdom a short distance away. Camelot. It made her sick to think about that scrawny, kind-hearted bird-brain of a boy she'd tried to destroy, sitting on a throne with a crown on his head, and all because of Merlin. If he hadn't of made her sick with that Maligolinto-whatever, she'd be the most powerful being in all the land, and Merlin would be dead! And oh, what a lovely time that would be. She had, of course, thought of a few good ways to bring about the downfall of Camelot. She could change into a dragon and set fire to the castle. She could snap her fingers and bring a plague. She could become a giant and smash the whole kingdom! But these were all such dull plans. She wanted to do something impressive. Mim wanted to destroy Camelot in a way that would be talked about for centuries! Deciding that the vase was better broken, Mim pointed at the thing and allowed it to drop to the floor, shattering beside the dartboard. She was about to see if she could content herself with a deck of cards and a game with herself (that would, of course, involve cheating), when a sudden scratching at the door caught her attention. It was annoying, and Mim wasn't sure whether she loved it or wanted it to cease. Then, the high-pitched squeaks of distress started. Mim was delighted to hear this, but nonetheless couldn't help wondering what exactly it was. Marching over to the door, giving a little hop-step every few feet, she flung it open and looked out. \"What, what, who are you, what do you want?\" She called out irritably. \"Merlin? Is that you? Come back for another duel, have you, well this time I'll - \" Her eyes strayed to the ground, and she broke off. It was a squirrel. A tiny, red, pretty female squirrel, looking considerably distressed. Mim's face broke out into a huge smile. \"Well, come in, my dear!\" She cried, her voice welcoming and all-too-sweet. The squirrel tentatively entered the house. Scooping up the little creature into her hands, Mim brought her over to the table and sat her down. Squirrel soup seemed like a lovely thing to have for dinner. \"What can I do for you?\" \"Well there was this squirrel a few months ago and he was so sweet and I saved him from a wolf and I chose him for a mate but he told me to go away and then he turned into a boy and I - \" began the Squirrel, squeaking out every other word. \"Slow down there, girl, I can hardly understand you,\" Mim said, leaning down closer. It'd been a while since she'd spoken to an animal, and the language was tough to pick up on. \"You understand me?\" the Squirrel asked, giving her a puzzled look. \"Of course! Any respectable witch can speak Squirrel!\" The witch cackled. \"Oh... well, I suppose that's a good thing.\" The Squirrel started from the beginning. \"I don't know what it was-but I found him wonderful. Everything I was looking for in a mate. But he's gone and he's been gone ever since, and today I heard that he's the new king - \" \"Arthur?\" Mim cut her off again. \"You're in love with King Arthur? \" The Squirrel nodded. \"That is too perfect!\" Mim cried, letting out a loud, hooting laugh. She leaned back, shrieking with mirth, tugging at her wild purple hair. \"And what would you like old Madam Mim to do about it, hmm?\" Suddenly embarrassed, the Squirrel, tugged at her tail, twisting it nervously. \"Well, I... I was wondering, maybe, since you're so good at magic - \" \"Good at magic? My dear, my darling, I'm the best there is!\" \"Exactly, and that's why... that's why I was wondering if you could make me human?\" Leaning forward, Mim scrutinised the Squirrel out of one bright-green eye. \"Ask nastily or I shan't.\" The Squirrel paused, giving Mim an odd look. Taking in a deep breath, she put on a very stubborn face. \"Make me human, now! \" She demanded. Mim laughed again, clapping her hands. She looked positively gleeful and completely mad. \"But of course, my dear, of course I shall!\" Oh, this was all so perfectly bad. She had it! The most awful idea to bring about the downfall of Camelot. It was so wonderfully wicked and brilliantly beastly that Mim was surprised she hadn't thought of it before. Arthur was a good person, with a gentle heart and a kind soul. And what better way to destroy such a person than with the very tools that graced them? Mim was going to wound Arthur with his own emotions. \"Just sit tight, dearie, and let me whip something up for you!\" With a quick, excited spin, Mim went to work in her kitchen, poking around in cupboards and pulling out beakers and vials of all sorts of strange liquids and boxes of queer items. Mim had always wanted to work with potions, but it wasn't something she often had the patience to do. This, however, was a Special Circumstance. Grinning maniacally, she tossed several things into a large cauldron and lit a fire underneath it with a snap of her fingers. \"Alright - we've got to make you a girl fit for a king!\" Mim poured a pink, shimmery potion into the mix. \"Beauty, of course, is a given; we've got to make you irresistibly lovely!\" A bit of white powder was thrown in that gave off a puff of smoke. \"Brains, as well, to go with it! And here, here, we'll add in a touch of good humour and bravery and wit and - \" Here, Madam Mim looked suggestively at the young Squirrel and waggled her eyebrows. \"Desire.\" Humming merrily, Madam Mim looked in one of her drawers for the last few ingredients. One of them was a dark, shining red syrup, contained in a bottle labeled with a large, black number 7. The other was a vial of white, almost silvery potion that had been previously untouched. Snatching up the red bottle of syrup and gingerly taking the vial - as if it were something dangerous and disgusting - Mim returned to the cauldron, the contents of which were bubbling away. Mim held up the vial and dried to keep the contempt from her voice. \"Essence of Kindness,\" she said by way of explanation. \"We've got to have him like your personality, after all.\" She dumped it into the cauldron. \"And now... this last little thing. I won't tell you what it is, but don't worry! It'll really tie it all together.\" Mim unstoppered the bottle, slowly pouring the thick red syrup, reminiscent of blood, into the potion - Lust. Hissing sounds emitted from the cauldron, and thick, red smoke came wafting upwards. Stirring seven times clockwise, and thirteen times counter clockwise, Mim dipped a small bowl fit for a squirrel into the potion. Setting it down in front of the animal, Mim plopped down in her chair and watched eagerly. \"Drink up now, dear, drink up!\" She gestured for the Squirrel to go ahead. The Squirrel gave Mim a grateful smile - Mim felt vaguely ill at the look of her - and leaned down, lapping up the potion. She drank the whole bowl, licking the remainder, not wanting to forget a single drop. The Squirrel froze in place, waiting for something to happen. And at first, nothing did. At first. Several moments passed, and then the Squirrel gave what seemed to be a gasp, and she shuddered. And then, oh, she was growing! And that wasn't the only thing, for as Mim watched the Squirrel looked at herself, the rest of her was changing as well. Her fur shrunk back into her skin, which went from pink to a soft, pretty, lily-white shade. Her arms grew longer, as did her legs, and Mim saw her squeeze her eyes shut in pain as her spine straightened and her tail dwindled away, as if going back inside her body, until there was nothing there. Mim watched her hands as they expanded, her miniscule digits lengthening into graceful, slender fingers with narrow, pretty nails. The Squirrel reached up and felt her face, where she would a small mouth and a human nose. Her hands moved to the top of her head, where long, auburn tresses fell around her shoulders. Then, it all stopped at once. The Girl fell to the ground in a heap, breathing heavily. Madam Mim cackled again, rocking back in her chair, before hopping up to pull the Girl to her feet. \"Excellent, excellent! Look at you!\" Mim yanked her along over to a mirror, setting her in front of it. \"I think this will work, don't you?\" The Girl stared at herself in what could have only been shock. Her elegant hands went first to her face, perfectly heart-shaped with large brown eyes, fine, arched eyebrows, a gentle, upturned nose, and a pink, angelic mouth. Then, it went to her hair, thick and copper-coloured, falling neatly to her lower back. Her hands traveled over her collarbone, down to her bare breasts and milk-white stomach, finally resting at her sides, fingertips pressed against her thighs. The Girl turned and stared at Madam Mim, eyes shining. \" Thank you, \" She said graciously. \"I'm so grateful - thank you. \" Mim took a step back, shaking her head. \"Don't thank me. I hate it when people give thanks! Such a nice thing to do; I despise it!\" Madam Mim snapped her fingers, and then the Girl was clad in a long, forest-green dress, a gold circlet adorning her head. \"Now go, find the king, and do what you will with him!\" The Girl nodded, grinning, and headed for the door. As she reached for the handle, Mim realised something of importance. \"Wait, wait!\" She called, beckoning the Girl back over. \"What're you called?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean,\" said Mim impatiently, \"What's your moniker? Do squirrels not name their offspring?\" The Girl shook her head. Well, Mim was glad she had thought of this. The plan wouldn't work very well if the stupid child went off introducing herself to Arthur as \"Squirrel\". A name... one came to mind. It was a name to fit the Girl's face. It meant \"Fair\". \"Come here, my child,\" Mim said, beckoning her forward. Pulling the Girl down to her, Mim reached her head up, and whispered the girl her name. Of all the things Merlin had taught Arthur, How To Run A Kingdom was not on that list. There were so many fights, other countries trying to invade, people to tend to, treaties to sign. It made Arthur's head spin. Most of the time, he didn't even want to be called Arthur. He would have been perfectly content to remain Kay's squire and be called \"Wart\" for the rest of his days. Worst of all, though, was the fact that his mentor was so seldom around. Archimedes stopped by every so often, to keep him updated, but that was it. Besides, Arthur couldn't be seen talking to an owl; his subjects would think him deranged. Finally, after a day of listening to his advisors tell him what he should do and how he should proceed with talking to the king of France, he decided he'd had enough. The woods had always been reasonably comforting to Arthur, and even now, that hadn't changed. He walked with his hands behind his back, watching the ground in front of him. The woods were quiet, he noticed. Usually there was something going on, but this evening, it was absolutely silent save for the sound of the leaves and twigs crunching beneath his feet as he walked. Finding a good tree to sit in, Arthur bent his knees in preparation before jumping and grabbing hold of the nearest branch. Pulling himself up, he climbed a bit higher, coming to rest between two thick branches where the trunk sort of split. Dangling one leg over the side, he rested his head against the tree and stared up at the leaves. \"Merlin,\" He called out to the empty air. \"What am I supposed to do?\" No one and nothing answered, but Arthur didn't expect any less. Closing his eyes, he tried to forget who he was, and imagined that he was hiding from Sir Ector and Kay when he had some other, simple responsibility to get done. Like washing dishes. Yes, that seemed like a wonderful, blessed thing to do. Washing dishes... He heard a crack echo beneath him, and started. Someone was there. Arthur sat forward, looking down. It was a girl. She wore a flowing, dark green dress and had a gold circlet going around her head. A heavy black cloak with gold embroidering rested on her shoulders. She looked as if she had been running from something, or to something else, and stopped by Arthur's tree as if she had no where else to go. Arthur watched curiously, in silence, waiting to see what she would do. The Girl fell to her knees, hand resting on the tree as if to help her keep her balance. \"Oh, help me, \" she lamented, and Arthur's brows hitched up in concern. \"I don't even know what I'm doing here!\" Wishing to help the Girl, Arthur slid off his branch onto a lower one, dropping down beside her. \"Are you alright?\" He asked. The Girl looked up at him in alarm before scurrying away from him. Arthur couldn't help but stare. Even when gazing at him with shock and something like awe, the Girl was beautiful. Radiant, even. He was enticed by her, which was odd, for he had seen many pretty girls in his life. But none of them were like this. He didn't know whether it was her hair, gloriously tinged with deep red and rich brown and light gold, or her eyes-big and brown; they reminded him somehow of the tree he had just been sitting in. Arthur was stunned by her. It was almost as if she were too perfect, in a way, and it was slightly unnerving. \"I'm sorry,\" he said. \"I didn't mean to - to startle you. Forgive me. What's the matter?\" The Girl straightened, her expression calm, and her beauty was magnified. \"It's nothing,\" she said. \"I'm just fine, thank you.\" \"I haven't seen you before,\" Arthur pressed on. \"Are you from Camelot?\" \"No,\" said the Girl. \"I was journeying into the kingdom, though.\" She paused, staring at him, and the look of wonder was back on her face. Arthur felt a bit uncomfortable. \"Well, can I at least escort you there? You shouldn't be going anywhere by yourself. It could be dangerous.\" He slowly approached her, afraid she would leave, or perhaps disappear like some mystical being from a fairy-tale. Coming to stand beside her, he offered his arm. She stared at it, as if she didn't know what to do, and Arthur let it drop to his side. \"Well,\" he continued awkwardly, \"let's go, then.\" He took several steps toward the outskirts of the forest, before he noticed that she hadn't moved. Arthur turned to face her. \"Come on.\" He beckoned for her to follow. Tentatively, the Girl took a few small steps forward. \"I won't hurt you.\" She seemed to brighten at this, and caught up to him. They headed out of the forest together, Arthur taking several furtive glances at her. She was just so lovely to behold. He noticed, as well, that every time he looked at her, she was staring at him. They went on in silence for a while, before Arthur decided that he was being rather rude. \"It's nice to meet you, by the way,\" he said conversationally. \"My name is - Wart.\" Heaven forbid he tell her who he really was just yet. He didn't want her to bow and scrape at his feet upon learning that he was King Arthur. \"Wart?\" \"Don't worry, it's not my real name,\" he assured her. \"Just a nickname I've always had.\" \"I thought your name was Arthur.\" Arthur blinked. Well, so much for that plan. \"It is, yes.\" \"And you're the king.\" \"Yes, I am. I guess I'm talked about wherever you're from, right?\" The Girl gave a small shrug. \"I suppose you could say that.\" The trees thinned out, and Arthur saw the castle looming ahead. He looked at the Girl, and saw that this time, she wasn't staring at him, but at his home. It seemed everything amazed her, and he couldn't help adoring that even if he hardly knew her. \"Miss?\" He tapped her shoulder. \"I was wondering... what's your name?\" The Girl continued staring at the castle. \"My name?\" \"Yes,\" said Arthur. \"What are you called?\" The Girl kept her eyes on the castle for a few more seconds, before she slowly turned to meet Arthur's gaze, warm brown eyes to gentle blue. Her lips, rosy and soft-looking, parted slightly before she spoke. \"Guinevere.\" ","Summary":" Well hey, guys~! 8D Been a while since I've posted anything, so here's a little treat for ya. It's "},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"Five Weddings","Author":"Mad J-J","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12393953","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The first wedding Clementianna ever had took place some weeks after her sixteenth birthday. It was to a man as common as they come. She would even have gone as far as to call him pathetic, but she was not the one choosing who she was to marry after all. Her mother told her that a simple man who did good work would be more than enough. Clementianna didn't want \"simple\". She didn't want \"enough\". She wanted to be rich, she wanted to have the jewels to compliment her beauty, she wanted to be admired for what she was. Not that her mother cared. The simple man was nice enough, she guessed. Easy to manipulate. She had him wrapped around her little finger. She was, and it was important to mention it, the most beautiful girl in the village. The ceremony was highly disappointing. Clementianna had made herself as… Presentable as possible, she couldn't really say that those rags were her best, but still. She looked really good in anything. Maybe better in nothing than in this, but anyway. She had made an effort. Her hair was clean, soft and bright, its beautiful and naturally vivid color shining. She worked on it for hours. Her dress was complimenting her perfect figure and she even managed to find a necklace, nothing really fancy but she did with what she had. Her husband to be was… Well she doubted he even bathed. He was at least twenty years older than her, had probably lost as many teeth and smelled as strong as a man working in pig's shit could smell. He was rather disgusting as a whole. And those watery eyes devoid of any intelligence… She still couldn't believe she had to settle for that . They married in a hurry, because their witnesses had to go back to harvesting the fields, and the priest had another wedding to celebrate right after and really, was it so silly of her to hope that the thing she had been promised would be the most beautiful day of her life would last more than five minutes? And in a place that didn't fall apart either? Clementianna hadn't been happy in that marriage. Her mother could tell her all she wanted that Clementianna had everything she needed, she knew it wasn't true. She needed so much more. She actually met her second husband while she was still married to the simple man. And she supposed she wasn't supposed to marry her second husband, but Clementianna had the will to make anything possible. Her simple husband was really agreeable to everything she wanted, but when he became ill, shortly after she turned seventeen, she had to take it upon herself to work. Which was ridiculous, why did she bother marrying the man if she still ended needing for money? Her mother truly had chosen the worst suitor possible. Anyways. It didn't change the fact that Clementianna needed to eat, and to eat one needs money, and to earn money one needs to work (or find someone who had money and marry them, but that option wasn't available at that moment). Clementianna wasn't about to raise pigs like her husband though. That was laughable at best. She got herself a job in the mansion of their lord. She wanted to see what a real life, full of wealth and beautiful things looked like. People whispered things about the mansion though, saying it was haunted or cursed. It made it all the easiest for Clementianna to get hired: nobody else wanted the job. She cleaned the dust, but only when someone was looking – she wasn't about to exhaust herself for this useless job, the dust would always come back anyway! - and the rest of the time she was free to roam the long corridors and empty rooms. The architecture of the place, the furniture, everything was of such luxury. She would dance alone on the music that played in her mind, imagining being the honored guest of a ball organized for her sole sake. She kept exploring every corner of the mansion until one day she found the Room. It was a different from the others. The feel of it, the atmosphere… She felt shivers down her spine, yet she wasn't cold. She saw no window or candle, yet she could see as if in plain day. She felt dread and fear, yet… Yet nothing held her back from walking towards her reflection. The Mirror was on the wall, calling her. She said the words without even thinking, as if something was possessing her. And then everything changed.[Chapter 2] After that it became easier to claim the mansion's lord attention. She was, at eighteen, a blossoming beauty. He couldn't resist. And if a little magic helped him forget what was suitable for his rank, well… Oh yes, and her other husband had died from his illness a little while before that, she had forgotten. He had become so useless that she couldn't pinpoint exactly when it happened, but anyway, the end result was the same. She got her second wedding. This time it was… Better. Not perfect, but better. She was as excited as the last time. It was her wedding after all. Clementianna was as beautiful as she always was, except that now she finally had suitable clothes. Well, they were a little sober for her taste, but compared to rags, it was suitable. A dress made for the occasion, still too modest and devoid of \"unnecessary decorations\" as her lord had declared, but the fabric was smooth and shiny. This time, a maid did her hair, and she even got make-up. The pendant was from the Mirror. Her new husband wasn't a pretty sight, with his age of… Way-to-old, but he was rich, and he had a title. And he would probably die before she even had the time to understand how he had managed to get that garlic breath when all he ate was onion soup. The ceremony lasted for fifteen minutes, no longer since her lord didn't want to spent more money than necessary on those \"frivolities\", but it had a better décor, and there even was a musician. Granted, his interpretation of that… Unrecognizable piece of music on the flute wasn't the best she ever heard, but it would be enough. For now. That relationship was in some aspects worse than the last. He was impossible to live with, never giving up any piece of gold without a fight, always arguing that she spent too much. Her first husband was much easier to control, but Clementianna wasn't about to back down from a challenge. She was sharpening her weapon on the old bat's stubbornness. The Mirror's advices helped. Clementianna didn't have to wait long indeed for her second husband to pass away. It was such a tragic fall in the stairs. Nothing out of the ordinary though. What else was there to expect after a third refusal of her proposition in investing in some new dresses with more colorful patterns? Not that she pushed him. She simply mentioned to a friend how very fortunate it would be if it ever was to happen. Clementianna was a young widow of twenty years old, rich, without any distant family member of her late husband asking for inheritance (she made sure they wouldn't be annoying) and of course, the certainty that she was the most beautiful young lady there was. It wouldn't take her long to find another husband. Or so she thought.[Chapter 3] She was still reluctant to use the Mirror much then, having it warning her repeatedly about the danger of using too much of its magic. No suitor was suitable. She wanted more money and title, not to marry beneath her! Unfortunately, it appeared her latest husband's title wasn't enough to grant the attention that she wanted. Several years passed. She had turned twenty-six and would soon be completely broke. It wasn't a situation she enjoyed at all. She had had her fun, but enough was enough. Just when she was about to give up the good old way and go back to the Mirror though, she met him. Her third husband. He was a fool. And ugly. Seventeen years old and he trembled like a sickly old man, red hair and freckles all over his gaunt face, protuberant nose and claw-like fingers tightening in anxious fists over his chicken-like legs. He was also rich and one of the most priced bachelor there was. It was whispered that as the only heir of the Duchy, he was also a competitor for the throne since the king and queen had no heir thus far. It was easy to sweep him off his feet. Clementianna only had to mention how she knew what it was like to be bullied because of one's hair color and he was practically begging for her to marry him. She played the innocent and blushed prettily, assured him that she felt as in love with him as he was with her and the deed was done. The wedding was finally something that was appropriate for her person. The little rich boy lavished her with the attention she deserved, and Clementianna couldn't be happier. She had not one, but three maids fussing around her to prepare her hair and make-up on her wedding day. Everything was as it should be; she was the most beautiful she ever was. As she walked down the aisle, clutching tightly her bouquet, her smile was as radiant as her dress, and the eyes of all the assemble were on her. A soft breeze was blowing through her veil, the sun made her red hair glow and even a bird seemed fit to sing at the exact right time for it to feel even more magical. Then her husband-to-be turn back to her, revealing his smiling face and unequal teeth. He looked as happy as she was about five seconds before. Her own smile was caught in her throat. So, maybe not everything was perfect. She still had to marry this hideous boy, but she'd had it worse. Still, she hoped that her fourth wedding would happen with a man she would actually be attracted to, not someone she just wanted for his money and nobility. A handsome man with looks matching her own for example. The ceremony was a grandiose affair, something she could even remember fondly if she erased any memory of the grasshopper that was standing next to her. They even had had a banquet afterwards during which she managed to have fun, far away from her third husband who didn't attend after an unfortunate spoiled chicken ended up in his plate. Yes, it was a rather good wedding. The only problem was that with such a young husband, finding a way to get rid of him became problematic. He didn't enjoy hunting, preferring his books to the outside, and as sickly as he looked he was healthy like a horse. What was she supposed to do, make a bookcase fall on him? It must have been a pretty good idea since no one questioned it when it inopportunely happened. Clementianna figured asking the Mirror for another little push really wasn't much. ","Summary":" The first wedding Clementianna ever had took place some weeks after her sixteenth birthday. It was "},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"Mirror mirror Snow White and the Dark Suitor","Author":"MJ-ISO487","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8320317","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is another one of my stories which i've decided to write up. We all know about Snow White's evil stepmother wishing to kill her so that she may be the fairest in the land, but what if a man of another kind of evil who lusts for Snow white herself and wishes to take her for his bride and rule the kingdom in darkness and shadow? This is the story of a cunning and powerful young man who had been in early negotiations with the Queen to marry Snow White and has been in on a few occasions been denied the offer. Prince Richard de Faolan, son of Cathan, Lord of the city of Phelan was his name and he was charming gentleman who was seen as a good general and a prince of valour, but underneath he was an arrogant and smart young warrior with a love for war and dark Magic as well as the black arts of devilry. In his Castle Richard de Faolan was inside his chambers watching the view of his kingdom whilst he thought of the lady Snow White, only a year and seven months before Snow White's 18th birthday he sent a message to the queen with proposition of marriage to her stepdaughter in exchange for money. But unfortunately almost eight months had passed and no reply from the queen had been brought to him. By carrier pigeon or messenger there was nothing from the Queen. So he went in to his room writing down a direct letter to the Queen herself with a sullen warning that would make her remember him, before he sent it off by a small carrier pigeon. In the letter it Read; \" To her dear majesty, Queen Clementianna. Since you have decided to deny me your step daughter's hand in marriage, I have now become insulted by your manner and have decided to send this warning that if you wish for war to come to your kingdom I suggest that you reconsider my proposition, as I do not take any refusal what so ever, for any such refusal from you will be made as an act of insurrection to the will of Phelan and you shall likewise be forced into open war, a war in which you cannot win at all and a war I know you would probably wish to avoid. I will take her from your kingdom and you can rule for the rest of your days as a promise and have a quarter of my dowry in exchange for my terms for Snow White's hand in marriage. Now put out any thought of refusal and think it over carefully, for the pen is truly mightier than the sword. Sincerely Richard de Faolan. After it was sent, Richard waited for almost another eight months waiting for a reply as the year past. He trained for weeks, entertaining himself with his new plans and war plans for expanding the borders of his land all across the dark forest, planning on having all trees in the dark forest cut down so he can create new posts and strongholds for some small various legions under his command. It was not long until he received a visit from her faithful servant at a month before Snow White's eighteenth birthday. Brighton was standing in the throne room waiting for lord Richard to come forth for a while until he appeared from the side door accompanied by a couple of guards. He approached his throne and then sat down before he looked to Brighton who addressed Lord Richard; \"Hail, your lordship Richard de Faolan, the great fire falcon.\" Richard; \"Thank you Brighton, I trust that you have had a long journey to take getting here. So may I be treat you to a drink of water since you've come for so long?\" Brighton: \"Uh, yes please. it would be most grateful of you.\" Richard; \"Good, Servant go and fetch our guest a cup of water will you?\" The servant nodded and went to grab a cup, leaving his lord and Brighton alone. \"So what news do you bring from your queen.\" Brighton hesitated for a moment before he spoke out nervously; \"Your lordship, my queen say that she would consent to you marrying Snow White and taking her from her kingdom and lands, but unfortunately the princess Snow White has refused to accept your offer.\" The servant appeared with two cups of water, moving up to Richard who was looking so annoyed with Snow White's and passing a cup to him before he went and gave Brighton a cup. \"Really Brighton, then might I ask why is that? I could have offered her an army to take her kingdom back and then she'd be the Queen who will bring her people back to their former glory.\" asked Richard. Brighton; \"Well it seems your lordship, A letter of consent was written and yet it hasn't come to your kingdom, which would probably explain the delay for an answer, no one knows where it went. And in truth Snow White doesn't believe that you will help her and that she knows in her heart, you are not the right man for her, she told me to tell you that she would rather die.\" Richard; \"So let me get this right, I offer Snow White my hand in marriage with an enormous dowry in which she can use to help her people and she decides to refuse my offer to help her?\" Brighton; \"I'm afraid so.\" Richard then turned his back in anger, standing for a moment before he tossed his cup at the wall and then turned to Brighton who finished his cup hastily. \"That snibbling wench, send a message to you queen that she will be expecting a war to come onto her kingdom if she does not convince Snow white to consider my hand in marriage. I will have her whether she or your queen would like it or not, so make no mistake about that. is that Under stood?\" said Richard. \"Yes sir, I will deliver this message as you will.\" said Brighton, before leaving the throne room heading to the front doors. When Brighton was gone from the throne room, Richard stood near the throne for a moment before he then headed off to his war room to do some reading and studying for a while and then think on his newly forges strategies in his planned attack on Snow White's kingdom, hoping to raise a great army within a year to claim it by force and eliminate her and her people. It was during a few weeks within two months, that he received word by carrier pigeion sent to him by a few of his scouts who were stationed in the outskirts of Snow white's kingdom, that Snow white is starting a rebellion against the queen with the help of Seven dwarve thieves. On hearing that Snow white has become a fighter his views have now changed as he now saw her as a grave threat to his reign. He ordered for his armies to send out emissaries to all allies under his influence and have them gather their armies to launch an attack on Snow white's kingdom. Another year had passed and it was not long as he had almost finished raising enough soldiers and gathered enough armies to launch an assault on Snow White's kingdom and Prince Alcott's kingdom as well if necessary. It was by a couple of months during that time of the last year that word that the Queen was now defeated and the king had returned to the throne. A year later On the day of the army's departure which was a month after Snow white's wedding, he had his tailors dress him up in dark grey armour with a monstrous like helmet, he had his sword belt strapped and he placed his gloves on before he took up his shield and then headed out for his horse. He mounted up on his horse the moment he approached it, climbing up the saddle before he turned his horse to look on the vast armies, afterwards he turned back and gave the order for the great army to march out with him. Thousands of warriors and soldiers began to march in full order as Richard led them out in single file, heading out of the kingdom and through the outlands of his kingdom. Will Snow White and her husband Prince Alcott be ablt to defend their kingdom against the reign of Richard de Faolan? Or will the world that they knew as happy and loving, full of life come to an end? all that is in another chapter or another story. So keep an eye out for my next chapter and Hope you enjoyed my small story.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two. Picking up from where we left off, it seems that the honeymoon of Snow white and Prince Alcott will be cut short for the forces of darkness will seek to destroy their home and all who lived there. S now White's kingdom was in an age of merriness and love, flourishing like it did before since the down fall of Queen Clementianna and her evil reign on the kingdom itself. Settling back into his duties after years of being trapped under the influence of the queen's magic, the King was contempt to see his daughter Happy with the man that she loves, Prince Alcott who was now spending their second year of her marriage with Snow White in a small haven fit for a king and queen which was in a small estate land where an enchanted household stood. Standing outside the grounds of the front yard of the Household in the daytime, Snow White was looking out on the garden and marvelling on the work the gardeners have done since they first came to its estate for their first honeymoon. the daffodils and roses growing so bright and the Lilies smelling so fresh and beautiful which in all brought a feeling of prosperity and peace in a comforting way. In her eyes it was like a Sanctuary of Magic. She stood out for a while long since morning until Prince Alcott came out the front doors and then approached her from behind, he placed his hands over her eyes when he was near her and spoke. \"You might as well guess who it is standing behind you dear snow.\" Snow smiled, \"I can only make one guess for the one I truly love, You are so sneaky Alcott.\" she said turning around to see his face up front, he smiled as he spoke. \"And you are so beautiful Snow White of Valencia.\" he leaned in as they kissed for a moment before they withdrew, Alcott looked on her and looked to the lake by the lake near the household before he asked her. \"Would you like to come on a boat with me, we'll have a row on the lake if you'd like.\" \"I very much love to. and whilst there I could tell you some good news.\" said Snow. \"Perfect.\" said Alcott, Snow nodded smiling before turning and making a run for the lake in a quick flash, which prompted her husband into a race to the lake. By the time they were near the lake Snow stopped to let Alcott take the lead in the race, but not before on gaining the lead he suddenly tripped on small hole and ended up tumbling down the way and rolling into the shallow waters of the lake. Alcott resurfaced gasping form the chilly touch of the water whilst Snow stood with a smirk on her face laughing at the sight of her cold, dripping wet husband who was still sitting on the shallow ground before he stood up, water dripping all over him. \"Oh very funny Snow, you know that was a good move stopping to let me win. you know I could almost end up with a cold?\" said Alcott. Snow white still giggling walked over to the lake to fish him out of the cold water. \"I'm sorry Alcott, here let me help you up.\" she said, extending her hand for him to take. But Alcott had a sneak up his sleeve as he reached out and took her hand. \"No let me help you down.\" he said pulling her into the lake. She yelped, falling into the lake and ended up soaking wet with Alcott laughing aloud. She laughed with him before she stood up, shaking her arms about before she helped him on to his feet. \"I think we should get dried up before we even think of going out for a boat ride across the lake, don't you think?\" said Snow, as Alcott stood up walking with Snow to the shore and going up the hillside. \"I think it would be a good idea, Snow. Besides I've caught one too many colds in my time from getting soaked.\" said Alcott as they walked on to the household hoping to get a dry towel and into some dry clothes. It was after a while both Snow and Alcott had come to the house and got dried off from getting soaked in the lake, once all dried up and then dressed into some warm clothes from the rooms cupboards, Alcott went to Snow's room. When he came to the door he knocked on it and Snow answered the door to see her husband standing at the door. \"Alcott, hello.\" she said cheerfully. \"Hello Snow, I just wanted to come by and check how you were. Since we left the lake I've wondered abit about what was the good news that you wanted to tell me on the boat and well here I am, So may I come in?\" said Alcott in a gentleman's manner. Snow nodded to him before stepping aside to let him in. He entered the room as Snow closed the door and he sat down on the chair near the fire place. Snow approached as she spoke. \"Well the good news was in a letter I've received from my father, it says that a wedding is being made for baker Margaret and Servant Brighton, they've been together for about a whole year and they've chosen to marry.\" \"Really, oh that's nice. I hope that they'll be happy we'll be joining them for the wedding.\" said Alcott. \"That's the other part as they've invited us, their wedding to be in two months from now and its held in the village.\" said Snow. \"Well then, I say let us not disappoint them. I believe you owe them more than I can imagine. so We'll come back to your father's kingdom within a month and during the next month we'll choose out best clothes for the occasion and then we could go to the market to buy a wedding present for the Margaret and Brighton.\" said Alcott. \"It's agreed then, so shall we share a drink to toast to Brighton and Margaret's marriage?\" said Snow. \"Actually allow me to obtain the drinks, the last time I took a drink I was under a love spell by the Queen if you can remember.\" said Alcott, before he stood up, heading to the door he opened it and went out to get two cups and a small bottle so that they can share a beautiful evening together. Snow White in the meantime as she waited for Alcott to return, she stood up from her chair and then went to the window to reflect on how all things had now gone better for her dear friend Baker Margaret. She stared out into the view of the window as the day faded into the evening time and the sun was setting on the horizon. Snow white's kingdom. Whilst Snow white and prince Alcott were enjoying the remaining time on their second anniversary, Baker Margaret was in her room looking into her wardrobe for a dress to wear for her wedding day which would be coming soon enough. She looked on each dress as she took them out and then placed them back in the wardrobe. She was about to give up and then sit down to think on what to find in the market place when she heard a knock on her door, she turned to the door and then spoke. \"Yes I'm coming.\" she said, standing up and walking to the door to answer it when she was given a surprise by her baker lady friends. when She opened the door, she saw her friends holding a lovely white gown made of pure silk with daffodils around the collar and the cuffs and they went. \"Surprise, Baker Margaret!\" Margaret was overwhelmed with glee and emotion as she saw the dress, that she went and hugged each of her friends saying her thanks for the lovely gift. After a moment she regained composure and then spoke. \"You are all so kind to give me this beautiful dress, I could never thought of anything so special within my whole life, thank you all for this.\" \"We chipped in to create the design of the whole dress that we had to buy the linen and the sheets to make the dress itself, it took us a whole night for us to complete the decorations of the dress.\" said the first baker lady. \"Aww, you all have been so dear to me that I believe the king is happy to have you all here for so many years.\" said Baker Margaret, gladly looking on the beautiful dress which she would wear on her wedding day. The baker ladies then spent some while of the day working whilst speaking about the preparations for the wedding for almost a week until at the day of a weeks end, the King received a visit. On that day, the king was in the throne room reading over some letters from the magistrate when Brighton entered the room to give his announcement. \"My king pardon my intrusion.\" he said. \"Brighton, I wasn't inspecting to see you until your wedding day. so what brings you here.\" asked the King, placing the letters aside and standing up to approach Brighton. \"Sire, it seems that we have a visitor, who wears a mask and is dressed in a hood and cloak.\" said Brighton. The king looked to the doors for a moment before he looked to Brighton and spoke. \"Send him in.\" Brighton nodded before he went and asked for the guards to have the doors opened for the visitor, who wore a black hood and cloak with a mask covering his face. The stranger entered the doors of the castle as the king returned to his throne and sat down to look on the visitor who approached before the throne and then stood. He knelt down before the king who watched him carefully and then spoke whilst Brighton stood by his side. \"Rise stranger and tell me who you are, and what is the purpose of your visit to my humble abode.\" The Stranger rose up from his knee and stood before he removed his mask which resembled the mask of a Jackal, revealing himself to be a general of Lord Richard de Faolan himself. Seeing this stranger's face the king waited for him to speak for a moment until he responded. \"Your majesty, I've come from my master's camp as he is but a couple of days from your doorstep.\" \"Is that so? then tell me who is your master?\" asked the king. \"Lord Richard de Faolan.\" the general responded proudly, the sound of that name had brought a small fit of anger to the king as he remembered from the stories of the Faolan family since he returned to his kingdom but he kept his anger in check before he spoke again. \"What news do you bring from your master at this time?\" \"I've come to make you an offer in the terms of surrender, to ask you join us. Give in your submission to Lord Richard de Faolan and he will see that your kingdom will not be harmed by the warriors of his lands.\" \"Submission? well I'm afraid that it will be a problem as I care too much for the principals of my people and its foundings like my ancestors. so May I ask you this, what would he do if I refused to give in?\" \"Then he will have to invade your kingdom and burn it to the ground. So I say that you must make your decision wisely.\" said the General in a devious tone. \"And what decision is that?\" the King asked angrily. \"Join us... or die.\" said the General, leaning forward to look him squarely in the eye before he stepped away from his majesty. The King was quiet for a moment as he thought about his options and then spoke. \"Tell Richard de Faolan that I look forward to meeting him in battle and from there we'll settle this once and for all.\" \"Very well then, because he looks forward to taking your daughter.\" the General then turned and walked away, making his leave with the King standing in the court with the thought of anger in his mind. After the meeting was done the general went to the stables where he retrieved his horse when two guards were coming inside to intercept him, but the general was so quick that he climbed on his horse and rode out, knocking one guard and slashing his sword on the other guard in a swift blow which killed him. Within a moment the general was gone from the sight of the court. Fearful for the kingdom the king turned to Brighton and spoke. \"Brighton, a word with you at once.\" \"Yes your Highness?\" asked Brighton who approached from the corner. \"I'm afraid you'll have to postpone your wedding plans for the time being, and have the residents of this castle prepare to leave encase of an attack. I fear that there is a war brewing on the horizon. before you alert the servants, I need you to send emissaries to Alcott's kingdom in Valencia and call for reinforcements there to support our small armies at once.\" the king instructed. \"Right away your highness, and my prayers be with you sire.\" said Brighton before he turned and went off to carry out his duties whilst the king went off to the bird cage room to send a message to Prince Alcott and his daughter Snow White. Afterwards he then went to the armoury to call for an assembly of his soldiers into order to make his announcement of war coming upon this kingdom. Back in the country Household. The next morning on the last day of their anniversary seemed to be a bit dull and grey for what was suppose to be a bright and sunny one since they had come to the household for their honeymoon and the reign of sunshine had made the summer of love appear early in the season. Snow White was sleeping in the arms of her true love Prince Alcott when the morning came but the sun had not peeked through the windows, she stirred around to the moment of morning and she woke to the brightness of the dull day. She got up from Alcott's arms and then crawled out of bed to walk over to the window. It was a quiet moment to herself as she looked out the window, Snow white thought of the seven dwarves she befriended in the days she spent in the forest and how she became the person she is today and now she was married to the one she truly loves in this world, the one who helped her save her kingdom. After the moment passed she turned from the window, giving her dear husband a shake before heading off to the kitchen for breakfast. Alcott woke up to Snow white's shaking him and he rolled over on the bed as his dear wife slipped out of the bed and went to get her robes before leaving through the door whilst Alcott sat up and crawled out of bed to get his trousers and robes on as well. It was during the hour that Snow white and Alcott were having breakfast together and were just finishing up, having a quiet moment together when one of the servants appeared from the doorway and then spoke. \"My lord Alcott, pardon my intrusion but I have a messenger who is waiting outside. He says that it is urgent that he speaks with you and lady Snow.\" Alcott looked to Snow, who was sharing the same concern that he possessed when he spoke. \"Very well send him into the main room and bring him a jug of water, he'll be thirsty if he's travelled a great distance.\" The servant nodded and went on his way to perform his task whilst Alcott and Snow White placed their napkins aside and got up from their seats to head into the Main room to speak with the messenger, who possessed some distressing news about Snow's father's kingdom. Once they entered the main room and took a seat, Alcott was the first to speak. \"So what news does his majesty bring from his kingdom afar?\" \"Sadly the news that Snow white's father's kingdom is being invaded by an army of warriors.\" said the messenger, his words brought a shock to Snow White as she spoke. \"What, are you saying that my father's kingdom is under an invasion. Who is leading this invasion?\" asked Snow White. \"A Warrior Lord who goes by the name; Richard de Faolan, my lady.\" said the messenger. The name itself hung in the air of silence as Snow White was left in dismay as she knew the name of her former suitor, only Alcott was the one to break the silence between the three. \"Faolan? I haven't heard of a man of such a repute so who is he really? Snow, do you know him?\" \"I do, he was a suitor who has been trying to woo me for a long time but because of my stepmother his efforts were only deflected, he was close to making me his own. And now I fear he'll be coming for me.\" \"Snow, You shall not fear him at all as I'll be there to put a stop to this mad man's reign of terror.\" \"Its nice of you to say, but I believe its best that we take him on together Alcott. After all you said once that you'd rather die by the side of the one you love, remember?\" Alcott looked into her beautiful eyes for a short moment before he spoke. \"Yes I remember, so I say let us gather what troops we can and work out a way to defeat this Richard de Faolan.\" Snow white smiled at that remark before turning to the messenger. \"Messenger, I thank you for the message you have brought to us.\" She then approached him, pulling out a few coins and placed them on his hand. After sending the messenger on his merry way, Snow white And Alcott went to the stable house to have the stable masters prepare some fresh horses for the ride to Valencia, where they hope to gather the forces they have for war. Chapter two done, so now onto Chapter three. Will Snow white and Prince Alcott make it to Valencia? Can her kingdom be saved from the wrath of Richard de Faolan? Stay tuned for more on my new chapter.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three Hi there this is more of my own work that I've done for the new chapter, I'm sorry if its not enough but I'm still writing it down as I go along so read it and see how you like it. This scene takes place within a few of days after the message was carried out to Prince Alcott's cottage and delivered personally onto Prince Alcott's hands. On the outskirts of the kingdom, the King's generals were organising the gathering of soldiers to assemble an army to go out against Lord Richard de Faolan. There was a whole lot of preparations to be made for the war and each company of soldiers were put to tasks in training new recruits for the army, and gathering food rations and weapons storage as well as gathering wood to make bows and arrows for the archers company who volunteered as part of the King's royal army. Whilst all was occupied by the tasks at hand, the king was keeping himself busy, standing at the table at the centre of his tent he was looking over the maps and charts in preparation for an attack from Richard's army. He studied the charters for almost an hour when he stopped to turn and see that there's someone at the doorway of the tent, he turned himself to see his servant Brighton was standing at the door. So he turned and invited Brighton into his quarters, Brighton entered the tents and stood before the king, who looked on him and then asked him. \"What news do you bring here?\" \"Only the news sent by carrier pigeon, your majesty.\" said Brighton. \"Well what does it say?\" asked the king. \"Your messenger has made it to Prince Alcott and has delivered his message, Prince Alcott now looks to head towards his home land to gather his army in support to the defences of our armies sire.\" said Brighton. Hearing this as good news, the king felt some hope for his kingdom as he spoke. \"Thank you Brighton, that's good news. Give the instructions to the assembling armies, we're to hold our positions for long until the Valencian army arrives to aid and support us. until then we'll have to hold our grounds and have some hope that a miracle will be within our favour.\" \"Understood your majesty.\" said Brighton, heading out to deliver his message to the army whilst the king went back to his studying his charts and hope that the army will come forth to save them. So much was happening for a long part of the day until sunset and there was no sign of the armies of the tyrant lord Richard de Faolan. Unbeknownst the king's army, Lord Richard de Faolan's army was much larger than the king had expected and they were but at least a couple of days and a half away from the kingdom's outskirts. Within the Faolan army's camp, Lord Richard stood with a few generals and a few of his loyal scouts in council, who gave him the news of the growing armies encamped on the outskirts of the kingdom and the progress it was making with the time and preparation made carefully. But Richard didn't see this as a problem for his army was greater and much stronger than that of the king's army. He decided, on a tactical manoeuvre to start off a sneak attack on the front of the camp and have them rally together. Moving the pieces on the charts of his maps, he disclosed the design of his whole battle plan in full; Richard's generals would send his vanguard at the front ahead of them and send his cavalry behind them. He'd give them instructions to ride on around their position for a side flank directly into the left flank of the army in the attack. Whilst the King's army is busy, the main force of Richard's army will move forward and flank them with a mirage of arrows before they send half of the forces in to the attack before sending the rest around their position to cut off reinforcements from the town. After the disclosure of his battle plan, the generals looked eye to eye on seeing that this plan might work in their favour, they looked to their Lord Richard who was silent for a moment before he raised his head as if he made his decision and spoke. \"Assemble the vanguard, we will launch the attack on day break.\" A loud howl of cheers followed at the second of his announcement for a moment before all made their leave to carry out their orders for Lord Richard, leaving him to marvel at the design of his good plan off attack on the Snow White's kingdom. His eyes looked up to the small image of Snow White's kingdom before he remarked in a cold harsh tone; \"We shall make this kingdom famous.\" Back in Snow White's kingdom The town's people were in a cheerful mood for the time of day was still bright and sunny and only a few worries within the small parts of the townspeople, Baker Margaret was strolling along the path of the town, kids running around and laughing aloud when she went by and she laughed when they passed around her. As she watched them go far off, Margaret wondered what it would have been like to be a mother. Though she was like a mother to Snow white for ten years, she still couldn't help but wonder what it would be like. She continued her stroll across the town when Brighton showed up in town and she saw him come to her, happy but had something on his mind. \"Brighton, my dear Brighton, what brings you to this part of the town?\" she asked. \"Alas some distressing news Margaret from the king, I'm afraid the townspeople might be in danger.\" said Brighton. \"Danger? What do you mean by that Brighton?\" asked Margaret. \"I wasn't sure at first but there's an army that is crossing the forests of this land and they're heading in our direction, they mean to destroy our home and everyone within it.\" Brighton explained plainly, which Margaret took pretty well. She stood in realization of the danger coming upon her and the people. \"How many warriors are we speaking of that's coming to this place?\" \"Only thousands of strong warriors, at least for the single purpose which is to destroy the kingdom and worse; Lord Richard de Faolan is leading the army. they'll be here within a few days at most or more.\" said Brighton, watching Margaret walk towards a bench before taking a seat on it to think for a moment. She sat silently as she thought and Brighton went to sit with her and to comfort her, he spoke. \"But there's more Margaret.\" \"What more is there?\" asked Margaret. \"Prince Alcott is heading to Valencia to assemble his army for war, he has decided to aid us in fighting against Richard.\" Brighton said. Margaret drew a small grin, nodding before she spoke. \"That is good news, though I'm not sure if he'll make it on time to save the kingdom.\" \"Which is why I'm calling for an assembly of the town to leave and head on for the hillside. I'm doing this because I want to protect us all, even you my dear.\" said Brighton. Margaret looked to her beloved fiancé for a short while before she spoke. \"What are we waiting for, we'll need to get to town hall to call the meeting before night fall.\" With that Brighton and Margaret headed off through the town to the centre to raise the alarm and call up a meeting for the townspeople to make an evacuation across the forest towards safety in the refuge of the mountains. When they came into the town centre and spoke with the Magistrate, Brighton gave him a form sealed by the king to order all residence of the town to flee to the hills for safe keeping until this war is over and the kingdom is in safe hands of the Valencian and the king's army once again. By the end of the day the whole town were gathering all belongings and provisions from their storage places before they packed them up for the journey across the country to the mountains, where they'll find some form of sanctuary. Setting of under the darkness of the evening the houses of the town were emptied and the townspeople were away, walking on their feet or on horse back they travelled for a couple of miles before they stopped to rest for the night. Meanwhile on the outskirts of Valencia. After travelling from their honeymoon place for a good length of time within a week and a half, Snow White and Prince Alcott were just coming to the lands of Valencia which was a spectacular sight to see from Snow White's point of view. As Alcott had once said about his kingdom, the lands were a bountiful province with so much to gain and to trade with for a kingdom such as the kingdom of Valencia, where Alcott was born. Snow White looked upon the sight in front of her as that was her husband's kingdom for a moment. She spoke then. \"Valencia, its so beautiful here. I never thought I'd get to see this kingdom in the distance.\" Prince Alcott nodded, looking on the sight of his home with his wife for a moment as well before he turned to her and then looked to the front, gathering the reins in both his hands he gave his horse a kick to urge it forward in the lead. He turned to Snow White before he spoke. \"Shall we dear?\" Snow white gave a nod, giving her horse a kick and urged it to move forth towards the kingdom. They rode further and further along the road towards the kingdom until they were close, the guards who accompanied them rode ahead to give the guards at the gate the news that Prince Alcott was coming to the gate, they asked for the gates be opened for his majesty. The guards replied by repeating the order to open the gates, which was then turned to action as the doors were being unlocked and opened for the coming riders. Inside the castle that stood in the middle of the city, the king Bryant of Valencia was in his study reading over some forms and documents when he heard footsteps coming to he door before knocking. \"Enter.\" Bryant spoke, the door opened as one of the advisors entered the room and came forward, carrying news. The advisor stood in front of the king's desk before he spoke. \"Your Majesty, I bring some good news that your son has returned.\" Hearing of his son's return caught king Bryant's attention as he looks up to the advisor and. \"Alcott has come back to our kingdom?\" he asked, the advisor nodded in reply. With a small smile drawn upon his face the king Bryant placed his quill back in its inkpot, placed his papers down and stood up to walk out of the room with the advisor at his side, taking him to the main doorways so he can greet his son at the courtyard. As soon as Alcott and Snow white, along with their escorts were through the gates into the city of Valencia, they were greeted by a band of stable boys, whom they handed their reins over to. Alcott dismounted from his horse immediately before he went to Snow White's horse. When she dismounted, Alcott caught her mid slide and he placed her on the ground whilst the horses were taken to the stables. Soon after their arrival the kingdom was in a cheerful mood, giving praise for the return of the Prince of Valencia. Whilst they walked through the streets, Snow white looked around the buildings and the streets of the city with Prince Alcott as they were were showered with praise and flower petals from both sides and from above, all residents of the kingdom cheered in celebration for their beloved prince Alcott. They walked on until they came to the front of the castle. When they approached the Castle, royal guards stood at each side on the stairs where Alcott's father the king Bryant stood at the top as he watched his son and his bride come forth, he then begun to descend down the steps until he was close to the bottom step and met with his son at the floors of the courtyard. \"Alcott, my son.\" said king Bryant who embraced his son. Alcott patted his father's back whilst they embraced one another and he spoke. \"Father, its so good to see you here.\" They stayed in their embrace for a short and then separated before Alcott looked on his father and then spoke. \"Its very good to see you too Alcott, I'm glad that your journey was a pleasant one.\" \"Indeed, Father I have someone I want you to meet.\" said Alcott, turning to Snow White who stood behind, seeing the father and son look to her and then come forward. The King Bryant stopped at a short distance as Snow White gave a graceful curtsey before the king and then speaks in introduction. \"My lord, I am the princess Snow White, daughter of the good king who rules a kingdom in the fairlands to the north east and I must say its a pleasure to meet you on this fair day my lord Bryant of Valencia.\" \"And I dare say the pleasure is all mine lady Snow, especially since you're the woman who won my son's heart and made him into a better man he is to this day. I've heard rumours of your great beauty and such courage which proves your worth, and for once the gossips and stories were right.\" King Bryant said, taking her and pressed it to his lips. He lowered it down as he looked into her eyes and spoke. \"Welcome to my kingdom of Valencia, come with me. you and my son must be tired after a long ride.\" King Bryant said, turning and gesturing for the two to follow him into the castle through the doorway and through the hallways to the great hall of the throne room. When they came to the throne room, Snow white stopped at a few steps into the throne room as she felt that she needed to speak to the king, Prince Alcott turned to Snow white who looked to him in worry before he turned to his father and then called for him. \"Father, as much as I'd like to sit down and share a drink with you.\" Alcott stood pausing a short before he spoke again. \"But I'm afraid my wife has a matter she'd like to speak to you about.\" King Bryant turned when Alcott spoke and stood listening to him, seeing it was important he gave a nod for her to come forward, which she did and curtseyed before she addressed the king. \"My lord Bryant, I come to you with the authority of my father in calling for your aid in a dark matter.\" Hearing this King Bryant looked to his son, who nodded in saying she speaks the truth before he came to her. \"Speak about this dark matter lady Snow.\" he said and she replied. \"A warlord called; Richard de Faolan is planning to launch an attack on my father's kingdom which will be come a massacre. His army is on my father's doorstep, I come hear to ask for your help in this matter and with hopes that your majesty would send an army to help him.\" After hearing her plea for help, Bryant was silent for a moment as he stood thinking about his decision to give her an army to save her kingdom from the wrath of Richard de Faolan's legion. He turned away from her and walked over to a table at the right wing of the throne room where there was a map of the countryside with marks on it. He looked on the marks, seeing the armies he has encamped in the parts of his kingdom. He looked on them for a short while and when he turns, his eyes hold an answer to her plead. Well I'm going to end Chapter three at the part when the King Bryant has made his decision. Will he choose to aid Snow White in the fight against Richard and his dark army? Will her kingdom suffer at the hands of a horrible fate? Will Prince Alcott save his wife's people in time? Stay tuned for Chapter Four.[Chapter 4] Chapter Four This is the fourth chapter of the Snow white story, so far I've written this much about the siege and the journey to Snow White's castle where the real battle will begin soon enough. Meanwhile. Back in the fields in front of Snow White's kingdom. The moment of dawn was coming upon the Kingdom after a long night of preparation for the oncoming battle to come, the army of Snow White's father the king were asleep in the fields with their weapons close to them encase of a sneak attack whilst the king himself was sleeping in the high tent. All seemed quiet for the whole of the night when suddenly something unthinkable happened. On the front of the fields, the vanguard warriors of Richard de Faolan's great army were assembled in about a dozen long straight lines, they were all standing together at the ready with daybreak coming upon the horizon. The front few rows with spears and pikes at the ready they were backed up by the two rows of crossbowmen and few rows of dark warriors with swords and axes, sabres and maces and other weapons with the four rows of archers at the rear. They were awaiting the command of their leader who was on horseback, and was riding to the front of the lines. When Richard came to the front of the lines, he overseen the front of the lines before he turned to the camps in the field before him and then gave a signal for the archers to send a volley of fire upon the rows of camps. The archers each in the line lit their arrows on fire and drew their bows, taking aim for the skies before they released a mirage of a thousand arrows upon the camp. The Fire Arrows flew in the mid winds before they landed upon the field where the camps stood. At that moment before the mirage of fire arrows fell upon and were about to touch the grounds and parts of the camp, the guards of the night watch gave sound of the alarm, alerting the king's army that they're under attack. Soon the army's soldiers were roused from their tents, some came out from their tents which were burning from the fire arrows whilst some fell from being burnt and others coming to their aid to get them seen to by healers and physicians. On the hill in front of the camp, the Vanguard stood still at ease and were ready for the order to march whilst Richard watched from the rear for a moment before he decided the time was right. He turned to his captain and then gave the order to lead the vanguard in the assault upon the camp. With the order given the Phelanian captain rode to the front, drawing his sword he shouted. \"Forward, advance!\" Line after line began to march forward with their captain leading the way, advancing towards the camp for a skirmish upon the surviving knights who stood at camp. Back in the king's army's Camp. Stepping out to get ready to defend their grounds, even the king himself was getting his armour as soon as the alarm was sounded. After getting his armour fitted and his sword belt tied, the king stepped outside his tent and walked to the rear of the camp where two rows of archers were waiting in line for the order from their captains. They stood at ease when the king arrived at the front. \"Archers, first row will draw bows, the second row will light arrows.\" said the king, giving his command to the archers who did as ordered. The front line drew their bows loaded with black arrows and released, firing upon the first line of skirmishers, they took down at least a dozen on the first and second row of the Vanguard to spur them into charging. It worked, they started breaking into a trot on the field before the second line lit their arrows and drew their bows before the king gave the order to release. Within moments the fire arrows from the king's lines landed on the fields where the vanguard were marching when it suddenly got sat alright. The whole field of flames spread across and engulfed the first few rows in fire, giving the king's army the chance to properly assemble the front lines. By the time the army itself was assembled and battle ready even though some of them were burnt by the flames, the cavalry had arrived from the castle to stand behind the army and the rest fell into place, eager to fight back against the opposing army. Soon the flames on the fields died down and all that was left of the vanguard were only a few hundred left. The rest were already dead before the king's army charged into battle in a mid clash of swords. As hour passed into the morning of the day, the bodies of dozens in the king's army began to pile up along with those hundreds of Lord Richard's Phelanian soldiers with every hard strike of weapons from each side and clash of shields in the deep midst of the great battle and it seemed that victory was near. But the reinforcements that were sent into battle by Richard's order were outnumbering the King's forces two to one. When a long hour into the battle had passed on the king ordered his army to fall back, soon the royal Horsemen were sent in to fend off any attackers coming whilst the archers shot down the masses of soldiers to cover the King's surviving warriors retreating into safety in the outer walls of the castle. Upon seeing his plan working as he hoped, Richard called his soldiers back into lines for victory was theirs. But the time to set up a siege will come soon enough. The king turned his horse along with his personal guard including Brighton and they went to the castle to retreat with the warriors and their families who took refuge inside the walls of the castle. As soon as all soldiers were inside they closed the gates and prepared for a long siege which would come when the siege weapons are brought forward. After dismounting from his horse, the king turned and went to the stairs leading to the walkway of the wall to look upon the view of the oncoming army who were standing outside their doorstep, waiting to burst into the castle and burn it to the ground. Meanwhile in the far distance from Snow White's Kingdom . The great Valencian army was on the march forth to Snow White's father's kingdom. It was by the king Bryant's command after he made his decision to aid Snow White and save her father, the warriors and soldiers, Horsemen of the cavalry were gathered together for a battle against the armies of Richard de Faolan. After the whole army was assembled, armoured and prepared for battle, Prince Alcott and Snow White rode out of the kingdom, leading the army forward into the open grounds and through the fields towards her home. They rode long and fast across the open fields of the regions to head in direction of Snow white's kingdom which was now halfway from where they rode. Stopping at a small region for rest, the armies spread out to make camp for the night. The great fires were made in their hundreds for each circle of high tents and the little fires were made at small tents on the outside with posts set up for protection from outside invaders. Within one of those high tents of the inner grounds of the camp, Snow white was settling into the comforts of her accommodation. Sitting down before a mirror she brushed her raven black hair in her night gown slowly whilst she thought of her father for some time, she feared for the worst of the on going siege in her lands but still she hoped for the best that her friends' lives were in safe grounds whilst her father fought hard. She was finished with brushing her hair when the door flap opened. Prince Alcott's page Charles Renbock entered the tent and then bowed before the princess. Snow White turned to see him and then she rose from her chair to turn to him, approaching Charles she curtseyed him before she spoke. \"Charles Renbock, welcome to my humble tent.\" \"I accept your warm welcome my lady, I've come here with news from your scouts who have seen the battle at your kingdom my lady.\" said Charles. Snow White's attention glowed with interest, she moved to get a drink of water for Charles and offered it to him before she spoke. \"Then please take a drink and tell me what you have heard from them.\" After sipping some water from his cup, Charles took a moment to think on the words before he explained. \"The reports are bad, they say that Richard's army has begun its assault on the kingdom and the army has held the vanguard for so long before they had to make a retreat back to the Castle but they can't hold off the line for too long.\" Snow White's head lowered as she imagined the worst when Charles spoke again. \"But the good news is that one such scout found a short way to the battlefield, just entering through the mountain pass which should enable us to come through without alerting Richard's scouts on the next part of the region.\" \"Is that so?\" asked Snow White. \"Absolutely my lady, the scout confirmed it as he followed it to the end. As far as your husband Alcott knows, he believes also that the Quickest way to your father's kingdom would have to be that passage way. It now falls on your opinion.\" When Charles finished his remark on her choice, Snow White thought it for a short moment as she stood up and walked around the space of her tent, her mind was almost divided for once until she listened to her heart. She turned to Charles before she said to him. \"We shall let the army sleep for now, we'll head out one hour and a half before dawn and then we'll move out to the passage way quickly in the dark. We will move the armies one column at a time before we ride for battle and meet with Richard de Faolan's army in combat.\" \"Very good my lady, I'll inform your husband of your choice.\" said Charles, taking one last sip from his cup before he placed it aside on the table and begun to leave, but Snow White called to him and spoke. \"Charles, please tell my husband that I shall visit his tent later on tonight.\" \"Very well my lady, I shall in form him of your visit at once. I bid you good night lady Snow.\" said Charles before he bowed and went on his way to see the Prince Alcott and lay forth his instructions and his message from Snow. Back in Snow White's kingdom. After a short and sweet siege on the town at the front of the kingdom, the forces of Richard de Faolan were at the moment advancing across the bridge towards the castle. The first line of soldiers began their crossing towards the front gate when all of a sudden an explosion was heard from underneath their feet and the bridge began to collapse from beneath them, soon the bridge started falling down taking at least a hundred warriors, including the skirmishers of the front line. Even the battering ram that half of the hundred warriors were pushing fell along with the front army, now with the Bridge completely destroyed, the army's attack was halted for the time until they can build a bridge and cross over to the Castle, completing their conquest so they could achieve victory. The King himself was standing on the balcony of his front castle when the bridge fell, cutting off the castle from the main land the plan which devised by half pint himself, had stopped the siege in its own tracks. He saw lord Richard who was mounted when he saw the whole bridge fall down and he gave a roar of rage, shaking his hands in front of him in fury and anger for a short few seconds, the king laughed at Richard's hysteria before he gave applause for a job well done. Seeing the King laugh from his balcony, Richard sat on his mount watching with fumes coming from his nostrils, turning to his right side he called his guard to fetch his crossbow. When the guard went off and returned with Richard's crossbow after a while, Richard took aim at the king before he pulled the trigger and shot the bolt at the castle. Seeing the man shoot something, the king ducked down just as Half-pint was coming into the room through the doorway and heard a thump on the wall. He looked up to see a black bolt hanging there, and looked to the king who was on the floor. With concern and distress, half-pint the dwarf went up to the king and asked him. \"Are you alright your majesty?\" \"Yes I'm alright, just a bit lucky I ducked down before Richard's bolt shot a target with my name on it, the man is getting better with his aim. I have to admit it, he is getting better.\" said the king. \"Well it was only a lucky shot, but I hope he doesn't shoot again. come your highness we have to stay away from the windows encase they take target practise and aim for the windows.\" said Half-pint, gesturing for the king to come away from the window. Looking to the window the king decided it best to return. \"You're right, Half-pint. We better leave the windows and warn the others.\" The king said, crawling away from the window and over to the door where half-pint stood, they left through the door before a couple more bolts came flying into the room, piercing the walls. They went down the stairs of the tower to one of the halls and then to the main hall where the towns people and guards were staying inside, keeping the children calm and keeping order among the people in the hopes that they'll receive help from Alcott's army. Baker Margaret and Brighton were busy caring for some of the townspeople who were scared of the invasion outside the castle, most of them were a bit shaken up from the howls of the raids, and had to flee to the walls and shelters of the castle for safety and protection. Some of them were pulling through, helping the wounded soldiers in the rooms throughout the castle whilst the bakers were working in the kitchens to feed the townspeople and the servants and to raise their morals and spirits, the king over seen those of his people. The walls of the castle were well guarded around the standing ground, so far it was holding for almost a while as they hoped Alcott and his whole army would come on time. After what was almost a while, Baker Margaret decided to take the time to sit down at the corner and rest for a while. Brighton was busy treating one of the soldiers when he looked up and noticed Margaret sitting down in the corner. Seeing her looking so lonely and exhausted in the corner, Brighton called for Grim and asked if he could handle treating the soldier before him whilst he tends to Baker Margaret who was looking so distressed. Seeing her for himself, Grim decided to take over Brighton's job, leaving Brighton to head past the rows of beds towards Baker Margaret. When He came to her he kneeled down before her. \"Dear Margaret, how are you feeling?\" he asked her kindly. When Baker Margaret looked up to Brighton, her eyes brightened up as she spoke. \"I think I'll pull through Brighton, there's no need to worry for me I'm just feeling a little tired from all that hard work that's all.\" \"Well you don't look so bright, so why don't you go to bed and take some rest. I and the others will take care of the rest of the troops, we'll be fine for the time being and I'll be sure to wake you up before sunset.\" said Brighton. \"I can't go and get some rest, there's a lot to do her and I'd rather keep busy.\" Margaret protested. \"Margaret for once in your life could you take a suggestion, I'm only saying so to help you stay strong and as I love you so much, I'd be lost without you. so please do me this favour; go and get some rest for me.\" Brighton said. Baker Margaret sat still with her thoughts whilst Brighton waited for her answer, her mind still determined to help the soldiers and the kitchen staff but her heart said that rest is more important for her as well. So on listening to her heart for a few seconds, Baker Margaret spoke. \"You're probably right, but could you come with me Brighton? I don't want to sleep in my own bed alone.\" \"Alright Margaret, I'll come with you and stay by your side whilst you get some sleep. come on.\" Brighton said, pulling his love onto her feet before they went off through one of the rooms to Baker Margaret's room where they stayed. The king walked across the hall, looking on the people who knelt down and he nodded to them. He then stopped by the bedside of one of his wounded soldiers who was lying down sleeping, he knelt down beside the soldier who slept and he looked on him for a moment. The soldier woke up before he turned his head round to see the king kneeling down and hovering over him, he spoke. \"Your Highness, I didn't know you were here.\" \"Please don't speak, just rest easy and regain your strength. I heard that you've fought so bravely.\" said the king. \"I Have indeed my lord and I've fought not just for you, but for my family.\" said the soldier. \"And I'm sure that if your father is alive or dead he will still be proud of his good son, you. Now rest easy and recover.\" said the king as the soldier nodded to his king, who stood up and wondered past the other soldiers and spoke with each one of them, giving them gratitude and hope as he felt they deserved it for the effort they've given in. It was a cold and tiring day for the healers, but it was more or less a hard time for a first day during an open siege on a single hill castle with the army on their front doorstep. In the camps of Richard de Faolan's army. The warriors of the army were split into a few groups, some were setting up tents for camp in a long siege whilst some were out hunting and others were in the forests cutting down trees for building siege machines and weapons to attack the castle whilst some building a long plank to walk across to the castle. The rest were gathering water and provisions from the conquered town. All were busy with tasks whilst the officers were sitting together in a meeting with Lord Richard, all were sharing ideas in making plans for the time before the next day when they'll begin the siege. After the short meeting with their Lord, some of the officers called for their engineers and tasked them to build trebuchets and catapults to keep the defenders occupied until they can ready their wooden bridge. From then they'd ready their battering ram to breach the main gate at the castle front, then they'll be able to search the castle top to bottom, raid it of its treasures and then burn it to the ground. Preparation was the high priority for the Faolan army. Once his high tent was set up, Richard had his servants bring most of his treasures into the tent and set the place up as a living quarters for their lord himself before they went to help the others set up some more high tents for their officers and generals to settle into. By the time the camps were set up for the day, the sun was beginning to set down on the horizon. The fires were getting set up in small spots around the open areas of the camp and food was being provided for the starving warriors who worked hard enough, they then begun a celebration to commemorate their first victory on this great kingdom in the rich lands. Whilst the warriors were drinking together in celebration, Richard was standing by the outside entrance of his tent with a cup in his hand. He was thinking of Lady Snow White and how he was planning to have her husband and her father killed before he executed her as well and claim lordship over the kingdom. He stood for a long while taking sips of wine from his cup at a short time whilst his thoughts ran about his head and how much he looked forward to coming back home after his conquest. The next couple of days. Over those two days, the Valencian army was coming close to the battle grounds where the Faolan army were setting the siege into motion as the catapults launched boulders out towards the castle. The defenders and residents of the Castle did their best to defend the castle, with their archers shooting at the engineers working on the catapults and trebuchets. Only a few were picked off one by one which were only lucky shots in those two days but the siege raged on like a firestorm in the wide spread forests, but the bridge was almost complete as progress had been made and by the third day it would soon be ready for crossing the open moat. When the third day had come and the wooden Bridge was finally fixed up and ready for use, the two long lines of warriors raised the bridge and brought it to the open gap between the main land and the castle. Defended by their archers and crossbows, the lines of troops moved the bridge slowly and carefully at an easy pace for a while since the morning until they were close to the edge. They placed the bridge down and moved back when another couple of groups carrying a couple of logs approached and laid them in front of the wooden bridge for balance to move it over the other side. Soon the two groups started setting the bridge on top of the logs, using their weight they moved the bridge forward across the gap. With archers covering their movement at a slow pace. For hours they moved the bridge closer to the edge with no one stopping them. On the outer wall Butcher was watching the bridge's end which was getting close to the broken end, seeing that he'll have to do something he went to the other side and grabbed a crossbow before he shot a bolt at one of the workers at the bridge side, knocking him down. Taking cover he hid behind one of the pillars as arrows buzzed past his position, he knew well that the war would be over soon enough. When he turned around with his loaded crossbow, Butcher fired another bolt at a commanding officer on horseback which took him down when an arrow flew into his arm. Butcher fell back when the arrow hit him and he collapsed on the ground, grunting in pain. Grimm and Chuck came up to the wall when they saw him lying on the floor wounded, they went out in the open as arrows came flying in the open, risking their lives. They continued across the wall until they reached their friend and dragged him to the other side. They were only a quarter away when Grimm got hit by a couple of arrows to the chest and he fell down. Only Chuck was left to bring Butcher out of the open and into safety, which he did by the time the bridge was set down and in place for crossing over to the other side on the hill. The soldiers gave a cheer of praise for their success on laying the new wooden bridge down on the hills edge. Richard de Faolan was mounted on his horse when he witnessed the bridge being laid out and smiled for its success, now that the first part of his plan was all set. With the first part done he turned to his general, who nodded in agreement to set the second part of the plan in motion at once. After his general rode off, Richard turned his horse to face his army affront. \"Warriors of de Faolan, soldiers of the shadow. Behold the passage way to victory and I say let us take it as ours, break down the doors and enter the castle. spare the king himself but don't let the rest live. understood my warriors?\" the soldiers gave roars in unison as an answer to their lord. \"So take no prisoners except the spoils of war, take what treasures you find in the castle and let my will and action be done, hail Faolan.\" Richard said as the soldiers replied. \"Hail Faolan!\" together a few times before their leader turned back to the castle. Drawing his sword out, Richard then swung it in the air and out forth in a signalled gesture for charge. The first few lines made the charge across the fields, taking the battering ram with them. In full speed they brought forth the battering ram the bridge and crossed over. When it was well across the bridge, they brought it to the front doorway before they started bashing on the door with the ram. At the other side of the door, defenders were gathering what forces they have left together to make a last stand movement against the invaders when the sound of a horn was heard outside in the distance. The soldiers at the battering ram stopped to see where the sound of the horn came from, they turned to the rear when they saw that source of the horn sound and found a line of warriors standing in the hill part. Prince Alcott's and Snow White's whole army was standing on the hill, each row of warriors were coming behind and lining up together to form a rectangular force. Coming up to the head of the lines of soldiers side by side, Snow White and Prince Alcott had gained a glimpse of the dark army standing in the distance before them and were bewildered. In a short few seconds, the soldiers of the dark army turned to face the direction of the army standing and waiting to march. Snow White and Prince Alcott lingered for a short while before Alcott regained composure and turned to look at his general, he passed on orders to his mounted officers and generals, giving them parameters for a battle plan. Snow White turned to face the front line of their army before she spoke. \"Arise warriors of Valencia, and be of good hearts on this day. By this end our noble prince will have a grand victory, because we have been blessed with the symbol of hope by the king of heaven himself.\" The men looked to her listening to her words with their confidence and attention on her as they stood waiting on further orders. Alcott then turned to join his wife's side before he spoke out; \"We're all in the hands of Heaven itself, so I say let us ride forth and save Snow White's kingdom and its people, for God's heaven and Valencia!\" A loud cry of praise arose from the army of thousands of warriors, who raised their weapons in unison before the great prince and the princess. Both Snow white and Alcott turned back to the front and paused for a moment to draw their swords as de Faolan's army turned around to face their enemy and his newly formed dark army before them in a last confrontation to decide the fate of the whole kingdom. Suddenly with a loud commanding voice Snow White and Alcott gave the order; \"Charge!\" Soon the frontlines of soldiers followed their Prince Alcott and his wife, who began riding forward. All charging forward onto the fields to open battle, Faolan's army then moved forward to meet the charging forces before they collided. Sword on shield and sword and metal, the battle began to grow high on the fields. The whole battle went on for long, warriors battled and fallen by each other's weapons. Snow White was moving her way through the battlefield, dispatching the Faolan warriors one by one whilst so many of Alcott's soldiers fell as well when they reached the middle of the field where Snow White met with the dark lord Richard de Faolan, who saw her in plain view of the distance. Charging directly towards her, Richard clashed her sword with the lady Snow on horseback. Snow turned her horse before she charged towards Richard who turned his horse as well and the two clashed swords together, beginning the mounted duel. They exchanged clashes of swords and blows for a short while before Richard quickly managed to knock her sword away to deal a sword thrust point into her right shoulder, Snow White wailed in agony at that moment. Falling back, she slid off her saddle before landing with her back to a body on the ground, which broke her fall. Prince Alcott was at a short distance away in the field as he saw his forces now advancing on the enemy, he thought victory was at hand when he heard his wife scream in agony, he turned to see her fall off her horse. Satisfied at wounding Snow White, Richard dismounted from his horse and walked towards her, his sword point on her. \"You should have taken my offer to be my wife, at least the kingdom would be yours again.\" he said. \"Unfortunately I would have jumped off a cliff on the wedding night before you took me for yourself.\" said Snow. \"That could be arranged! but now it is too late for you. so I will give your father my regards when you see him, and say his son in law failed to save you from my blade.\" Richard said before Alcott came forward and shouted. \"Do you want a bet?\" When Richard turned he saw Alcott's fist come right into his face, sending him staggering after that blow to the face. Alcott drew his sword before he engaged in a heated duel with Richard. The Battle went for a while long, Richard and Alcott exchanging solid hits and blows before Richard disarmed Alcott. Richard kicked him back on to the ground, and walked towards him whilst he raised his sword to deal a fatal blow on the Prince. He laughed at Alcott as he approached him whilst he staggered to get away, he spoke. \"Well one thing is for certain, Prince Alcott.\" \"Yes, and what is that?\" asked Alcott, hesitantly. \"I have always fought with the best challengers and still won my battles.\" Richard said. He swung his sword down when Snow White tossed her dagger over to Alcott, who caught it before he blocked Richard's death blow mid swing and drove the blade of the dagger into his side directly into the heart. Richard's eyes widened at that blow which left him in shock. Looking down to his side he found Alcott's hand at his side, Richard looked up to Alcott as pain stung at his side and he realised that Alcott had dealt a blow into him, killing him at that moment. He gave a hysterical laugh at Alcott before he spoke. \"I think I might have been mistaken.\" Groaning in a sharp pain, he staggered backwards and turned whilst pulling the dagger out. Dropping the dagger onto the ground, Richard stood for a few seconds before falling to his knees while Alcott watched him, he was joined by Snow white, who was wounded but she watched her tormentor go down and fall to his side, succumbing to his death. Soon after his death, Alcott and Snow white stood together as most of the forces under command of the late Lord Richard de Faolan were retreating whilst some of them stayed to submit their surrender to Prince Alcott's army. One of the generals was among those who surrendered, but the general and most of his men were giving praise to the prince Alcott for killing Lord Richard, saying. \"Hail, Lord Alcott, the wicked tyrant is dead!\" the general's men chanted this for a short while of the day as the castle gates were opened up and the townspeople bore witness to the victory of their saviours. The king himself went outside his doors as well when he heard the chants and he saw Prince Alcott's banner flying in the sky. It was then that he was relieved to know that his prayers were answered and that his kingdom and his people were saved. A week after the battle was over and victory was won by Snow White and Prince Alcott, the king supervised the wedding of Brighton and Margaret which had come to pass, the two were married before the whole kingdom with Baker Margaret's friends as maids of honour whilst the Prince's manservant Charles Renbock took the role as the best man. For his bravery and devotion to the kingdom and his people, Prince Alcott decided to reward him by offering him the title of Lordship in the city of Phelan. Brighton was surprised by the offer given to him, but then decided to decline the offer, choosing to lead a simple life with his new wife in the country rather than be a lord of a whole city in the realm. So Snow white suggested that the title should be passed onto Half pint, who has proved himself worthy of the title. Honoured to be given the title of Lordship, Half-pint accepted it with a promise to the Prince, to rule its city wisely with kindness and compassion. After all was said and done the wedding day, the King held another ceremony in Phelan within a week and a few days after the wedding day. The people of the city of Phelan came forth to to witness the proclamation of their new lord as they were overjoyed with the news of the tyrant Prince's death and the kingdom was free. On the say of the Ceremony, Half pint stood before the king who spoke out. \"By the power invested within of the kingdom of Phelan and in the name of all that is good and just in this land, I hereby declare thee Half-pint the new Lord of the city.\" Placing his hand on Half-pint's shoulder, the king declared and appointed him the first common Lord of Phelan, the people of Phelan gave praise to him as the new leader who will bring their city to its former glory again. Turning to face the people of Phelan, Half-pint spoke his true words before them, declaring that with their help he will make Phelan a grand city for girlfriend carol-Anne was most happy for her love, who came to her and asked her to marry him When she accepted his proposal, he smiled whilst the crowds cheered for the newly engaged couple. Afterwards on the same day, Snow white was present as she congratulated Half-pint for this great honour which he thanked her, Prince Alcott came forward to congratulate him on his newly appointed statue, which he replied with a small joke, saying he'll be king soon enough and a friend of the city's lord. Snow white laughed before she spoke. \"Oh and Half pint, I hope that you'll come to our kingdom soon enough.\" \"I will try to make it as soon as I can settle into my new responsibilities, why?\" \"Well because, Alcott and I will be expecting a child soon and we'd like you to be the god father.\" Snow white confessed, Half pint was thrilled enough that he accepted the honour. With all notions of war and suffering behind them, the Kingdom of Phelan thrived into a new era under the leadership of Lord Half-pint who governed the kingdom with his friends and council. The rest is only another story yet to unfold ever after. Well that's the end of the story as I've now done all that I can, so please tell me what do you think of this chapter and leave a comment of what you think of the story of Snow white and the dark suitor. ","Summary":" This is another one of my stories which i've decided to write up. We all know about Snow White's ev"},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"Leila, the Dark Night","Author":"xXButcherLoverXx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8340283","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Once upon a time, in a kingdom far, far away, twin girls were born. Their skin was pure as snow, their hair was dark as night. They called them Leila and Snow White. Probably because that was the most portentous names they could come up with. As fate would have it, and Leila and Snow White's mother died in child birth. Left on his own, their father spoiled the young girls. He could afford to of course, he was the king. The king loved his daughters and all his subjects loved him. The kingdom was a happy place, where people danced and sang, day and night. Apparently, no one had a job back then, just singing and dancing all day and all night. But I digress. The King raised the little girls, by himself, grooming them to one day lead. But over time, he realized there was some things he couldn't teach her. So he sought out a new queen. This queen was the most beautiful woman in the world. She was intelligent, and strong, and just to clarify, she was me. And this is my story, not theirs. Bewitched by my beauty, the king begged me to marry him. I was everything to him. The stars. The moon. But a dark magic invaded the land. The brave king bid fair well to Leila and Snow White, leaving the eldest one of his most precious sword and his youngest his favourite dagger. Both rather interesting gifts, but more on that later. He rode off into the dark woods and sadly, was never seen again. Leila and Snow Withe searched for their father, and when they realized the was truly gone, they were devastated. The girls were now left under the care of the beautiful queen. Ten years passed and both Leila and Snow White grew older and blossomed. But the queen realized if she wanted to remain the most beautiful woman in all the land, well snow and night had to do what snow and night do best. Snow would have to fall and night would have to disappear… I sigh as I make my way towards Snow's room, today is our 18th birthday and we were hopping that the queen, and our stepmother would allow us to go out today. I walk into Snow's room and watch her open her window. I close the door and walk towards my sister. She looks over her shoulder and smiles at me. \"Morning Lei, happy birthday!\" I pull my younger sister into a tight hug. \"Happy birthday, Snow! I still can't believe we're 18!\" \"I know!\" Snow giggles. I pull away and look at my sisters attire. She is wearing pink and green silk flowery dress, while I'm wearing a blue dress with white sleeves that just flare out. A blue bird with colourful wings suddenly flies into the room, landing on her chair. \"Good morning.\" I say lightly to the bird. \"Hello there. Would you like a treat?\" Snow asks. The bird chirps. She picks up a slice of apple and picks the seed from it and fed it to the bird. \"Here you go.\" Music from the great hall catches the girls attention. \"Oh, I think the party must have started.\" I mumble quietly, wishing we could be there. \"We should go down. I mean, we're now 18.\" Snow says. \"I'm not sure Snow…\" I say, wondering how our stepmother would react. \"Oh, come on! Let's go see.\" Snow grabs my hand and we make our way downstairs. I snicker as the Barren speaks about marriage to the queen. Commenting on how it would save her from being in debt. I don't know how anyone would want to marry that wicked old witch! \"Any busybodies caught rumouring, gossiping, whispering… Or even thinking shall be put to death.\" She says, making a royal decree. \"How does that sound?\" She asks Brighton. I roll my eyes. \"How stupid could you get…\" I mumble quietly. Snow giggles in front of me. \"It's decisive.\" Brighton says. We hid behind a pillar and try to watch the game but, as fate had it. \"Leila? Snow White?\" We turn towards our step mother. \"Is there a fire?\" She asks, quietly. Both me and Snow look at her confused. \"I'm sorry?\" I ask nervously. The Queen beckoned us over. We walked over and sat in front of her. \"Are your bedrooms on fire?\" She asks us again. \"Because I'm searching for an explanation as to why you two would be out of your bedrooms and in here. And my first guess was fire.\" \"I thought maybe we could come to the gala…\" Snow quietly says in a hopeful voice. \"You know? Because today's, our… Eighteenth birthday.\" I smile beside her, hope shining in my eyes. \"Is it now?\" The Queen gives a face smile and grasps our hands. \"My, oh, my!\" She says in a fake excited voice. She quickly takes her hands away. \"E to F5 please!\" She says, focusing on her game. \"Maybe it is time I ease up on you two. After all you've done nothing to me. Caused no problems, and yet, there's something about you two that is just so incredibly… Irritating. The slumped shoulders?\" We both straighten up. \"The hair? Your voices?…\" I glare up at her. \"I know what it is! I think it is your hair!\" She says as she grabs a lock of my hair, pulling me towards her. \"I think I hate your hair\" She lets go and I pull away. She forces Snow to look at her by grabbing her chin. \"I don't care if it's your two's 100th birthday. Don't ever sneak into a party like this again.\" \"B to F6.\" The Barren says. The Queen lets go of Snow's chin and turns her attention back to the game. \"C to D4!\" The piece moves accordingly. \"Barren, you've been beaten for the past for the past 5 minutes and didn't even know it.\" Gun shots go off and Snow jumps beside me. The court people clap for the Queen's win. The Queen looks down at us and grabs our chins, making us look up at her. \"It's important to know when you two have been beaten. Yes?\" The queen pats our chins before shooing us away. We get up and walk out of the court hall and instead of going back to our rooms we make our way down into the kitchen. On our way down we pass the bells that alert the maids to when they are needed. Snow gently strokes the one that leads to our Father's room. I sigh sadly and grab Snow's hand, pulling her into the kitchen, I look around and notice all the girls on one side of the room. \"Happy Birthday Leila and Snow!\" Katie is holding a plate with two cupcakes on it. \"You remembered.\" Snow comments. \"Of course we remembered!\" Margaret says as she grabs our hands and pulls us towards the girls. \"A girl's 18th birthday is the most important birthday of them all.\" Snow and I grab hands and close our eyes as we blow out our candles. The girls clap and get back to work. Margaret takes us over and sits us down. \"Do you want to know what I wished for your birthdays Leila and Snow?\" \"You can't make a wish for us.\" I say softly. Margaret was always more like a mother to us then our stepmother. \"Do you know why I continue to work for that wretched Queen, year after year. I do it because I know it that one day, you two are going to take back your kingdom and I want to be here when that happens.\" \"It is not our kingdom…\" Snow says sadly. \"Oh! But it is! Your father meant for you two to inherit his crown and rule together. And that woman has the entire kingdom convinced that you two are pathetic shut-in's, incapable of leaving the castle.\" Margaret grabs two bundles and places one in Snow's lap and in mine. \"The worst is that she has you two thinking it.\" Snow carefully opens her bundle, she picks up our Father's dagger, cleaned and polished. I open my bundle and it reveals Father's sword, looking new and shiny. \"Your Father's dagger and sword. I had them cleaned up and polished.\" Margaret says. \"Thank you.\" I say softly as I turn the metal over in my hands. \"What would I do with this?\" Snow asks as she looks the dagger over. \"Perhaps you need to see for yourself what goes on in your kingdom. The people don't sing and dance anymore. They need to see who you two really are. And the two of you need to believe.\" She smiles at us before going back to work. Snow and I quietly make our way back up to our room's. Our gifts hidden from prying eyes. Please R&R;! Let me know how I've done... (-.-)[Chapter 2] I close the door behind us as we enter Snow's room. She goes over to her window and looks at the town across the lake. She looks at me. I nod and quickly run to my room, grabbing my dark green cloak. I make sure Father's sword is by my side before I make my way back to Snow's room. I find her coming out with a gold cloak. We quickly make our way downstairs and enter the gate room. \"We're going out.\" Snow states as we make our way up the stairs. \"Are they allowed to go out?\" One guard asks. \"I don't know… Are they?\" The other one asks. We pause in front of the doors. \"Okay… She's going out!\" The first guard states. They open the door and we put our hoods up. We walk outside and I stop to stare at the beauty of outside. I couldn't remember the last time I was out here. We quickly make our way across the courtyard and into the forest. We walk in silence, taking in everything as we follow the path. Just as we cross a small bridge I hear something. I stop. Snow turns to me. \"Are you okay, Leila?\" I look around. \"I thought I heard something.\" We both stop and listen. After a few moments of silence I heard it again. \"Hello!\" Both me and Snow look around trying to find the source of the noise. \"Anybody out there!\" I blink as I spot two men hanging from a rope… Half naked. Snow notices me staring and starts laughing lightly. We walk closer as the two argue. \"We were warned about what we might find in these woods, but…\" I trail off. \"I never imagined this!\" Snow says as she and I walk up, looking up at them. Snow giggles. \"Who laughed at us!\" The one without the shirt asks. \"We are in dire need of your ladies. We were ambushed by 7 dwarf-\" \"Blood thirsty giants!\" He shirtless man cuts off the other one. I raise an eyebrow, catching what the other one said. 'Dwarfs… Cool…' I thought to myself. \"Giants!\" Snow gasps. \"We were out numbered but fought bravely. But they cheated!\" Shirtless man says. \"Young ladies, if you would be so kind to help us out so the honourable princ-\" \"Prince embarrassment…\" The shirtless one interrupts again. I blink. 'Prince?' \"I am but a humble commoner. Now I order you to release us.\" \"Order?\" I ask. \"If you refuse, you shall suffer dire consequence.\" The shirtless one comments back. Snow bends down. \"Only… If you say please.\" \"Well, given the circumstances, sir, I think a please is in order.\" The other man says. \"Your right… Where are my manners… Please?\" \"That's all you had to say!\" I say. Snow walks over to the rope tied around the tree and brings out her dagger. \"No! NO! NO!\" The two men cry. Snow cuts the line and the two guys fall to the ground. They both rush to get up. I giggle as they look like fish flopping around. \"Can I help at all?\" Snow asks. The one guy turns around. \"Oh! Yes please.\" Snow quickly unties him. She turns to help the shirtless man but ends up face to face with him. For a while it's quiet, the two staring at each other. \"Um… Do you want some help with the rope?\" Snow quietly asks. \"Yes…\" The guy says with a shake of his head. \"Thank you.\" Snow quickly unties him. \"Sorry you had to see us in such a compromising position.\" He turns around to face us. \"We're going north.\" He says. I walk over to Snow. \"Oh, we're traveling south.\" I tell them. \"It's a shame.\" The shirtless one states, staring at Snow. \"Yes it is…\" Snow mumbles. They continue to stare at each other until the other guy clears his throat. \"I guess we must abide you a due.\" The two bow slightly and we head our different ways. I watch as Snow turns back to look at the men. She quickly looks back and pulls up her hood. I quickly follow her. Around 20 minutes later we enter the town. I look around at the towns people. A lot of them were wearing rags and it looked like they were very hungary. A little girl walks up to Snow. \"Excuse me… Do you have anything to eat?\" She asks. Snow sadly shakes her head. \"What happened here?\" I ask lightly. \"We visited once with our father… and it was a wonderful place.\" Snow says as she looks around. \"People always seemed to be singing and dancing.\" \"That must have been years ago.\" One lady says. Everybody turns when they hear the sound of a sleigh. Snow and I watch as it pulls up and Brighton walks out. Snow and I quickly put up our hoods and discreetly watch as Brighton nails something to a board. \"More taxes!\" A man asks. \"Good, you an read. Make sure they are collected in a timely fashion.\" Brighton says. \"What's she doing with all our money?\" One lady asks. \"Protecting you.\" Brighton answers. \"From what?\" The man beside her asks. \"Must I remind you of the brutal attacks we have suffered.\" Brighton says. \"He speaks of…\" The lady from earlier trails off. \"The Beast!\" The crowd gasps. \"Yes. Evil lurks in the dark woods. More hideous then you could imagine. The only reason it hasn't gorged itself on all of you is because your tax dollars are hard at work. I'll be back tomorrow for the money.\" Brighton states as we walks back to the carriage. Snow and I share a glance, we quickly make our way out of the town. We run through the forest, quickly making our way back to the castle. We quickly enter the kitchen entry. \"Baker Margaret! Baker Margaret!\" We both cry as we rush into the kitchen, throwing off our cloaks. \"Margaret! It's worse then you could ever imagine!\" Snow cries. \"You saw the town!\" She asks us. \"Yes! It's horrible!\" I say. Margaret quickly pulls us into a hug. \"The Queen has destroyed everything our father believed in!\" \"She's even taxing them more as we speak, even though they have nothing!\" Snow cries. \"That's to pay for all her lavish parties.\" Margaret explains. \"She's throwing another one tonight. For a prince.\" \"A prince is here?\" Snow asks as we pull away. \"And you two… It's said he has a army.\" Margaret says. \"Well… Maybe he could help us.\" I say. \"If he truly has an army… Then maybe he can help us take back the kingdom.\" Snow says with a small smile. \"My goodness, you two have had quite a day.\" Margaret says with a smile. \"You're gonna have an even bigger night.\" \"Really?\" I ask. Margaret nods. \"The two of you are gonna crash that ball.\" Me and Snow look at each other, wide eyed. We've never been to one of the Queens ball. I glance at Snow. She's dressed in a beautiful white feathery dress with white wings and wearing a hat with a swan on it. As for me, I'm wearing a white dress that fades out to black near the bottom. I have a black belt underneath my bust and I have white and black cat ears on my head. We walk through the crowd of people, looking for someone who could be considered a prince. \"Her Majesty the Queen!\" Someone suddenly announces. We follow everybody and move to the side of the room. We bow with everyone else. \"His Royal Highness, the Prince of Valencia!\" Snow and I share a glance. Snow and I quickly find a spot just as the music starts. Snow and I turn around, I find myself staring at a guy with a giant beak covering half his face. I glance over to my sister and see her with the half naked guy. 'What is he doing here?' \"You.\" He says. \"You!\" Cries Snow. \"You're here.\" He states. \"I-I am. I'm here.\" Snow states the obvious. \"But… You're the Prince?\" Snow asks. I roll my eyes and bow to my partner. \"I'm sorry. Seeing you in this dress has caused me to lose my words.\" The Prince stammers. I giggle. He looks in my direction and blinks when he recognizes me. \"Well, at least it doesn't cause you to lose your pants.\" I snicker. I put my hand up and we walk in a half circle. \"She means, when we met you first, you weren't wearing pants. Sorry about her.\" The guys walk behind us, getting ready to shift partners. \"Well, at least now you're dressed… Up…\" \"Like a bunny.\" I snicker. I turn around to face my new partner. This one has a donkey on his head. \"Apparently it's a rabbit.\" The Prince corrects. I look over and notice that he didn't change partners. \"Something about trickery and enemies and cunning.\" The Prince explains as everyone bows to their partners. \"Oh, ok…\" Snow trails off. \"I look like an idiot.\" \"Yes, a little bit.\" Snow laughs. \"No. A lot.\" I correct. We all share a laugh. Our partners turn us around. \"So, what are you two…\" \"Doing in the palace? Um…\" Snow trails off, unsure of how to answer. \"We live here. We have for a while, actually.\" \"We're kind of the princesses.\" I clarify for the Prince as the guys walk behind us again. \"What? You didn't tell me that.\" The Prince says, surprised. \"You never told us you're a Prince.\" Snow counters. I turn around and find myself staring at a frog man. \"I feared I looked ridiculous… Said the Prince in the bunny hat.\" We all giggle. Snow finally notices that they haven't changed partners at all. \"Aren't we supposed to be changing?\" \"Yes, I believe so.\" The Prince twirls her around and dips her, causing Snow to step on his foot. \"I'm so sorry!\" Snow cries. \"No, no, no, it's okay.\" The Prince assures. I turn around but Snow and the Prince don't. \"Forgive me.\" Snow says softly. \"No, forgive me.\" The Prince says. I turn around and find myself staring at a guy in huge antlers. Snow finally gets to the point. \"The truth is, I didn't just come here to dance tonight. I need your help.\" Snow states. \"Anything. I'm at your disposal.\" The Prince says. I smile, the two are perfect for each other. \"It's the Queen. Ever since our father died, she's terrorized the people and ruined the land. And we're hopping that a good-hearted Prince like yourself would…\" Snow trails off. I look to where she was looking and find the Queen looking at us. \"We have to go.\" I grab Snow's arm and lead her out of the Hall. We jog out into the hallway and find ourselves being grabbed by two guards Another chapter done! Please let me know how I did! Please R&R; (-.-)[Chapter 3] They lead us up to the balcony and the Queen closes the curtains. She turns to us with her hands on her hips. \"You sneaky little tarts. What were you two doing, talking to my Prince?\" The Queen asks. \"Your Prince?\" I question. 'Isn't she a little old for him?!' \"And where did you two get such a dress?\" She asks, looking over us. \"Do you want to talk about our dresses or what you did to the village?\" Snow snaps. \"Good for you, Snow White! Someone's been taking their confidence pills, hmm?\" Snow looks away. \"Do it again. Say it again.\" Snow remains quiet. \"Come on. Oh, you're no fun! Brighton, you do it.\" \"Do you want to talk about my dress or what you did to the village?\" Brighton says in a bored tone. \"Not irritating enough. Come on. Say it again. Be more irritating, more infuriating. Hmm?\" \"Do you want to talk about my dress or about what you did to the village?\" Brighton says in a high voice. \"Actually, you're both irritating.\" The Queen says. \"We've been there. We've seen what you did to the people.\" I state. \"You two left the castle grounds? Wow. Leila and Snow White, breaking all the rules today, hmm?\" I curse under my breath. \"That's a punishable offence, you know.\" \"By whose law?\" I question, taking a step forward. The guard grabs me, making me step backward. \"You have no right to rule the way you do.\" Snow says, tears in her eyes. And technically, we're the rightful leader of this Kingdom.\" The Queen takes a deep breath. \"Probably not the best thing you could have said just there.\" The Queen says. The Queen waves her hand and the guards take us up to our rooms. I stumble as they shove me in, locking the door. I take a deep breath, trying to stay calm. I look around, hoping to find something to help me get out and grab Snow. I quickly fetch my sword from my closet, wrapping it in some white cloth. I strap it to my back, hoping my hair will hide it well enough. The door opens a little while later, Brighton steps in. He closes the door behind him and makes his way to me. \"Okay, listen closely.\" I nod. \"The Queen wants the two of you dead.\" My eyes widen. \"What?!\" Brighton shushes me. \"She want's you two dead, I'm suppose to take you out to the woods and feed you to the beast. But… Your father was always so nice to me and I'm going to set you two free. Alright?\" I nod. \"Um… I gotta tie you up.\" I turn around and he ties me up with a rope. We walk outside and I find a guard outside Snow's room. Another guard walks out with Snow in front of him, tied just like me. The two guards escort us to the front gates. Brighton leads us deep into the forest. \"Just let me go.\" Snow pleads. \"I swear you'll never see either of us again. \"You think I want to be here? You brought this on yourself. \"Neither of you should have upstaged the Queen, and now we're both paying the price.\" Snow must not have been told what Brighton was going to do for us. \"Stop.\" Brighton says suddenly. Snow and I stop. Snow turns to him. \"Brighton, please.\" Snow tries again. \"Turn around.\" Brighton orders. We hear rustling in the trees, something roars. \"Please. Brighton, I'm afraid.\" Snow sobs. I stand still, trying not to draw the beast's attention. \"I don't want to die like my father did.\" \"Your father was a good man. He was always very kind to me. In return, I shall give you one small piece of advice.\" Brighton starts cutting the rope around Snow's hands. \"Run. Run as fast as you can and as far away from here as possible.\" Brighton quickly cuts the ropes around my hands. \"Just run.\" We both turn to face him. Suddenly a branch snaps. \"Like this. RUUUUUUUUUUUUN!\" Brighton turns around and starts running back to the castle. Snow and I look at each other before we pick up our dresses and start running in the opposite direction. Snow and I manoeuvre through the trees. Behind me I hear a sound, I look behind me and find Snow laying on the ground. I end up running into a branch because I wasn't looking where I was going. I look and find a sign right underneath it. 'NO entry over 4 feet' it said. I barley registered the door before I blacked out. Slowly the fog clears from my head and I start opening my eyes. I open them fully and find myself staring a bunch of dwarfs. There is a cute one with a cowboy hat on and one with a wolf skin on the second floor. I look down and find another dwarf but this one was eating something and he is wearing a beret. I look to my right and find one with a flyers cap curled up next to Snow, who was still out. I hear chuckling from above me and look up, this one was wearing a top hat. I hear mumbling beside me and I glance over and watch Snow wake up. \"Their awake.\" I look over and see two more dwarfs, one with a soldier helmet and another with a pirate hat. \"Who are you?\" Snow asks weakly. \"We ask the questions here. Who are you two?\" The soldier one asks. \"I'm Leila and this is my sister Snow White.\" I answer. They all gasp. \"That's not possible.\" The soldier one states. \"Leila and Snow White's are deceptive trolls.\" The cute one with the cowboy hat says. His words hurt. \"Yeah. They keep her locked up in the tower.\" The wolf one says. \"Maybe this is a different Leila and Snow White.\" The one who was eating earlier says. We all stare at him. \"It's not such uncommon names.\" \"If you're Leila and Snow White, then…\" The one in the pirate hat trails off. \"…Who's your father?\" \"The King.\" Snow answers. \"They are Leila and Snow White, see?\" The one in the beret says. \"I say never trust anyone over for feet.\" The cute cowboy states. \"Yeah.\" The wolf one says as he slides down a poll. \"Let's drag them back out to the woods and pretend like we didn't see nothing!\" \"No, you fools! Their princesses.\" The soldier one says. \"That means their valuable.\" The one in the top hat says. \"We should hold the girls up for ransom.\" The wolf one inputs. \"Their worth gold.\" The cowboy says with a small smile. \"Maybe we should get to know them first.\" The one in the flyers hat says, staring at us. I sigh and sit up. \"You won't get any gold for us. They want us dead.\" I state. \"The Queen sent us out here to be killed by the beast.\" \"Why would the Queen want you two dead?\" The cute cowboy asks. \"Cause she's a ugly tramp.\" I mumble. That got quite a few laughs, even the cowboy cracks a smile. \"Because she's wicked.\" Snow says from beside me. The dwarfs agree. The cowboy slams his fist into a board behind him. \"Sorry, but we have an appointment to keep.\" He slides down the pole. \"So it's time for girlies to shuffle along.\" He says. Snow sits up. \"Oh, wait! You can't just kick us out.\" \"Yes they can, it's their home.\" I say, rolling my eyes. \"We have nowhere else to go.\" Snow finishes. \"Look. If the Queen finds you here, she'll kill us, too.\" I glance around the room, not wanting anyone to get into our mess. \"All I'm asking is to spend one night. Please.\" Snow pleads. \"Huddle!\" The soldier one announces. They huddle and all begin talking at the same time. Snow and I share a look. Suddenly they break apart. \"Tough luck, your Highnesses.\" The cowboy says. Snow and I look towards the others. \"Sorry, Leila, Snow White. All votes need to be unanimous.\" The soldier explains. We all look towards the cowboy. He looks and finds us all staring at him. Snow puts on her puppy eyes and I shrug when he gives me a glance. He throws down whatever he was eating. \"One night.\" \"Thank you.\" Snow and I say. \"Come on, guys. Duty calls.\" They all make there way towards the door. \"Wait! We don't even know your names.\" I say. The cowboy looks at me. \"I'm Butcher.\" He says before leaving. \"Will Grimm.\" The soldier on says. He seemed to be the leader of the group. \"Half Pint.\" The one wearing the flyers hat says. He gives us a wink before following the other two. \"Napoleon.\" The one in the pirate hat gives us a bow. \"Grub.\" The beret one says. \"Chuck.\" The one in the top hat says. \"But you can call him Chuckles.\" Grub says. Chuckles laughs. The wolf one walks up. \"And I'm Wolf.\" He suddenly howls. Both Snow and I blink. We look at each other when the door closes behind Wolf. \"Well, what do you want to do?\" I ask Sorry for the late updates everyone! I've been camping for the past couple of weeks and no electronics allowed... :( Anyway, Hope you like! (-.-)[Chapter 4] While the guys are gone Snow and I clean up a little and have dinner ready for them when they get back. We just finish placing it on the table when we hear them outside. Butcher is the first one in but he doesn't notice us yet. \"Nothing like an honest day's work.\" Half Pint announces as he walks in. I watch as they all seem very happy about something. \"Beats working down a mine.\" Napoleon says as him and Grub walk in. Chuckles, Grimm and Wolf walk in. Chuckles drops something on the floor and they all crowd around. I snicker when no one notices the food on the table. Snow finally clears her throat and they all turn to stare at us. \"Welcome home.\" Snow simply says. They all stare at the food. Grub starts sniffing. \"Lamb. Carrots. Gravy!\" Grub says as he makes his way over. The others quickly follow. \"I say their keepers.\" \"Sure they are.\" Butcher says as he sits down. \"Thank you.\" Wolf says before he sits down. \"You're welcome.\" We say together. I look over to where they have dropped off their stuff and notice palace guard uniforms. I nudge Snow and point to them. Snow walks over with me following. \"Why do you have palace guard uniforms?\" She asks. \"We got them at work.\" Napoleon explains. \"What kind of job do you have?\" Snow asks. \"We're… Renegades.\" Butcher says. \"Rebels.\" Chuckles inputs. \"Thieves!\" Half Pint says, not even trying to hide it. \"That's true.\" Grub says, agreeing with him. \"We stole the Queen's gold!\" I roll my eyes. The Queen deserved it. \"You broke into the palace?\" Snow asks. \"NO, we nabbed it outside the village.\" Half Pint explains. \"So you actually stole the people's gold.\" Snow states. I blink, I hadn't thought of that. \"Not exactly.\" Grimm says. \"Yes, exactly!\" Snow exclaims. Snow checks the bag and sure enough it's the people's gold. \"That's the people's money! Why, that's terrible. They need it. You must return it.\" \"We worked hard for that money.\" Butcher says. \"Stealing isn't work.\" Snow states. \"Sure it's work!\" Half Pint exclaims. \"It's hard!\" Butcher explains. \"I tore my shirt, had to sew it. That's work.\" Napoleon says. \"I'm sorry you got a few scrapes, but the townspeople need that money.\" Snow says. \"They hate us.\" Grub explains. \"Well, that can't be true.\" I say, finally joining in on the conversation. \"It is. They despise us.\" Wolf says. \"Years ago, when the Queen expelled all the 'undesirables'… No one stood up for us.\" Grimm explains. I stare at them all. \"She said…\" Grimm couldn't finish. \"Banish all the Uglies.\" Half Pint finishes. \"You've been mistreated by the Queen.\" Snow states. \"No one understands that better then us.\" I say. \"It's unfair, but so is stealing from innocent families.\" \"We weren't always thieves.\" Wolf says. \"We were legitimate.\" Half Pint announces. \"With real trades.\" Grub inputs. \"I was a teacher.\" Grimm tells us. \"I was a butcher.\" Butcher says. I blink. 'Butcher was a butcher… Wow…' \"And I ran the pub. A good, honest job.\" I raise and eyebrow at Half Pint. \"Honest?\" Chuckles asks. \"It was almost honest.\" Half Pint proclaims. \"I stole a little.\" \"A little?\" Wolf asks. \"It's a cash business!\" \"That's you excuse?\" Grimm asks. \"Hey, everybody does it, all right?\" Half Pint states. \"I didn't.\" Napoleon says. \"Neither did I.\" Butcher says. \"Uh, you put you thumb on the scale!\" Half Pint exclaims. \"I did not!\" Butcher says. \"Did too! And you cheat at poker!\" Half Pint says, pointing at Napoleon. Snow looks at me. I recognize that look, she bends down, grabs the money and quickly makes her way out. I look at the guys, all arguing at the table before quickly following my sister. Just as I close they door I hear Butcher yell. I quickly dash after my sister. Snow looks around as the door opens and they all rush out. As we enter the town I look behind us and find them a ways back. We quickly run to the magistrates office and Snow places the townspeople's gold on his desk. His eyes widen. He grabs the gold and tells us to follow him outside. \"My friends,\" He says to the townspeople. \"Our money has been returned!\" He says as he holds up the bag. The town cheers. \"It was brought back to us by…\" He ushers us over. \"These two young ladies, tell us your names.\" \"I'm…\" Snow begins. I hear yelling and look over and see the dwarfs. \"By those men there!\" I say, cutting off Snow and pointing at the guys. They all stop and stare at me. \"Those men… They're the ones that brought back the gold. The Queen told you that they were undesirables, but she lied.\" Grimm gives me a confused look. \"These brave men are the true heroes. They fearlessly raided the Queen's caravan and… And retrieved your gold. They're the ones that really deserve your thanks.\" I say and begin clapping. Snow quickly joins in and soon the entire townspeople are clapping for them. When the townspeople are finished thanking them we make our way back to the tree. Once we arrive Grimm tells us to wait inside. We walk in and Snow and I share a look. \"What do you think is going to happen.\" Snow asks. \"I don't know Snow… We did take the gold.\" Snow sighs. A moment later they all wake in and stare at us. \"You two can stay.\" They all say. Snow sighs and sits down while I smile. \"But we've got conditions.\" Butcher says. \"If you're going to live with us, you have to be one of us.\" I nod, knowing they meant a thief. But Snow being the naive one of us didn't get it. \"I have to be a dwarf?\" Snow asks. I snicker at my sister. \"No. It means you have to be a thief.\" Napoleon explains. \"I feel I've been clear about my thoughts on stealing.\" Snow says. \"What if you were stealing from the Queen?\" Wolf asks. \"You said yourself she's wicked.\" Grimm says. \"And an ugly tramp.\" I mumble. They all chuckle. \"Somebody has to stop her.\" Half Pint explains. \"Why not you two?\" Napoleon asks. \"Why not us?\" Half Pint says, referring to us and him. I raise an eyebrow as the others stare at him. \"I mean us.\" Half Pint now says, referring to everyone. Snow stands up. \"But this time I have conditions.\" Snow says. \"Whatever we steal goes back to the people.\" Snow states. The guys all nod. \"Minus a small commission.\" Butcher says. \"Butcher!\" The guys all exclaims. \"Fine. But they don't know the first thing about thieving!\" Butcher exclaims. Grimm takes a step froward. \"Then we'll teach them. We'll teach here to believe.\" Snow and I look at each other. \"We shall start early tomorrow morning, alright.\" Me and Snow nod. Everybody gets ready for bed. Half Pint, Chuckles, Wolf and Grub head upstairs while Butcher, Grimm and Napoleon stay downstairs. Snow and I lay down on the rug, where we first woke up this morning. I close my eyes and darkness consumes me. Two in one day! Awesome! Plez R&R;! (-.-) ","Summary":" Once upon a time, in a kingdom far, far away, twin girls were born. Their skin was pure as snow, th"},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"Hazel : The Ultimate Disaster Fanfic","Author":"Opel Vectra","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13172318","Passage":"[Chapter 1] July 482… Arthur (aka Wart) met Merlin and his owl Archimedes… When Merlin turned Arthur into a squirrel, Wart also met a squirrel girl named Hazel who had a huge crush on him… Unfortunately, Hazel's heart was broken when she found out that Arthur wasn't a squirrel… And our squirrel girl also dated another squirrel from what people from 21th century call a racing video game… Some sort of game where you are racing in a horseless chariot, a flying machine or some strange boat… The game was called \"Diddy Kong Racing\" (it has medieval circuits), the squirrel's name was Conker and he dumped Hazel for another squirrel girl called Berri… December 482… Arthur became king of England… Hazel found out and went to find Arthur, Just after Conker dumped her, she followed Wart to England when he was Kay's squire and the squirrel girl had a plan for making Arthur her mate…[Chapter 2] While Arthur was thinking about what Merlin said about what a motion picture was… (Just like television, without commercials…) Hazel was sleeping somewhere in Merlin's lab… Archimedes \"Hey! Wakey wakey! Merlin doesn't want any animal in his lab except me! Get out! Shoo!\" Archimedes found her and Hazel fall into a box full of magic powder… Hazel \"Oh please Mr Owl… I mean no harm…I'm just a squirrel and… I can talk?\" Archimedes \"Yeah, you have fallen into making-talk powder… The same Merlin used to make me talk… Anyway, what are you doing here?\" Hazel \"I… I'm looking for a boy…\" Archimedes \"A squirrel boy?\" Hazel \"No… A boy…well… The one that was with you…and your master…\" Archimedes \"You must be talking about our king… Arthur…\" Hazel \"Is he king?…\" While Archimedes was talking to Hazel, Merlin arrived with Arthur and slammed the door on Hazel… Arthur \"We were wasting our time Merlin… Today, we were supposed to study the French revolution that will happen on 1789…\" Merlin \"Yes indeed lad… But today, you were meeting your father in law and King of Cameliarde Leodegrance…\" Arthur \"Father in law?\" Archimedes \"In other words, you just met Princess Guinevere's father… You're gonna marry her very soon…\" Arthur \"Marry her? But I haven't met her yet…\" Merlin \"This wedding will have an important impact on your reign and your legacy… Cameliard and Britain are going to be united…\" Hazel \"Wedding?\" As Merlin, Arthur and Archimedes were discussing, They saw a ginger haired girl behind the door… The girl was actually Hazel who accidentally drank a human turning potion… Merlin \"Excuse me young lady… What are you doing here?\" Hazel \"I'm…just a maid… I was just cleaning…\" Arthur \"I don't think I've ever met you before… You must be new…\" Hazel \"Yes… I'm new…\"[Chapter 3] 12pm, At the round table, Arthur, his knights and Hazel were eating… Arthur's POV: \"That's weird… That maid reminds me of someone… But who?\" Merlin's POV: \"I've never been so humiliated… King Arthur prefers being with that…girl Instead of going to meet Guinevere… \" Hazel didn't know how to use a fork and a knife so she learned to do so thanks to the king… She almost succeeded about eating spinachs, one of them landed at Merlin's face… Caradoc and Percival were the first to laugh at Arthur's teacher… Hazel \"Oh I'm sorry about that mister wizard sir… I didn't mean any harm…\" Arthur \"It's all right Hazel…\" Merlin \"Hazel? That does it! Arthur…erm…your majesty, We need to talk… It's about your future\" Arthur \"That Guinevere girl? Who cares? She's 10 years older than me! Now if you excuse me… I must help Hazel clear the table…\" Merlin \"Clear the table? Are you kidding me?\" Arthur went with Hazel to the kitchen with every dishes while Merlin distracts the other knights dressed as a jester… Merlin's POV: \"What a humiliation…\"[Chapter 4] London, 2pm, Arthur and Hazel were walking and chatting together… Arthur was showing her Abbey Road, that road will be extremely famous thanks to some minstrels of the 20th century… Suddenly, a black knight came from nowhere and kidnapped Arthur, Hazel rescues Arthur again as she bite the black knight's leg… The black knight immediately retreats… Arthur \"Thanks for saving me Hazel…\" Hazel \"You're welcome your highness… \" Arthur \"Just call me Arthur… But tell me… You're the squirrel girl that was harassing me many months ago are you?\" Hazel \"Well… Yes… \" … \"[Chapter 5] Many hours later, Hazel became more mature about finding a mate and considered as Arthur's second best friend behind Merlin… After Merlin's class… Hazel \"That was amazing…\" Arthur \"Yes…I can't wait to study about the 21th century…\" Arthur and Hazel were walking in the corridors when they heard a conversation between Lancelot and Princess Guinevere… Guinevere \"Lancelot, you blithering imbecile! How could you let Princess Guinevere wait in the streets like that! You were supposed to kidnap Arthur so I can save him!\" Lancelot \"But Milady… It was that…maid… She bite my leg I had to recover…\" Guinevere \"You're the worst black knight ever! I'm gonna marry that king Arthur and takeover the throne even it's the last thing I'll do!\" Hazel \"I don't think so…\" Lancelot \"That's the maid!\" Guinevere \"With the king! Get rid of them Lancelot!\" Lancelot \"He's our king! I can't just kill him like that…\" Guinevere \"Fine, I'll take you down first!\" Before Guinevere can take Lancelot's sword to stab him, Arthur disarms her and kicked the princess in the moats… Arthur watched \"Enter the Dragon\" with Merlin when he was at Sir Ector's castle… Guinevere is then arrested for her crimes against King Arthur by her dad Leodegrance and Lancelot became the royal janitor of King Caradoc and King Percival… Indeed, Arthur and Hazel went to 2018 to begin their romance as some details have changed… For example: The Squirrel girl was portrayed by Eric Idle in \"Monty Python Holy Grail\" and by Julia Andrews in a musical play called \"Camelot\"… As for Merlin, learning that Arthur changed the future, the wizard retired and went to live at Madam Mim's cottage and they made wizard duels to choose who's doing the chores of the day… Archimedes wrote a screenplay of his own movie \"Highly Educated Owl\" featuring Owlivia Newton John and Ebuho Estevez… THE END ","Summary":" July 482… Arthur (aka Wart) met Merlin and his owl Archimedes… When Merlin turned Arthur into a squ"},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"This Rose has thorns","Author":"Enternal Tweeter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8623737","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just so everyone knows i have edited all my chapters with the help of my BETA LittleLottie187, Thank you so much! oxox Now I hope you like the story :) Once upon a time a baby girl was born to the king and queen and as fate decided the queen dies during child birth. This baby girl was named Snow White, a spitting image of her mother. What stories do not mention is that Snow White had an older sister; her name was Iris Rose Avalendes. Her hair was the darkest shade of brown that at first glance looked black, her skin was clear and light brown, proof of her Latin heritage. Her hair was brown and slightly wavy and silky to the touch. Her eyes the most striking shade of green that shone brightly and they were the only proof that she was her father's daughter, that and the rose-like birthmark that she, Snow, and the king all shared on their left shoulder. You see, Iris was not the biological daughter of the queen. A year before Snow was born and a few months before the king met his queen, he had a friend. She was stunning and had the biggest heart in the kingdom. She and the king were quite close and one night they showed how much they loved each other. However, the morning after the king found out that she had disappeared in the early hours of the morning. He sent search parties to look for his childhood friend but it was no use, she was gone. Once he met Snow White's mother he forgot all about Angelica Avalendes, but dear Angelica never forgot him. She had a permanent reminder of that night and she didn't regret it one bit. Years past, the king re-married and disappeared when Snow was eight-years-old. Her step-mother was as wicked as they come; she prohibited Snow White to leave the castle and had her locked in her room for ten years. Throughout these ten years the kingdom had turned into an icy land of cold summers and death threatening winters. The people of the kingdom were all deprived and famished and the children were pleading for money so they could eat. The wicked queen would raise the tax prices just so she could afford to pay for her lavish parties. The malevolent queen was poor you see, she spent all her money and now she was stealing from others to provide her every want and impulse. Iris's mother died when she was only nine-years-old, so Rosa had to live in an orphanage ever since. It has been ten years and the sisters still don't know that either exists. That is, until one day... \"Iris, I got you this flower,\" said a cute little girl while looking down and holding out a beautiful lily towards me. \"Oh my, Helena, this is beautiful. I love it,\" I replied as I took the flower and gave the little girl a big hug. And put the flower in a small vase on her night stand. I then turned towards Helena and said, \"Now let's go down for dinner. Everyone should be sitting down by now.\" I held the little angel's hand as we walked downstairs and as we were about to enter the dining room a loud 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY' startled both Helena and I. Today was my 19th birthday! I completely forgot it was my birthday! It has been ten years since I have been living in this orphanage with Helena and the several other children, including my best friend Jay. Jay is five years older than I am and has been like a big brother to me ever since I have been here and he also owns the orphanage now. \"Oh my gosh, you guys,\" I tried to say because I was on the verge of tears because no one has ever celebrated my birthday before. All the children were now sitting at the table with me at the head of it while Jay was on the other end. There were 8 children in the orphanage all together: Katrina, 13 Brian,9 Oliver, 12 Helena, 5 Lilly-Mae, 3 Josh, 4 Plus Jay and I All of the children considered me as their mother and Jay their father. Jay was African-American who had a lot of muscles and he was also very sporty. For some reason Jay would make exercising as a chore to do two hours of physical movement each day. The man was a health nut, but we all loved him. He taught me how to use a sword, a sling shot, and hand-to-hand combat. I preferred to wear men's clothes instead of dresses since they were easier to move in and more comfortable. \"Iris, we made you this card,\" Josh said in the adorable baby way most four-year-olds do. \"Aww, thank you Joshie,\" I said and then I gave him a kiss on his for head and read the card out loud. \"Dear Iris, happy 19th birthday. We have a surprise for you; do you remember the stories you used to tell us about your mum and how you never met you dad, but he was a king to a faraway kingdom? Well it's those stories that got us through all the hard times; how you would describe your mother and the things she would say and do. Remember the time you told us about your dad, you said, 'my mom and I were just fine without him, I'm sure he's happy and that's all that matters. You should never wish ill of the people you don't even know or if you don't understand the situation' you are very wise and your advice has spoken to each and every one of us. You are our sister, our mother, our doctor, our teacher, you are there when we're sad and you're there to scold us if we do wrong. That is why we owe you something .\" I let a few tears run down my face before I looked into the envelope of the card. A carriage ticket. My mouth opened wide and I looked up to see everybody smiling at me and urging me to continue to read the rest of the note. \"We wanted to thank you for everything you've done for us these past few years, here is the ticket to get a carriage ride to a castle not far from here. The kingdom is ruled by your father.\" Jay came over to give me a hug as well as all the children. \"We wish you happiness and the best of luck\". That night I packed my bag with all of my belongings and everything that I needed. A music box my mother gave me, a necklace that my father gave to my mother, the card the orphans gave to me and a dark red cloak. After I was done packing, I descended down the stairs when all the orphans ran up to me. \"Come back soon!\" one kid shouted out. \"Don't forget us,\" said another kid as they attached themselves onto my legs. \"We love you,\" Helena said as she looked up at me with her big, round eyes. \"I will be back as soon as I can and I could never forget any of you. I love you all so much,\" I said to all of them and hugged them and gave Jay a big hug and kiss on the cheek. \"If you need me send for me,\" Jay said as he looked me dead in the eye. \"I will,\" I promised him and smiled one last smile at them before I got into the elaborate carriage. 'I'm finally going to meet my father' I thought with nervousness, not knowing what was going to happen to my future.[Chapter 2] I edited this chapter because I wasn't very happy with where it was going and i got this really great idea so I hope you like it :) IMPORTANT! I'm thinking about writing a fanfiction for all the dwarfs since fanfiction is lacking in many stories involving them. SO tell me what you think in a review, should I? Shouldn't I? Can't wait to read your reviews xoxox I decided to send the carriage to the castle without me once we arrived in the woods. Apparently my uncle is the advisor of the current queen and I will be living there with him. And sadly, my father, who I have been waiting to meet my entire life, has been missing these past few years. Obviously I refused to believe it at first, but slowly on my way here I realized that I barely knew the man so why am I getting so worked up? Maybe it was because we shared blood and I have an actual blood relative, but my mind was so busy with all my thoughts going at once. With that thought in mind, I told the guard to leave me in the woods. The guard furiously shook his head and warned me about the giant bandits that stole off random people passing through the wood. I simply rolled my eyes at him because of his childish beliefs and told him that I would be fine. I hopped out of the carriage before he could say anything and ran between the snow covered trees. My first thought of this place was that I was in a fairy tale. This place is too gorgeous! I have never seen snow to be so pure and soft. The snow barely makes a sound as I travelled along the snowy path and towards the kingdom, which was not far from the edge of the forest. All of the sudden I heard a series of grunts and frustrated yelling, so I followed the sounds which lead me to a very entertaining sight. Two men were hanging upside down from a piece of rope and they were both half-nude. They were like a couple of fish trying to escape from a net with the way that they were flapping about and trying to get free. I stopped and stared for a couple of second, not believing what I was seeing. After a few more moments I couldn't take it anymore and collapsed on the ground. I was unable to stop my laughter and rolled around in the snow like an animal. Both of the men turned to me, well they tried anyway, and sent very heated glares my way. \"If looks could kill...,\" I whispered breathlessly to myself once my laughing had subsided. \"Please young maiden, set us free from these ropes\" The small redheaded one asked politely. I was about to do so when the other, and admittedly more attractive, of the two spoke. \"GET US DOWN NOW! WHAT ARE YOU DOING STANDING THERE? YOU DARE LAUGH AT ME?!\" the attractive and rude one yelled at me. Because of his impolite comment, I continued on my way towards the castle, not bothering to look back at either man. \"WAIT! INSOLENT WOMAN! ARE YOU DEAF? GET US DOWN!\" the rude one continued to shout at me. Oh dear lord have mercy... How can he yell so loud without halting for a single breath? Did he treat women like this on a regular basis? I spun around quickly and walked back towards them. \"Only if you say please,\" I told them and I waited for the magic word. However, I only got a 'Get me down!' So I quickly left the two men because of their disrespect, but not before blowing them a kiss and a wave. These are the kinds of men I hate, the loud and spoilt ones. As I continued my way to the castle, I could have sworn I saw a couple of...Dwarfs? Enter a tree? I shook my head and told myself that I must be going crazy. I blame it on my newly found uncle popping out of nowhere and entering my miserable life. Finally I'm at the edge of the forest and right in front of me is a majestic castle. The palace was gold and white with a large, frozen pond beneath it. I made my way to the entrance to find a tubby man a few inches shorter than me. Yes, I am small, so what? The pudgy man had on royal garments and his face was kind. Once I saw his relieved smile gave me a feeling I haven't felt in a long time, not even with the orphans. \"Hello Uncle Brighton, I am Iris Rose Avalendes but you can call me Iris\" I told him and then bowed formally at my uncle with a kind, yet polite smile on my face. Suddenly arms latched themselves around my waist and I looked down to see my uncle hugging me fiercely, a few tears running down his face. \"I'm sorry Iris; I denied your existence these past years because I felt my sister had betrayed me. Now I look at you and I see my strong sister. She raised you well I see,\" He let go and looked into my eyes and then continued to say, \"You have your father's eyes too,\" he smiled warmly at me then wiped his tears. \"It's all right uncle, I understand how hard it must have been.\" I smile at him again and then he led me into the imposing castle. I saw a couple of guards at the door and gave them a warm smile and a small wave which they return. I had to grip onto my uncle's shoulder to stop myself from falling over in shock. This place was the most stunning thing I have ever seen, and the biggest. My uncle chuckles, \"That was my reaction when I first saw the palace myself too,\" he then leads me towards what I presume is the kitchen. We pass a few bells for the bedrooms and then I noticed my father's was all rusty and dirty. I couldn't help but trace my fingers over the grime and smile sadly. I turned around to see where my uncle had gone off to. \"Everyone, listen up please. I want you to meet my niece, Rosa. She will be working in the kitchen from now on and I hope you treat her well,\" I hear my uncle announce to the kitchen staff who had paused when he entered the room. I took a wobbly step forward; I was never good with talking to a large group of people. \"Hello everybody, I'm Iris and I hope we can all get along together,\" I replied and then curtsy to the staff. As I came up from curtsying, I see a woman around my uncle's age step forward. \"Niece? I wasn't aware you had one,\" She retorted to my uncle and then looked at me suspiciously. I unconsciously straightened up into a more aggressive stance, glaring at her. \"She's Angelique's daughter.\" After Uncle Brighton said that, everyone gasped and all their eyes turned to me with their mouths hanging out. My stance falters slightly as the pressure of their gazes intensifies. I gulp and take a step closer to my uncle. \"I take it you knew my mother\" I asked the staff members and looked at all of them. \"She was my best friend, a stunning and kind hearted woman. Actually thinking about it, you look a lot like her except...OH GOSH,\" one of the kitchen ladies gasped. My eyes, the exact replica of my father's my mother once told me. They were emerald green with a bluish ring around the pupil and also some specks of gold. \"Yes, Iris is, if you pardon my saying so, the bastard child of the king,\" my eyes narrowed a bit as my uncle said this. He continued to talk, \"But I trust you all to keep it a secret from the queen. As far as she knows, Iris is my niece who needs a job,\" Uncle Brighton told the staff. \"Why would you keep this a secret from her?\" I asked my uncle, confused because I thought he was close with the queen. \"Err...hm...Well... Rosa, you see...,\" my uncle looking around the room trying to find a n explanation. \"What he is trying to say is never mind why she can't know, she just can't. Now, since you will be working in the kitchen I need you to go to the town,\" the baker lady told me. The town? That's right, I haven't been there yet. Heck I only just arrived here. \"Rosa, your things are in your room. When you get back from shopping, a guard will take you there,\" my uncle told my and gave my arm a squeeze and left. \"Here is a basket; I need you to get these things on this list. That witch is throwing another ball tonight and I have ran out on all of the food that she wants us to serve,\" The woman stressed while shoving a basket and a list of food supplies into my hands while I tried to balance all of them in my hands. Ball? I wonder if I could get fabric from the town to make myself a dress, even if I am not invited I am know for crashing parties. I thought to myself that I would just have see what will happen next. I smile and head back into the woods and towards the town. I passed it on our way here so I'm confident that I can find it. As I make my way to the town centre, I can't believe my eyes. Children were covered in filth and then one little girl asked me for food. What was I supposed to do? Reject this starving child? My heart went out to her as I gave her an apple that I took from the kitchen and went further into the town. How can this happen? How could the queen of this village ruin it without feeling any guilt whatsoever? \"Excuse me miss, but what happened here? I was told it was a beautiful place,\" I questioned a middle aged woman who was holding an infant. \"The queen, she has destroyed our entire home and keeps raising taxes so we can't take care of our children,\" The woman replies and looks at the infant in her arms. \"Oh my! That's evil!\" I told her and I had to say good bye before I could cry. Uncle Brighton and the baker lady mentioned the queen, she sound like a truly evil person who did not care for anyone but herself. Truly selfish. I quickly buy the food I need and with one last look at the town, I made my way back into the forest. My baskets full of food for tonight's party.[Chapter 3] Thank you LittleLottie187 for being my BETA xoxox Hope you guys like this chapter After I got back from shopping, everything was a blur. Every single staff member in the palace was getting ready for the ball tonight. Whether that might be cooking or setting things up, nobody was sitting in a corner and twirling their thumbs around. Except Her Majesty of course. When I was trying to lend a hand in the kitchen, I was hoping to see my half-sister. I really never dwelled on the thought of having a sister before, but now that we are under the same roof, it was kind of surreal. Whenever I got the chance, I would try to ask one of the staff member's questions that I had about my sister. Was she nice? What was her favourite food? What did she look like and will she be at the ball? Most of the time people would wave me off and tell me to go work, but some kind people would answer my questions. \"Snow White is the most caring girl anyone has ever met. She has hair dark as night and skin pale as the moon. The queen does not allow Snow to come to the parties, but who knows tonight?\" a kind kitchen lady winked at me when she was answering my questions. She looked at me and then said, \"Okay, enough questions, back to work!\" After all that hard work, the ball room was gorgeous. Everybody cheered when we were finished and then left to go get ready themselves. My uncle gave me a reject dress from the queen because, in her own words, \"it looks like something a peasant would wear.\" I took some fabric that had tiger prints and other materials to make it look even more amazing. Once I was done getting ready, I looked into the mirror and sighed. I wished my mother was here to help me get ready. Once I was done primping, I walked out of my room, hoping to see my sister tonight. Even though I have already seen the ball room, my jawed still dropped after seeing everybody in it. It looked like something out from a fairy tale. Everyone was dressed up as some weird kind of animal and they all had masks, like it was a masquerade. Uncle Brighton said this ball was for the prince who will be staying here for a while and that the queen wants to marry him. I kind of feel sorry for the poor man. As I walked into the ball room, I bumped shoulders with a stunning young girl who had a swan on her head. \"Sorry\" we said at the same time. But before I could say anything else, she was running into the hall. I shrugged my shoulders and continued to walk on. \"Wait,\" someone shouted. The voice seemed familiar to me. Then I recognized the voice. Him. I turned around just as he bumped into me. \"Sorr- You!\" He exclaimed, \"Hey ass, who got you down?\" I smirked at him, enjoying this moment. \"None of your business, have you seen a girl with a swan on her head anywhere?\" he asked me as he was looking around, trying to find her. \"So what if I had? What would I get out of it? And why do you want to know?\" I asked him question after question. I noticed his eye twitching constantly. It was very amusing to me and I wonder if that was even normal. \"It's important,\" was all he said to me, and he did look like he was very serious about it. I sighed and decided to give the poor boy a chance. \"I have, but I'm not sure where she went. However I'll keep an eye out for her though,\" I said, deciding from the look he gave me that it probably WAS important. \"Thanks, I'm Prince Alcott,\" the rude man said. Ah, he finally introduced himself. So he was the poor man the queen wants to marry. Now I really do feel pity for him. \"Iris Rose, but I prefer Iris,\" I told him. \"Where are you from? You don't sound like you come from here\" He is referring to my Latin accent. I grew up in a place where Latin was the only language spoken. I only learned English when my mother died and I was sent to a completely different country, never to go home again. \"I come from a faraway place, where everything shimmers. The flowers only bloom for one month of the year, no one knows why, but it's beautiful.\" I smiled, thinking of my old home. \"Ah, sounds nice. Now if you'll excuse me Iris, I think the queen will kill us both if I do not go over there now,\" Prince Alcott said looking over my shoulder. I turn to see the queen glaring at us and I sent her a respectful smile. \"Till we meet again, Prince Alcott,\" I said to him as I bowed. I walk to the kitchen and out the back door and into the forest. It was too crowded in the ball room, plus...I saw some men were about to ask me to dance. I do not dance. EVER. As I was trekking into the woods, I remember that I should have brought my cape. It's too damn cold out here. Then my heels started to hurt my feet way too much. Okay, maybe coming out here was not my brightest idea. I was walking through the snow and kicking when all of the sudden I heard voices. Uncle Brighton's voice was the loudest one. \"You think I wanna be here? You brought this on yourself! You never should have upstaged the queen and now we're both paying the price.\" He was shouting at somebody. I could not tell who it was. I was about to move forward when he said, \"Stop.\" \"Brighton, please,\" a nice feminine voice was heard. I think I heard that voice before… \"Turn around,\" Uncle Brighton said. I let out a gasp, thinking he was going to kill the girl. Then suddenly I hear a terrifying growl. The beast. I heard the cooks talking about it, how the king was...killed...by this hideous beast. I also heard them talking about the queen, how wicked she was and that the beast belonged to her. \"Please Brighton, I'm afraid,\" the girl was now pleading to my uncle. You and me both sister. I was also afraid. But I knew I couldn't leave them, I needed to make sure they were safe. \"I don't want to die like my father did,\" the girl was now crying. Like her father? No way! My father was too! Does this mean…? \"Your father was a great man; he was always very kind to me. In return I'll give you one small piece of advice: Run. Like this.\" After he said that Uncle Brighton ran screaming like a girl towards the palace, but not before he saw me. \"Iris! What are you doing here?\" my uncle asked me when he was slowing down, with a worrying glint in his eyes. I cannot believe he left her in the woods. I didn't bother replying as I ran after the girl into the woods. I couldn't leave her here, not if there was a chance she was my sister. I ran after her but she disappeared. As I was about to give up when I saw her sprawled on the ground in a clearing beside a large tree. Gotcha. I scurried next to her and I knew couldn't stay awake much longer, it was too cold and I was too tired. I wrapped my arms around the girl to keep her close and warm. Before darkness consumed me, I saw an orange light and seven heads appear. Great, now I'm hallucinating.[Chapter 4] Happy New Year! Sorry for the long wait but i hope you like this chapter xoxox I wanted to thank my friend Emily for being my BETA, Thanks emily:) I woke up to loud whispering all around me. I stayed down for a few more seconds while trying to adjust to the room. As soon as the fog left my vision, I slowly sat up and looked around the room trying to figure where I was. What happened? Oh right. Uncle Brighton left Snow White in the woods to be eaten by the beast and then I went after her. She then fainted and I went to help her but it was so cold…and I was so exhausted. I turn to look to my left then my right; we were surrounded by seven little men. There is a really attractive one with a cowboy hat on, and I swear just looking at him had me fawning, and one with a wolf skin on the second floor. I turn my head down and find another dwarf, but this one was eating something that looked like bread and he is wearing a beret. I look to my right and find one with a flyers cap, who is curled up next to Snow, who is still out. All of the sudden I could hear chuckling from above me and I look up; this one was wearing a top hat. I hear rustling beside me and feel an arm graze against mine and I glance over and watch Snow wake up. \"They're awake,\" a voice declared by me. I look over and see two more dwarfs, one with a soldier helmet and another with a pirate hat. \"Who are you?\" inquired Snow as she sat up. \"We'll ask the questions round here,\" The one with the helmet said. 'Ok,' I thought to myself, 'I get this is their home, but there is no need to be so rude.' I rolled my eyes as I thought this. \"Who are you two?\" the helmet dwarf asked the both of us. Snow and I looked at each other as in 'you first'. Since I was still miffed at their rudeness, I did not want to answer first. Snow could tell that I was not going to answer first; she took the initiative to talk first. \"I'm Snow White,\" she declared, and all the dwarfs gasped at this. \"That's not possible!\" the soldier one exclaims. \"Snow White is a deceptive troll,\" said the hot cowboy. Deceptive troll? Really? Isn't that a little too harsh? \"Yeah, they keep her locked up in the tower\" said wolf boy. \"Maybe this is a different Snow White,\" the one with the beret said and everyone just looked at him. We all gave him a 'were you dropped on your head as a baby or something' kind of way. He put up his hands in a defensive way and said, \"It's possible.\" \"If you're really Snow White, who's your father?\" asked the one in the pirate hat. Now I really had to roll my eyes at that comment. There is only one Snow White in the kingdom and everybody knows who her father is, who is my father as well. \"The king,\" Snow answered. \"She is Snow White, see?\" the one with the beret pointed at her and smiled in an 'I TOLD YOU SO' kind of way. \"What about you?\" asked the cowboy. His voice was very gruff and he had looks to match. Not exactly my type considering I don't have a type, but I still felt oddly fascinated to this man. The others turned to look at me with confusion then recognition. I guess they forgot about me because they have a royal in their home. I noticed the one with the flyers cap was still staring at Snow White dreamily. I would be lying if I said I didn't feel a tad jealous that Snow White had admirers. \"I'm Iris Rose, but I prefer Iris, my father is also the king,\" I blurted out before thinking. Shit, I can't believe I let it slip. \"WHAT?!\" was heard from everybody, as they were trying to figure out if I was lying or not. \"That's impossible! I'm his only daughter!\" Snow shouted, looking jealous and confused. All righty, Snow's being a bit greedy. \"It's NOT impossible! Brighton had a sister who happened to be my mother and she and the king were friends. I guess one night they were both too caught up in the moment and just did it. My mum left once it happened, said it felt wrong because they weren't in love. She didn't know she was pregnant until a few months later. She came back to the kingdom once she found out she was pregnant, only to find my father had met your mum and so on and so forth,\" I explained with a wave of my hand like it didn't hurt to have a dad who didn't know you were born and I still felt abandoned. \"You're Angelique's daughter?\" asked the one with the helmet. I nodded, \"You knew my mother?\" I asked. \"Yes, now I think about it, you look just as beautiful as she did. She used to teach at the same school as me. She was such a wonderful woman, telling stories to the children and always baking things for them,\" he replied with a kind smile but then he frowned. \"I was never told she had a child, but she ran away\". \"Not even my uncle knew until ten years ago after the, *cough cough* accident,\" I gave him a sad was about to say something when Snow interrupted. \"So you're saying I have a sister?\" she asked, with emotions running across her face. She cannot keep a poker face if her life depended on it. \"Half-sister,\" I corrected her. \"This is ridiculous,\" exclaimed the hot one. Okay, I'm starting to re-think my liking to this man. All of a sudden, they all started talking at once, talking about my mother and the king. \"Wait!\" The one with the helmet shouted above all the voices and everyone hushed. He walked over to me and looked into my eyes. Suddenly his hand shot out to pull the sleeve of my dress over my shoulder to reveal my rose birthmark. My eyes bugged out of my head as he tugged down my sleeve, I was about to hit him but stopped when he talked. Snow and the helmet guy gasped. \"It's true, she bares the mark of the king,\" he declared while Snow traced her fingers over the rose. \"I say never trust anyone over four feet,\" the cowboy states. \"Yeah,\" the wolf one says as he slides down a poll. \"Let's drag them back out to the woods and pretend like we didn't see nothing!\" Now this guy was starting to worry me immensely. \"No, you fool's! They're princesses,\" the soldier one shouts. \"Well, technically no one knows I'm a princess\" I looked at him and shrugged. \"That means SHE'S valuable,\" the one in the top hat says and indicating to Snow. \"We should hold the girls up for ransom and tell the queen about Iris,\" The wolf one inputs. \"No! Please, I'll be killed! Also, she sent Snow out here to be killed by the beast! Why do you think I went out in the freezing snow?\" I looked at them desperately, pleading not to be sent out in the cold. \"Why would the Queen want you two dead?\" The cowboy asks. \"Have you met her?! She's loony, phyco…\" The dwarfs starting chuckling at my choice of words. \"And she's wicked.\" Snow pipes from beside me. The dwarfs agree. The cowboy slams his fist into a board behind him. \"Sorry, but we have an appointment to keep.\" He slides down the pole. \"So it's time for you girlies to shuffle along.\" He says. Snow sits up. \"Oh, wait! You can't just kick us out,\" she calls out urgently, trying to get them to change their minds and hearts. I felt kind of bad seeing how Snow no longer could go home; at least I had the orphanage. \"We have nowhere else to go.\" Snow looked so desperate that it broke my heart. \"Please, she'll kill us!\" Now, usually I'm not one for begging, but I'm not feeling very well and it's too cold for me to trek the two day walk to my home town. \"Look. If the Queen finds you here, she'll kill us, too,\" one of the dwarfs told us. I just realised how selfish we are being, so I slowly started to stand up. Oh wow, I only just realized how small I am as I stand up and my head just skims the ceiling. \"All I'm asking is to spend one night. Please,\" Snow pleads. As she says this, she grabs my hand so I can't go anywhere. \"Huddle!\" The soldier one announces. They huddle and all begin talking at the same time. Snow and I try to peer around and make heads or tails of them letting us stay here. \"Think they'd let us?\" I asked. Snow just sighed and the group suddenly separates. \"Tough luck, your Highnesses\" the cowboy says. Highness? I mentally smile. I like the sound of that. Snow and I look towards the others. \"Sorry Iris, Snow White. All votes need to be unanimous.\" The soldier explains. We all look towards the cowboy. He looks up and finds us all staring at him. I put on my famous puppy eyes and as does Snow. I saw this out of the corner of my eyes and smirked internally thinking that we really are related. He suddenly throws down whatever he was eating. \"One night,\" he holds up one finger and walks towards the door. \"Thank you,\" we said and I smiled at him as he passed. He just frowned and collected what looked like masks. \"Come on, guys. Duty calls.\" They all make their way towards the door. \"Wait!\" I exclaimed, \"We don't even know your names.\" The cowboy looks at me. \"I'm Butcher.\" Butcher? Fitting. \"Will Grimm,\" the soldier on says. He seemed to be the leader of the group. \"Half Pint,\" the one wearing the flyers hat says. He gives us a wink before following the other two. \"Napoleon,\" The one in the pirate hat gives us a bow. \"Grub,\" the beret one says while eating. Also a fitting name. \"Chuck,\" the one in the top hat says. \"But you can call him Chuckles,\" Grub says. Chuckles laughed. The wolf one walks up. \"And I'm Wolf.\" He suddenly howls. Both Snow and I blink. We look at each other when the door closes behind Wolf. \"Well, I guess we should talk?\" I said as I sat down beside her and crossed my legs, not bothering to be ladylike as it was just us. Snow nods, \"We should.\"[Chapter 5] I hope you guys like this chapter, thank you so much for the reviews it means alot to me:) Thank you aswell to my BETA Emily \"Okay, so let's talk. I'm taking it you want to know more about me and my mother?\" I asked rather hesitantly to Snow White. She nodded and sat facing towards me, but unlike me she sat in a rather lady-like manner with her hands folded in her lap. \"Okay, so first things first, my name is Iris Rose Avalendes. I have spent the past ten years in an orphanage because of my mother's death. I don't remember much other than seeing black smoke and then darkness.\" I looked into Snow White's eyes and saw pity starting to creep into her eyes. I cringed because I just hated being pitied and getting everybody's sympathy. After a long sigh I continued. \"I grew up in a distant land away from here where everything seems to sparkle and shimmer in the winter and where every colour of the rainbow and known to man is at every corner wherever you turn. The rain is very warm in the spring and it seems to refresh every living being there,\" I stopped while thinking of my birth land. I sighed again and continued on. \"My mother taught me everything that I needed to know and she taught me in all of the subjects. She trained me in mathematics to four different languages. She was super intelligent and was a great, caring mother. It was just us against the world since, well forever really,\" I smiled at Snow and she returned it. \"It wasn't until the accident did I really understand how much she meant to me. I realized I took her for granted and I will forever regret it. But if there is one thing my mother taught me, it was that regret was just a waste of your life and that I should spend less time regretting and more time helping others. When I arrived at the orphanage it was like a slap in the face, a new perspective of reality if you will. Everyone was terrified because the caretakers were so cruel. I remember the head caretaker; Mr Krane. He was a dreadful man and he would beat us all for the slightest thing. I used to get the worst though; you see this man hated mixed people. My mother was Latino while my dad, I mean our dad, was white. He thought I was an abomination. It wasn't until the new boy, Jay, turned up. Jay was just a few years older than me, and when he came to us, that was when things finally got a little bit better and the sun shined a little brighter. He was my only friend because the children were scared that if they were my friends, then Mr Krane would beat them. We used to talk to each other all the time and when the other children bullied me, he stood up for me. One night Mr Krane hurt me like he never did before. I was just used to the beatings and would never shed a tear. However, on this one night he was downright furious. He beat me with his cane and his belt and created long bloody gashes all over my back and torso. I shrieked and Jay was there in an instant,\" All of the sudden I heard loud sniffling and I looked up and I saw Snow almost bawling. I gave her a sad smile to try to comfort her. \"Don't worry it gets better. You see, Jay is a very tall and a muscular man. He may have been fourteen at the time, but he sure as hell could have past for an eighteen- year-old. He punched Mr Krane in the face and kept beating him until I shouted for him to stop. At this point Mr Krane was out cold and was covered in blood. Jay picked me up and took me into the town towards the doctor. Not long after we arrived, news of the beating had made its way through the town and guards were on their way to arrest Mr Krane. That's the last we ever saw of him and I'm thankful to have Jay not only as a friend but as a brother too. Since then Jay has been teaching me how to defend myself by using hand-to-hand combat and every weapon imaginable.\" I looked at Snow and saw her crying. \"I'm sorry you had to go through that. If we had known about you then you wouldn't have to have gone through all of that\" She continued to weep and hold my hand. \"No, no, no. It's not your fault, nor anyone else's. It's just the way things are and we have to accept them,\" I held her hand tightly and continued. \"The whole reason I'm here is because last week was my 19th birthday and the orphans thought of a great party and got me a carriage ticket. Jay now owns the orphanage and takes great care of all of us. When I arrived I met my uncle, well half uncle I guess. He and my mum were half siblings kind of like we are. When my uncle first heard about me, he didn't want to have anything to do with me. I guess it was because my mom never told him about me and left without a word. I also met that handsome but irritating Prince Alcott when I first arrived in this town.\" When I mention the irritating part she laughed. \"I don't know about irritating, he seemed quite charming to me,\" She defended him with a dreamy look in her eyes. I snorted while rolling my eyes, \"Only because you're you, sweet and caring. I on the other hand, decided not to get him down in the woods after he insulted me and proceeded towards the castle. Though I do feel bad leaving the man he was with there.\" \"That was you?! He mentioned you when I let him down, he said some weird woman was rude to him and didn't let them down,\" Snow said. \"Only because he was rude!\" I defended myself. \"And weird?! I'll show him weird the next time I see him!\" I fumed. Snow laughed and stood up, bringing me up as well with our joined hands and we walked into the kitchen. \"I guess we should make them dinner now, y'know because they helped us and all,\" I suggested to Snow, while getting all the meat and vegetables I could find onto the table ready to cook. Snow agreed and we got to work. I showed her how to make a lamb stew and I even taught her how to make shapes and animals using the left over vegetables. I told her the children always loved it when I made it for them to dunk into their stew. A few hours later after tedious work, we were finally all done. We had just laid the table when the door was roughly opened and seven excited voices filled the cottage. Butcher is the first one in but he doesn't notice us yet as he sets something down. \"Nothing like an honest day's work,\" Half Pint announces as he walks in. I watch as they all seem very happy and excited about something. 'What did we miss?' I thought to myself. \"Beats working down a mine,\" Napoleon says as he and Grub walk in. Chuckles, Grimm, and Wolf walk in. They all start talking at once, moving things around in the bag. I heard the sounds of coins and instantly knew what they did, but I knew Snow was going to find out soon so I didn't bother saying anything. I snickered when no one noticed the food on the table then I cleared my throat and they all turn to stare at us. \"Welcome home,\" Snow simply says while holding herself in a regal manner. They all stare at the food and Grub starts sniffing. I couldn't help but compare him to the hound dog we used to have when my mum was alive. \"Lamb. Carrots. Gravy!\" Grub says as he makes his way over. The others quickly follow. \"I say their keepers.\" \"Sure they are.\" Butcher says as he sits down. \"Thank you.\" Wolf says before he sits down. \"You're welcome.\" I smile brightly at him then turn to the hungry dwarfs. Man, they're worse than the orphans! Once again I look over to where they have dropped off their stuff and notice palace guard uniforms. I nudge Snow and wave for her to follow me. \"Why do you have palace guard uniforms?\" She asks. \"We got them at work,\" Napoleon explains. I snorted, but covered it with a cough. \"What kind of job do you have?\" Snow enquires, having not noticed my snort. But unlike her, the dwarfs noticed and Butcher glared at me. I just winked at him and stuck my tongue out. What? I grew up with a bunch of children! Don't judge me! \"We're… Renegades,\" Butcher says while giving me death glare. Why does he hate me so much? \"Rebels,\" Chuckles inputs. \"Thieves!\" Half Pint says, not even trying to hide it. I had to laugh at his straightforwardness. \"That's true,\" Grub says, agreeing with him. \"We stole the Queen's gold!\" I roll my eyes. He's such a child. 'Coming from the girl who just stuck her tongue out at Butcher?' I thought to myself. \"You broke into the palace?\" Snow asks, almost in disbelief. \"NO, we nabbed it outside the village,\" Half Pint explains, like it made the situation better. \"So, you actually stole the people's gold,\" I state, finally deciding to join the conversation. \"Not exactly,\" Grimm says. \"Yes, exactly!\" Snow exclaims. Snow checked the bag and sure enough, it has the people's gold inside it. \"That's the people's money! Why, that's terrible. They need it. You must return it,\" I told them, trying to get them to see reason. \"We worked hard for that money,\" Butcher says, not giving up this fight. \"Stealing isn't work.\" I state, glaring at him. I've grown bored of this conversation and it's true that the people need this gold. \"Sure it's work!\" Half Pint exclaims. \"It's hard!\" Butcher explains. I just role my eyes and creep towards the sack of money, giving Snow a look saying stall them. \"I tore my shirt, had to sew it. That's work.\" Napoleon says. \"I'm sorry you got a few scrapes, but the townspeople need that money,\" Snow says. I nod in agreement and am about to leave but then I heard something that stopped me instantly. \"They hate us,\" Grub explains. \"Well, that can't be true; from what I've seen, MOST of you are too nice to be hated,\" I stressed the word 'most' and gave a pointed look to Butcher. I'm not sure why but I'm enjoying how annoyed and angry he looks, makes him look hotter, more-WHAT? Wait! No! I mentally shake my head and tune back into the conversation at hand. \"It is. They despise us,\" Wolf says while looking dejected. \"Years ago, when the Queen expelled all the 'undesirables'… No one stood up for us,\" Grimm explains. I stare at them all. \"She said…,\" Grimm looked around and couldn't finish. \"Banish all the Uglies,\" Half Pint finishes. \"You've been mistreated by the Queen; No one understands that better than me,\" Snow stated. \"It's unfair, but so is stealing from innocent families,\" I admonished, looking at them. \"We weren't always thieves,\" Wolf says. \"We were legitimate.\" Half Pint announces. \"With real trades.\" Grub inputs. \"I was a teacher,\" Grimm tells us. \"I was a butcher,\" Butcher says. I blink. 'Butcher was a butcher….Ok..' \"And I ran a pub. A good, honest job,\" I raised an eyebrow at Half Pint. \"Honest?\" Chuckles asks. \"It was almost honest,\" Half Pint proclaims. \"I stole a little,\" while gesturing with his hands. \"A little?\" Wolf asks. \"It's a cash business!\" Half-Pint shouted to defend himself. \"That's you excuse?\" Grimm asks. \"Hey, everybody does it, all right?\" Half Pint states. \"I didn't,\" Napoleon says. \"Neither did I,\" Butcher says. \"Uh, you put your thumb on the scale!\" Half Pint exclaims. \"I did not!\" Butcher says. \"Did too! And you cheat at poker!\" Half Pint accused, pointing at Napoleon. \"You cheat at poker?\" Butcher questioned Napoleon. I knew then we had to leave, so I took Snow's hand, the bag of money in my other hand, and legged it to the town. I heard Butcher yell and ran faster, but poor Snow was not used to this started to slow down. So I did what any big sister would do, I lifted her onto my back, with a squeal on her part, and ran as fast as I could. As we enter the town, I look behind us and found the dwarfs a ways back. We quickly run to the magistrate's office and Snow places the townspeople's gold on his desk. His eyes widen. He grabs the gold and tells us to follow him outside. \"My friends,\" He says to the townspeople. \"Our money has been returned!\" He says as he holds up the bag. The town cheers. \"It was brought back to us by…\" He ushers us over. \"These two young ladies. Tell us your names.\" \"I'm…\" Snow begins. I hear yelling and look over and see the dwarfs. \"By those men over there!\" I say, cutting off Snow and pointing at the guys. They all stop and stare at me. \"Those men… They're the ones that brought back the gold. The Queen told you that they were undesirables, but she lied.\" Grimm gives me a confused look. \"These brave men are the true heroes. They fearlessly raided the Queen's caravan and retrieved your gold. They're the ones that really deserve your thanks.\" I say and begin clapping. Snow quickly joins in and soon the entire townspeople are clapping for them. I smirked at the dumbfound dwarfs as they are given hugs and kisses and thanks. When the townspeople are finished thanking them, we make our way back to the tree. Once we arrive, Grimm tells us to wait inside. We walk in and Snow and I share a look. \"What do you think is going to happen?\" Snow asks. I honestly had no clue, kick us out maybe? Kill us? The scenarios varied. \"I don't know Snow,\" I sighed. A moment later they all waked in and stare at us. \"You two can stay,\" They all say. Snow sighs and sits down while I smile. \"But we've got conditions,\" Butcher says. \"If you're going to live with us, you have to be one of us.\" I nod, knowing they meant a thief. But Snow being such an innocent little thing didn't get it. \"I have to be a dwarf?\" Snow asks. I giggle at her innocents and sit down next to her. \"No. It means you have to be a thief.\" Napoleon explains with a small smile. \"I feel I've been clear about my thoughts on stealing.\" Snow says. \"What if you were stealing from the Queen?\" Wolf asks. \"You said yourself she's wicked,\" Grimm says. \"Somebody has to stop her,\" Half Pint explains. \"Why not you two?\" Napoleon asks. \"Why not us?\" Half Pint says, referring to us and him. I raise an eyebrow as the others stare at him. \"I mean us,\" Half Pint now says, referring to everyone. \"What do you mean us? I can't stop her\" I stated looking at Grimm since he seemed to be the one with all the answers. \"On the contrary Iris, you are the eldest child of the king. How old are you?\" He asked. \"I just turned nineteen,\" I replied somewhat cautiously. Suddenly all the dwarfs and Snow while gasped. I have never met a bunch of people who gasp as much as they do my god. \"That means you're at the age of succession\" Butcher said. \"What do you mean? That I will take the throne? Be serious!\" I scoffed at their stupidity. \"I'm just an orphan who has no idea of royal life. The only things I know are the things my mother taught me and how to take care of children. I'm a nobody!\" I shouted. \"We are being serious! Iris, you're not a nobody, what you told me earlier just proves how strong you are. You have been through so much but yet you still smile, you still laugh,\" Snow defended. I saw Butcher raise an eyebrow in a disbelieving way as well as the curious looks from the other dwarfs. \"Maybe, but how am I going to rule a kingdom?\" I asked. \"We'll help you, we'll help you become strong enough to over throw the queen\" Wolf says, smiling up at me. All the dwarfs agreed, even Butcher. \"Okay,\" I smile at them. \"But back to the topic before, we have conditions.\" \"Whatever we steal goes back to the people,\" Snow states. The guys all nod. \"Minus a small commission,\" Butcher says. \"Butcher!\" The guys all exclaims. I smiled at his antics and was rewarded with a smirk. Cocky bastard. \"Fine. But they don't know the first thing about thieving!\" Butcher exclaims. Grimm takes a step forward. \"Then we'll teach them. We'll teach them to believe.\" Snow and I look at each other. \"We shall start early tomorrow morning, alright.\" Snow and I nod and go to sleep on the mattress we awoke from this morning. My dreams where haunted by the kingdom and this evil queen, I knew I wouldn't sleep well tonight.[Chapter 6] First off this is not a new chapter! but dont click of yet! I'll be uploading the new chapter soon but i want to let everyone know i have changed Rosa's name to Iris. Why? Becaus i think its better than Rosa and it makes more sense because her full name is Iris Rose. The next chapter will be up in the next week or so:)[Chapter 7] My mum was driving the carriage; our two horses, Spring and Bloom, were trotting away on the muddy path leading towards our new home. I had my head on my mother's knees while she hummed a lullaby to me. \"Mama, where are we going?\" I asked her. \"To our new home, Nena,\" She smiled down at me before looking forward again. \"Oh, and where's that?\" I asked sitting up and looking at my mum. \"Oh Nena, it's a surprise for your birthday,\" My mum told me with a wink. \"Really? Mama please tell me!\" I pleaded to my mother and starting jumping in my seat. \"No Iris, it's a surprise. Now go to sleep Nena, we still have a long way to go,\" My mother laughed at my childish pleading. \"Okay,\" I pouted and laid on my mother's lap again and went to sleep. Suddenly the horses let out a loud shriek and got on their back legs causing the carriage to topple over. I heard my mum scream and I let out a scream of my own when I hit the ground. I screamed for my mum but I couldn't hear nor see her; black smoke was all around me and when I tried to go through it my eyes burned as did my throat. Blood started dripping out of my eyes and mouth but I continued to run, looking for my mother. \"MAMA! MAMI!\" I kept screaming for her, but nothing. I was suddenly overtaken with exhaustion and collapsed onto the ground. But not before I let out one last scream for my mother. ….…. I woke up with a start, the memory still clear in my mind. I felt cold sweat dripping down my face, my clothes sticking to my clammy body. Ugh. Disgusting. I definitely need to go and get some new clothes for myself, maybe some for Snow too. I looked around me to find Snow and the dwarves still sound asleep, all except Butcher. I stood up in the small cottage, which to be fair was not hard to do since I am only 5'1. I walked towards the window, noticing that it was snowing again. It always seems to snow here; it's like a forever lasting ice age. Suddenly, I heard grunting and some wood being chopped. I turned my head towards the sound and saw Butcher with an axe cutting some wood. Oh boy…his muscles rippled when he raised the axe and I only just collected myself before my knees gave way. Why did he have to be so damn hot?! He is such an ass, yet I can't help but feel so attracted to him. I kept staring at him while he chopped; I could feel the drool building up but was too entranced to notice. \"You have drool all over your chin,\" a voice suddenly said, making me give a strangled screech. Said screech happened to catch Butchers attention and he sent an annoyed glare my way before continuing with his chopping. \"No I don't Grimm!\" I whispered/yelled while quite blatantly whipping my chin. Oh, okay maybe I do. \"You like Butcher?\" He asked amused, raising his eyebrow. \"No I don't\" HA, even I could distinguish the lie in my voice. \"YOU DO!\" He pointed at me laughing. I couldn't help but to laugh along with him, Grimm seemed like the uncle I never had. \"Okay maybe I do, but please don't tell anyone,\" I pleaded to him. I can't say I actually like Butcher but I can't say I'm not insanely attracted to him. \"I won't, on one condition. You become queen and let us fight alongside you,\" Grimm requested with hopeful eyes, his brown eyes wide with excitement. \"It seems I have no choice in the matter anyways. After I heard what she did to you guys, I want to take down that witch bitch,\" Grimm laughed and patted my hand. \"You're a great woman Iris, just like your mother,\" He smiled and limped away. I just noticed he had a limp, but I am not one to pry so I ignored it and looked down at myself. Shit. That's the only thing I can think of when I look at myself in the mirror. My hair is now down and up to my bum in its usual bushiness; my dress has become extremely wrinkles and has left marks on my exposed arms and shoulders. This is what I get for wearing the same dress two days in a row. Sighing, I went over to the pump and started wiping the makeup of my face. Suddenly two small muddy hands shot out of nowhere and grabbed the cloth I was using. I looked down and saw Butcher wiping them on the cloth and he threw them back at me with a smirk. \"What's your problem?!\" I demanded, wondering why he did that. I have done nothing wrong to him. \"You're my problem, because you and your sister are here! We are in danger! You are going to get us all killed!\" Butcher yelled, waking up everyone in the cabin. \"BUTCHER!\" Grimm and Napoleon yelled. \"You're acting as if I want this, as if I asked for my dad to be a king! I can't believe I'm still here!\" I glared at him harshly and turned to walk out the door. \"Why are you here then?\" He asked, taking a few steps closer to me. \"I don't know! Maybe I want to finally have a family again, maybe I want to live my life and maybe I want a family of my own. I guess I just have to deal with the truth that it's never going to happen!\" I ranted once more and stormed out of there and towards the castle. I can't believe this. Why am I still here? I could be with Jay and my orphans, being a mother to them. I could be finding them families, never mind about my hopes and dreams. I continued my trek through the snow, once again reminded that I'm still in my ball dress. Suddenly the wind picked up and I was blinded by the snow. My eyes burned and my tanned skin was now rosy red from the cold. I kept it up until I reached the back door of the kitchen, slamming it hard as soon as I got in. \"Iris! Where have you been?\" was the first thing I was greeted with, my uncles arms wrapped around my shivering person. So…cold…so…tired. My vision became blurred and I felt my body float; someone was holding me and taking me to my room. I was too tired to open my eyes once I hit my bed, the warmth making me even more fatigued. \"Iris! Iris wake up! It's Prince Alcott!\" a deep voice rumbled and two large warm hands shook me. I groaned loudly, mumbling a 'shut up' before I felt a hand travel a little too near my southern region. That resulted in my bolting up and slapping the offender. \"OW! What was that for!?\" Prince Alcott exclaimed while rubbing the mark I left. \"Keep your hands to yourself boy!\" I scolded. \"Sorry, so did you find her? Snow White?\" he asked. You'd think he was a lost puppy whose owner had died or abandoned him. 'But should I tell him?' I thought to myself, trying to make a decision,' He might tell the queen though; god knows how far her magic reached. No. He can find out for himself'. \"No, I'm sorry,\" I said, putting on my poker face. \"Oh, but where were you these past few days?\" \"I was doing my own thing, which is none of your concern. If that is it then will you kindly leave my room?\" I have to admit I was being somewhat rude but I'm cold, I'm tired and I just want to get out of this damn dress! \"Ok, I'm sorry to have bothered you.\" He left my room quietly and I got out of my bed and headed towards my bathroom. I quickly had a hot bath and got changed into my nightgown which was made of red silk and white cotton. I hopped into my bed and fell back onto my fluffy mattress, staring up at the ceiling my mind went back to that argument with Butcher. Why did he have to be so cruel? I don't even know him well enough for him to judge. I know I'll have to go back soon, I have finally found my sister and I don't intend to leave her any time soon. Sigh. Why did life have to be so difficult? God really is punishing me. Tomorrow I'll head back to the woods and apologise to the dwarves for running away. I should also give Snow a few of my clothes that are too big for me. Yep, tomorrow is a new day and I'll just have to take it in stride, and ignore Butcher. ","Summary":" Just so everyone knows i have edited all my chapters with the help of my BETA LittleLottie187, Than"},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"Chronicles of the Sword in the Stone Book 1: Meet Hazel","Author":"sureshot9593","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9230444","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In Merlin's Study: Well, you've all finally made it to tea. Allow me to introduce myself; I am Merlin, the world's most powerful wizard, along with part time soothsayer and prognosticator but that isn't important at the moment. Please come, sit and enjoy yourselves. I'm sure the lot of you are here with the same question in mind: what truly happened after the event of Arthur pulling the sword from the stone? Don't be shy, I'm sure you're curious, and why shouldn't you be? Well, I can simply say that a lot happened, though there is more than you may expect. As a matter of fact, even I couldn't see something, or rather someone, like Hazel coming around. Who is Hazel you may ask? Well, that is where our story truly begins. Do enjoy. Chapter 1: The Squirrel Spring had sprung that fine day in the woods of the Forest Swarthy. The birds had finally returned after their long journey south and began to fill the thick wood with their merry songs. All of the woodland animals were coming out of their hibernation and surveyed the world with renewed vigor. The deer were out in the glen, quietly helping themselves to the fresh green turf grown tall due to the snow of the previous season. Tiny cottontail rabbits were hopping to and fro from hole to hole with joyous leaps. Even the treetops had come alive as multiple squirrels of all sizes and shapes skittered across the branches. What could stir such an assortment of creatures together, you may ask? It was quite simple really. Spring fever had taken them in full swing, and it was now time for the youth of this generation to seek out their future mates. It was a joyous occasions, and both the males and the females were doing all their tiny minds could think of to find the mates. However, there was one missing from the bunch. Up in a tall tree, within a knothole, one could see a tiny red squirrel. She was a fair creature with slim and petite features, and a dark red bushy tail behind her. She was incredibly appealing, and more than once this day has several young males attempted to make her theirs. Unfortunately, she would not be swayed, and they would eventually leave in defeat. This activity never went unnoticed. From a lower branch, she was constantly observed by another red squirrel female, whom was much more corpulent than she. She watched her for several hours as the squirrels went on with their courting rituals, and she observed how the young one resisted every suitor that approached. At last, when all the newly made couples had departed for their respective trees, she approached her. When she had at last reached her knothole home, the older female could see that she wore a long face of despair, and every now and again she would sigh dejectedly. She began to chatter at the youngling in an attempt to discover what the source of her displeasure was, but she received no reply. In truth, it was no mystery as to what had upset the young squirrel; as a matter of fact, the older one had witnessed herself what had caused it. One month before the hibernation had started, both squirrels had come to see two strange squirrels come to their forest, and both had sought to make them their mates. It had been a mirth-filled day in their lives, but it had ended badly when they realized that they had been humans all along. The older squirrel had taken it pretty well, for she possessed a great disdain and fear of humans, but the younger one apparently did not share her feelings. That day had filled her with nothing but confusion and sadness, both of which had never left her mind or her broken heart. The older squirrel squeaked at her a minute longer in an attempt to console her, but eventually gave up and went out in search of a mate of her own. The younger squirrel remained in her tree slightly longer, her tiny mind drawing back to that day. She had seen him as she was scampering across the trees, and she had been immediately smitten. She remembered how he had touched her nose in what she had assumed was a sign of affection and how much joy it had brought her. She remembered the fun little chase they had gone through that she had viewed as one of the several acts taken in a courting ritual. She even recounted how she had taken on a hungry wolf when his tail got stuck in a fallen tree branch. It should have been perfect, but instead her actions were for naught. In the end, the boy had been a human, and she had been rendered a fool. Her sorrow could have easily kept her in that tree for the rest of her life; however, the call of nature stirred her stomach with the need for food. With a dejected sigh, she arose, climbed to the ground, and began to search for the acorns she had buried prior to hibernation. In an attempt to remove the boy from her mind, she began to wonder on why she always gathered and buried acorns before going into hibernation? Better yet, what compelled her to go into hibernation every winter in the first place? Sure she probably couldn't survive the cold winter, but what was it that drove her? It was one of the most confusing conundrums of her life, and more she thought of it the more she realized that it had to be the same exact thing that prevented her from forgetting the boy. Ask any squirrel with a mate, and they would tell you the exact same thing: the instant they had chosen their mate, they would forever devote their lives to them. She wanted to scream. It was this deranged desire that was giving her this grief, and she was powerless to disarm it. She cursed herself, as well as for being a squirrel. That was her real problem: she was a squirrel, an animal. Every animal must serve this urge, she figured. The urge to gather food, the urge to survive, the urge to find a mate: all of these and more were never up for debate. Why, if she were a human… She sighed. If only that were possible. It was her greatest secret. She admired humans and how reacted to the world around them, as well as how they could decide what they wanted to do and when they were to do it. In truth, she had even gone as far as to learn how to understand them. True, her natural fear of all that were larger than herself had kept her from getting too close, but she could always find a way to get close without being seen. The only real problem she had was figuring out their speech in of itself. Though she still understood nothing of their customs and reasoning, she had at last gained enough understanding to at least listen in on their conversations. However, this did not change anything about herself. She was now and forever doomed to be nothing more than a squirrel, and she would never be able to know the human boy she had met. Suddenly, the sound of a twig snapping drew her attention back to the world. She whirled around to see none other than the scraggly wolf from the end of last spring. He leered down on her with a ravenous gaze, drool oozing from his long jaws. For a long throbbing moment, the two stood there in dead silence. Then, with predatory strength, the wolf lunged in an attempt to trap her beneath his enormous paws. The urge taking control in full force, the young squirrel fled just as the wolf landed. Unwillingly to surrender his meal, the wolf made chase, snapping at her tail every time he got remotely close. The squirrel's urge caused her to zig-zag across the forest floor, but the wolf was still following close behind. Finally, she could see a stream coming into view. Her urge suddenly caused her to come to a complete stop at the river's edge; the wolf wasn't so lucky. Before he completely realized his error, the wolf fell into the cold river only to resurface seconds later and futilely try to dog-paddle back to the shore. In no time at all, he vanished from sight. The squirrel panted heavily, greatly relieved that the chase was over. However, this was short lived when she realized that she was now in an area of the forest she was unfamiliar with. Panic slowly starting to take in, she raced up a tree in an attempt to get her bearings. She peered over the tree tops but saw no sign of her beloved tree or anything she found familiar. Then, as her panic was beginning take over her thoughts, she caught sight of an odd sight. A large, stone structure stood erected in the middle of a clearing, and a large pool of water surrounded it on all sides. The only way inside she could see was a large wooden plank that had long chains fastened on adjacent sides, and she could see two figures, one short and fat and the other tall and skinny, standing next to a horse drawn cart. The two seemed to be arguing about something, though she couldn't distinguish what it was due to the distance. Then, to the squirrel's total amazement, there appeared a third figure. His features from the neck down were indefinable due to a long blue cloak he wore around his person. Atop of his head was a matching blue hat that pointed outward to the sky, and she was certain she saw an owl perched on the point. He also had a long, snow white beard that stretched all the way down to the middle of his chest. Why, unless she was dreadfully mistaken, this was none other than the old man that had travelled with the boy. It had to be.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 The squirrel was quick on her paws, and anything that was bolted to the tree was sent sailing to the ground. In no time at all, she had reached a tiny spruce tree just at the edge of the clearing surrounding the large stone structure. From there, she could see the large set human and the tall lanky one seeming to be in a heated argument. \"I don't want to be one of the Wart's knights.\" the tall one griped. He was a rough looking fellow with an unruly mop of red hair adorning his scalp, slouched back, humped up shoulders, a sloping forehead, and, overall, just a lazy aura. \"Come off it, Kay.\" the fat man replied. He was a much more comely fellow. Aside from his portly exterior, he carried himself with a noble air with his head held high and his chest puffed out. Underneath his hat, she could see a head of red hair, and he had a bushy mustache, one that put her own tail to shame, to match. Judging from his similar features and demanding tone, she deduced that he was the lanky one's father. \"But dad…\" \"Enough!\" the father snapped. He sighed. \"This hasn't been easy on any of us, but how could we 'ave expected that War… I mean…Arthur was King Uther's son. Had I of known…maybe…Oh, the devil take it! Just consider yourself lucky that he is making you a member of his court, then go in to gather your things. It will be a long journey back to London.\" The lanky one, Kay, grumbled some more, but reluctantly walked away and vanished into the structure. The father merely sighed, wiping his face with a handkerchief he had in chest pocket. The older man, the only one that the squirrel recognized, placed a hand on his shoulder. \"Now, now, Sir Ector.\" he said calmly, patting his shoulder lightly. \"Give the lad some time. I'm sure that once he sees how great of a man that Arthur will become, he will be absolutely honored to be his knight.\" The father, Sir Ector, looked up at the older man and smiled. \"Thank you, Marvin.\" he said. \"I really hope you're right. For Arthur's sake, at least.\" As Sir Ector walked off, Merlin called after him saying, \"Be of good cheer, it will turn out alright…and my name is MER-lin!\" The squirrel, now certain that the other two humans were gone, began to climb down the tree in an attempt to get the elder human's attention. However, she stopped short at the sound of an unseen person's voice. \"Hut tut tut!\" the voice grumbled harshly. \"Pinfeathers to the lot of them! I don't see why the Wart even considered letting those two to stay with us back at the castle. Why, were I in his position, I would have personally had them kicked off the grounds and into that harsh snow storm a couple of months ago.\" \"Oh, come, come, Archimedes.\" Merlin chided, poking at the owl on his hat with his cane. \"They are, after all, the only real family he has ever known. Why wouldn't he allow them acceptance into his home. I think it was very noble of Arthur.\" The squirrel placed a paw against her muzzle. She now remembered that the owl had the ability to speak like humans; a feat she hoped that he would be willing to teach her. She looked up to see that the two were walking into the structure. With a squeak of surprise, she hurried after the two will all haste. No sooner had she made it inside that she immediately lost sight of them. Grunting in disgust, she decided that her only chance was to search the place in the hopes that she would find them before they left. If she couldn't, then there would never see the boy again. Her search brought her to a room with a large wooden table in the center of the floor. The faint smell of burnt meat reached her nostrils, and she couldn't help but wretch. Though there were many things she liked about humans, their desire to eat cooked meat was never one that she was never too enthused over. How could humans even stand it? She would never dream of eating another animal. It was just barbaric. It was then that she felt the hot, rancid breathe steaming up the back of her neck. Ever so slowly, she turned and came face to face with two snarling dogs. Though much more docile than the wolves of the forest, these canines were still more than willing to eat a small squirrel that had been foolish enough to enter their domain. Not needing to be told twice by her urge as she quickly made a break for the table, both dogs barking at the top of their lungs as they gave chase. All three animals loped onto the table, the dog's claws scraping the wood. Through the terror induced haze in her mind, the squirrel could see the heads of animals mounted along a wall. Though she would normally be repulsed at this sight, her urge informed her that they would be perfect vantage points too high for her pursuers to reach her. She leapt off the table with the dogs still in hot pursuit, and immediately began to scale the wall as best as she could. She huffed and puffed but didn't stop until she had reached the boar's head, where she collapsed with exhaustion. As she looked over the boar's snout, she could see the dogs that were barking furiously at her and leaping as high as they could to catch her; they couldn't reach her. There came the sound of angry voices, and the squirrel looked up to see the two humans from before storm into the room. \"Tiger! Talbot!\" the older man snapped, grabbing the two canines by their collars. \"What the devil has gotten into you?\" The Kay merely huffed, silently munching on a turkey leg he had found in the kitchen. \"Stupid dogs ain't ever been good for much.\" he mumbled through bites. \"Don't know why you keep them around.\" The elder man glared at the boy. \"I've gotten more use out of them today than I have of you. Now drop that blasted thing and help me load up the dogs!\" It took some effort, what with Kay taking his time, but the two finally got enough of a grip on the dogs and finally carted them away. After several long minutes, which to her felt like hours, the squirrel finally decided that it would be safe to return to her search for the white bearded man. Bounding off from her vantage point, she made a mad dash out of the room and in the opposite direction of the humans and dogs. When she found herself back in the main hall, she decided now would be a good time to fall back on her sense of smell rather than sight. She focused hard on each scent that filled her nostrils, trying her best to filter out all scents till she found the right one. She immediately recognized the smell of owl feathers, and she was hot on their trail. Her senses led her to a stairwell leading up and into open air, where she found herself on the ramparts of the castle. She was thankful to be out again, and even more thankful that the scent was even stronger. She was standing downwind of it, and she looked upwind to see a large tower that look almost nearly ready to topple over. It took a little work to resist her urge to run in the opposite direction, and at last she had made it to the door leading inside. Fortune smiling upon her, the doorway was open, and a neat little trail of owl feathers only confirmed her original beliefs. On silent paws, she crept up the stairs. When she had reached the summit, she found the door opened only slightly a crack with a beam of light casting from inside. She placed her nose into the door, only able to push it open just enough that she could squeeze through, and was greeted by an awe inspiring sight. As far as the eye could see, there were mountains upon mountains of books; either stacked on the tables or piled onto the floor. Something that also caught her attention were the strange wooden objects suspended to the sealing via chords. They all possessed wings and seemed as though they were meant for flight, though she couldn't understand how; wings that stiff surely couldn't flap like that of bird wings. Seeing a nearby table leg, she immediately scurried over to it and scaled it to get a better look. Now on the table's surface, the squirrel had an absolutely unobscured view of the room. Though mostly books and those strange winged things hanging from the ceiling, she could see several other objects that she couldn't recognize. There was a large green and blue fall suspended in some sort of wooden cage that would still allow it to spin freely. On another table, there was a small wooden object with four wheels and a spout on one end. There was also a long tube pointing out the window and looking to the sky. All these sights and more filled her vision, so much to the point that she began to grow dizzy and backed into something that fell over with a clank. Whirling around, she saw a blue, hourglass shaped item that was slightly smaller than she was. It was most likely a container of some sort, for a strange white powdery substance had spilled out when it had fallen over. She sniffed it cautiously and was greeted by a sweet scent. She circled around, stuck out a paw, gathered a scoopful, and sampled a taste. Her eyes grew wide at the deliciously sweet taste, and she immediately devoured the remainder in her paw. She made a move to gather more but stopped short when the container thing stood up. Though it possessed no eyes, it looked to the squirrel, the spilled powder, and back again. It hopped for a moment as though in anger, placed its small blue cap back on, then picked up a strange metal stick and began to swing it at her. She began to back away to avoid the weapon, but bumped her back into a stack of books and sent them flopping onto the floor. There came a loud banging noise, followed by a cry of pain as Merlin rose from beneath a table on the opposite end of the room. He had ducked his head under there in order to gather up his travel bag, and the sudden commotion had caused him to bang his head against the bottom of the table. \"Hang it all!\" the old man snarled, rubbing his head. \"What was that?\" The container thing immediately dashed away into hiding, though the squirrel had remained stationary and unsure as to what she should do. Though she had been thoroughly intent on finding the man, she hadn't thought about what she would do when she found him. It wasn't like she could talk to him, and she hadn't even considered the possibility that he might possibly eat her; that other human from before seemed like he would have. Her urge giving the command, she turned to flee but was stopped by bumping into a wall of feathers. She looked up to see the owl that had been perched up on the man's hat from before. \"Wot! Wot!\" he exclaimed, puffing out his chest. \"What have we here?\" Frightened beyond belief, hazel turned tail to run again, but she was stopped again at the sight of Merlin's face appearing over the edge of the table. Her only means of escape cut off on both sides, she hid her head under her paws and shook fearfully. \"Now, now, little one.\" Merlin said soothingly, patting her gently with the end of his index finger. \"No need to be shy. I mean you know harm.\" The squirrel removed one paw from her face, and, after seeing the kind face on the elderly man, she finally stood to full attention. Merlin smiled, then shifted his gaze to the fallen stack of books. \"Quite the clumsy one, aren't we?\" he chuckled. \"Now where did you come from?\" \"Knowing how unkempt this castle is,\" the owl snorted. \"She and I don't know how many more animals may have made a nest out of this place.\" \"Oh, come, come, Archimedes.\" Merlin chided, pushing the owl back with his stick. \"There's no need to be rude in front of our little guest.\" However, Merlin did feel a strange scratch at the back of his mind. He looked at the squirrel more closely and squinting his eyes to ensure he could see her perfectly. \"By, George! Archimedes, have my eyes finally given out on me, or is this not the same squirrel from back at the end of last summer? The one that had been chasing Arthur throughout the tree tops?\" Archimedes, intrigued by the old man's statement, took a closer look at the new arrival; his face became a mask of absolute surprise and amazement. \"My goodness, I do believe your right. Huh, I would recognize this red head even if I was blindfolded.\" He turned his back to and flew up to his perch suspended to the ceiling. \"Course, it isn't difficult to remember a half crazed squirrel that has her fun running over poor old owls.\" Merlin chuckled at the comment, and then looked to the squirrel once more. \"Don't worry about him. He's just a little cranky this morning. Now, what brings you here this fine day?\" The squirrel began to attempt communication, but cut herself short when she remembered that humans didn't understand squirrel speech. Merlin, seeing her mounting irritation, began to get the picture. \"Permit me to guess. You wish to see the boy again, don't you?\" The squirrel immediately, and rather vigorously, began to bob her head up and down. Merlin burst with uncontrolled laughter. \"I figured as much. I must say, you're a rather intelligent creature to understand humans and be able to respond.\" Just then, a thought came to Merlin's head; an idea that he had had several years ago. \"Say, lass, I think I have an idea that would be mutually beneficial to the both of us. What if I told you that I could turn you into a true human?\" The squirrel's heart skipped several beats. Human, he could…would actually make her one. That seemed impossible, but, considering all that she had seen that he had done the same both to himself and the boy, who was she to doubt him. She began to bob her head up and down again, putting much more enthusiasm into the motion. Merlin chuckled at this, and then grew serious. \"Now, here's the deal, lass. I will make you human, but only if you will follow three specific rules: one, you must be educated in the ways of man from their customs to their speech. Second, you mustn't at any time, once you learn to speak properly, reveal your origins, for it will only lead to great trouble for both myself and you. Thirdly, and foremost, when you are reunited with Arthur, you will NOT, under any circumstances, pull any stunts like you had when you met him back at the forest. The poor lad has been having enough trouble as it is. Are we at an agreement?\" The young squirrel was now nodding her head so fiercely, that she even fell over and hit her chin against the table's surface. This brought about another round of chortles from Merlin. \"I can see fear holds nothing over you about this.\" he chuckled. \"Now then, are you ready?\" \"She most certainly is not!\" The two of them looked up to see Archimedes flying down from his perch, fluttering his tiny wings rapidly for more speed. He landed on the table in between Merlin and the squirrel; he was shooting a hot glare at the prior. \"Merlin, I know what you're up to, and I won't allow you to go through with it.\" \"Oh, come off it, Archimedes.\" Merlin scoffed, tapping the owl gently with his stick. \"There's no need to get so worked up.\" \"There's plenty of need.\" Archimedes retorted. \"When it was you and the boy changing into animals, you were using it for educational purposes. To do something of this caliber permanently, why, it would go completely against nature.\" Merlin tossed him a sideways, cocky glance. \"Oh? And is it not against nature for an owl to speak in the language of man? I've never heard you complain about such.\" Archimedes puffed out his chest, but made no reply. \"Besides,\" the wizard continued. \"This actually is for educational purposes. I have already seen how humans respond to the lives of animals, and now I have the chance to test how an animal will respond to the life of a human. Aside from that, just look at her. This is what she wants.\" Archimedes swiveled his head back to the squirrel, and he was surprised to see that she had a beggar's face; his mouth was drooped into a frown, her eyes had grown wide and wet with possible tears, and even her ears were pinned backwards. Little by little, the owl's resistance began to crumble, and he even found himself feeling sympathetic for the pitiful creature. At last, with one final huff, he said, \"Do whatever you please. However, when all falls apart, don't bother asking me for help.\" He flew back up to his perch, silently muttered, \"Stark raving mad, the lot of them.\" When the owl was out of earshot, Merlin readdressed the squirrel. \"Don't mind him. He stays out late at night, and he can be quite grumpy during the day. Now, once again, are you ready? Here we go!\" The wizard clenched his eyes tightly shut, tapped the squirrel twice with his stick, and then chanted, \" Puellam…verto…in homine!\" He tapped her in the head once more, and suddenly the world around her began to spin like a twister. She began to spin faster and faster as multiple colors exploded in front of her vision, and she soon felt her entire body grow numb. After what felt like hours, though merely a few seconds, her world collapsed into darkness, just moments before she heard Merlin say, \"By, George! I've done it!\" #SURESHOT9593: AND, LO, I FINALLY GOT IT DONE. QUICK DISCLAIMER: DISNEY OWNS ALL BUT HAZEL'S HUMAN FORM, WHICH WILL BE REVEALED IN NEXT CHAPTER, AND THAT BELONGS TO WHOEVER CAME UP WITH IT IN THE FIRST PLACE. STORY IS MINE THOUGH. I WOULD ASLO LIKE TO SEND A SHOUT OUT TO MARIODS01. THANKS FOR THE LIKE AND THE IDEAS. THEY'RE GONNA COME IN HANDY LATER ON. NEXT CHAPTER WILL COME AROUND WHEN I GET TO IT. TILL THEN, WRITE ON!#[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: The start of a new life. Her head was still whirling when the squirrel came to. That had been a very strange experience, and it was far more than she had expected. She shook her head feverishly to further rouse herself, when she suddenly felt something swish over her face with each shake of her head. Her eyes bolted open, and all she could see was a curtain of bright red. She moved her hands to her face and parted away the curtain, and her joy overflowed. It was hair, human hair! It was long, reaching all the way to the middle of her back when it was behind her. But this was only the beginning of what could be-what was-the greatest surprise of her life. Her hands were also those of a human: furless, pink skin with five digits. She opened and closed them into fists, marveling at her new appendages. Her gaze then went down to her body in general. As could be expected, she was surprised to see that her body was clothed. It was a simple dress, even she could see that, that was dark red with gold trimmings and reached to about her shins. She was, however, barefoot, but this mattered little to her. Her excitement boiling over, she just had to know just what exactly she looked like now. She swiveled her head around and caught sight of a full length mirror. She quickly rose to her feet to dash over to it, though she fell to the floor just as quickly. It then occurred to her that her tail, which had acted as her source of balance when she was a squirrel, was now gone. This meant she would have to become used to walking upright without it. Oh, well. What was life without it's challenges? Using tables and anything else her hands landed on for support, she guided herself to the mirror. Her goal accomplished, she managed the will to stand and marveled at the reflection that greeted her. Her face was pushed inward as opposed to her prior muzzle, and she possessed red freckles all along her cheeks. Her eyes were the same shade of blue as they had been before, of which she was thankful. For a brief moment, she feared that she had lost her ears during her transformation since they weren't at their usual placed atop her head. She sighed with relief when she realized that they were on the sides of her head instead, hidden beneath her straight red locks. \"Ha, ha. I suppose you like your new look, eh Lass?\" Somewhat startled, she whirled around to see the bearded man in blue with a large smile on his face. She mimicked the look, and opened her new mouth to say something, though only unintelligible blabbering made its way out. Merlin chuckled at this good naturedly. \"I told you from the beginning that you would have to learn about the ways of man, didn't I? If this seems like a problem, then I suppose I could change you back.\" The girl immediately shook her head. Go back to being an animal? She most certainly would not. Merlin chuckled again. \"I thought as much.\" \"MARVIN!\" Merlin winced at the miss-pronunciation of his name. He made his way to the window and looked outside to see Sir Ector standing next to their cart in front of the moat. It was loaded down with their belongings, and Kay was sitting at the reins and ready to leave. \"HAVE YOU FINISHED PACKING, YOU BLASTED OLD GOAT?\" Sir Ector boomed up at him. \"NOT YET!\" Merlin exclaimed in reply. \"JUST ONE MOMENT. AND MY NAME IS MERLIN!\" The elderly wizard pulled in his head and huffed. \"Pompous windbag! Is it really so difficult to remember a name?\" The girl giggled lightly at the moment, but then a thought struck her. Squirrels never named their young, thus there was nothing for her to be called. She tugged on Merlin's robe to gain Merlin's attention. \"Yes, lass.\" he said, looking to her. The girl thought hard; since she couldn't talk, she couldn't really tell him what she was thinking. She scanned the room and observed every article for a means to convey her thought. At last, her gaze landed on a book. Somewhat shakily, she trudged over to it, picked it up, and showed the title to Merlin while pointing to herself. It took a moment, but Merlin finally caught on. \"Ah, you're quite right, lass!\" he exclaimed, tapping his palm to his forehead. \"It just wouldn't do for I and others just to refer to you as 'girl', now would it?' He scratched his beard as he considered the matter profusely. He walked over to his book table, and he skimmed through the thick volumes. Nothing really spoke to him as a proper name for the young girl. His leg bumped against the table, and he heard something fall to the floor. He looked over to examine it, and he could see that it had been a bowl of hazel nuts he had left before his unplanned journey to Bermuda that last winter. \"Hazel.\" he mused to himself, thinking it over and over in his head. \"By George, that's it!\" He turned back to the girl. \"I say, lass, how about it? Would you like to be called Hazel from now on?\" What was there to say? She had never had a need for a name in her previous state; hence any name was better than no name. She bobbed her head in agreement, much to the happiness of Merlin. \"Excellent! Now, with that out of the way, I can pack my things and we can be on our merry way back to London!\" He retrieved his travel bag and magic wand, and then moved to the center of the room. \"Pay attention, Hazel.\" he began, turning back to the girl. \"You'll like this.\" He tapped his wand against his bag a couple of times, and then began to sing. (Sing along with the italics.) \"Higgitus figitu, zumba zazing! I want your attention, everything! Everything in the room immediately shifted at though turning to face Merlin, causing Hazel to jump back with a start. \"We're packing to leave.\" Merlin explained to his junk. \"Let us be off now. No dawdling. Single file lines, everyone.\" Suddenly, the small blue object that had attack Hazel when she was a squirrel darted from its hiding place and making a beeline for the bag. However, it came to a complete stop when Merlin held up a hand. \"Surgarbowl, you should know this by now. Come along, books, let's go.\" The books began to levitate in the air and move towards the open bag, leaving Hazel absolutely stunned. \"Hockety, pockety, wockety wack Abracabra dabra nack Shrink in size, very small We've got to save enough room for all Higitus figitus migitus fum Presti-digi-tonium! As the floating books came close to the bag, they began to shrink in size and fill the bottom of the bag. Little by little, more of the assorted items in the room began to float their way towards the bag, including the little sugarbowl. It had fallen behind from the other kitchen items, and it was trying to take its place in front of the teapot. As the dishes behind them began to bunch up, the teapot accidently knocked into the sugarbowl and nearly knocking off its cap as Merlin continued to sing. \"Alica fez Balica zez Malaca mez meripides Hockety pocket wockety…\" CRASH! Merlin was cut short, and he looked over to see that the teapot was now missing its spout. He tossed a scorching glare at the sugarbowl, which was shaking visibly with its spoon behind its back. Merlin pointed towards the travel bag, then bark, \"Get in there!\" The sugarbowl needed no further persuasion, and was gone like a shot. Merlin then proceeded to gather up the broken spout and placed it in his robe pocket. \"Don't worry, little teapot, I'll stitch it back on when we get back to London.\" He moved back to his spot next to the bag. He took a moment to remember his spot in the spell, and at last it came. \"Hockety pockety wockety wack Odds and ends and nic a braks.\" Everything was starting to get crazy now. Everywhere the eye could see, strange objects and items went soaring through the air and was bunching themselves around the wizard. Next to flow into the seemingly bottomless bag were the items hanging from the ceiling. Hazel could hear agitated hooting, and looked up just in time to see Archimedes narrowly escape his rapidly shrinking birdhouse as it fit into the bag. \"When will you learn to wait till after I get out, you bungling blockhead?\" he scolded from his place in the air. \"When you learn not to get in your bird house while I'm packing-oop!\" A chair bumped into Merlin, reminding him that his work wasn't complete. \"Pay attention, lass!\" he called to Hazel. \"Here comes the fun part!\" Higitus figitus migitus fum Presti-digi-tonium! Higitus figitus migitus fum Presti-digi-toni-um! With that final proclamation, the bag sealed itself and all grew quiet. Hazel could only look on in amazement; completely awestruck at how the once filled to the roof room was now stark empty save for themselves and Merlin's marvelous bag. Merlin noted her looks of wonder, and chuckled heartily. \"Impressive, eh lass? Best way to pack, especially when you have so much to carry on your travels.\" He made his way to stairwell and motioned to Hazel for her to follow; she obeyed. As they made their way out of the castle, the newly made human girl couldn't help but giggle. When she was a squirrel, the thick pads on her paws were too warm and rough to sense how cool and smooth the stone floors felt. The soles of her feet were a different matter altogether; they were much more sensitive and could feel every crease in the stones. Once outside, she also found that she felt the weather differently. When she was a squirrel, she possessed a large amount of fur on her body, thus she had found it very warm that day. Having no hair aside for what was on her head, she found she enjoyed the crisp spring day much more, and the breathe felt wonderful against her skin. It was absolutely glorious, and this was only her first day. She then realized that Merlin had moved ahead towards Sir Ector's cart. She sprinted over to catch up, halting just behind Merlin. The older man was speaking with Sir Ector. \"Sure took your time, you old goat.\" the stout man growled. He had just had a romp across the courtyard due to Kay neglecting to tie up the dogs; the whole exercise had left the older man with a sour mood and a body caked in fresh mud. \"I hope you'll forgive me.\" Merlin replied, trying hard not to laugh at Sir Ector's plight. \"But you may be interested in my find. Wait till you see…Hold on! Now where did she go?\" He moved to one side, and Hazel found herself directly in Ector's line of sight. Feeling sheepish, the girl mustered up a faint smile. Sir Ector stared at the girl, somewhat unsure what to say. At last, he spoke. \"Well, that is an interesting find.\" He knelt down to the girl's eye level. \"Now where might you have come from, young lady?\" Once again Hazel opened her mouth to speak, only to realize that she couldn't. She turned to Merlin for support, and the kindly wizard said, \"I'm afraid she isn't capable of speech. I have surmised that she isn't a mute but merely uneducated. Thus, I have brought it upon myself to take her with us so that I may educate her along with Arthur. As a bonus, I think it would be very productive for Arthur to have a classmate of the same age.\" \"Hmmm, quite right.\" Sir Ector agreed with a nod. \"You've got a point, Marvin. Arthur never did have anyone his age to relate to growing up here in the forest. On top of that, I remember hearing the cook say that we needed a new scullery maid. She just might do.\" \"Quite so, but one last thing.\" \"What's that?\" The old man moved closer to the knight, stuck his nose right in his face, and screeched, \"MY NAME IS MERLIN!\" Sir Ector had to take a couple of steps back and shake his head to stop the ringing in his ears. \"Sakes alive, man. I'm not as young as I used to be, but that doesn't you have to yell. You should have said something in the first place.\" Merlin opened his mouth to say more, but was cut off when Kay called from the cart. \"Everything is loaded up, dad. Let's go already.\" Sir Ector hollered that he was coming, and he looked to his fellow travelers. \"Best load up. We're off to London!\" As they made their way to the cart, Hazel began to shiver. Everything was happening in a blur. She had not only been changed into a human, but now she was going to meet with that boy again. Sure her strange urges were gone, but she was still anxious. What he think of her? Would they get along? Would she be able to follow Merlin's rules correctly so as to keep her humanity? She then felt a hand on her shoulder, and she looked up to see Merlin smiling down on her. \"No need to worry, lass. All will be well. Just take one step in front of the other.\" She smiled back and nodded. In no time, they were bouncing down the old dirt road, merrily on their way to a new adventure. However, unobserved to the travelers, a certain scraggly wolf was loping hard, but stealthily, behind him. He wasn't sure how she changed shape, but he recognized the squirrel's scent. That miserable creature had caused him no end of grief at their every encounter, and, one way or another, he was going to get her.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Oh, I just wish I wasn't king! Hazel awoke to someone shaking her shoulder. Stretching and yawning, she looked up into the wizened face of Merlin. \"Wake up, lass, we're here. We're in London!\" This brightened Hazel's mood, and she peeked around the sides of the cart. What she saw surprised her. There were several people walking to and fro along the cobblestone street as they went about their usual business. What struck her as odd was the unusual amount of tension and fear in the air. Even the children seemed somewhat cautious. She couldn't help but wonder why everyone was so jumpy. The cart jumped slightly as they went underneath the archway leading to the castle and finally came to a stop. Hazel gazed upon the mighty structure. Whatever amazement she had from seeing Sir Ector's manor in the forest paled in comparison to this. It towered high into the sky, its towers stretching out like the fingers of a hand. Several flags adorned the tips of the spires and fluttered lightly in the wind. There was even a little orchard and garden within the walls with several trees that looked excellent for climbing. She was going to like it here. Sir Ector and Kay immediately got to work on unloading their things and setting them to one side as several humans, which Merlin described to be special helpers called servants, took them into the castle. The dogs were also unloaded, and they both made a beeline for the fresh trees. As for Hazel, she followed Merlin as he, Sir Ector and Kay made their way towards the large entrance. According to Merlin, it was finally time to meet Arthur. The young girl's heart had started thudding in her chest, and she began to run her fingers through her hair and run her hands over her dress in an attempt to make herself look presentable. She felt a little silly for doing so, but every little bit helped. As they stepped through the large doors, they found themselves in an enormous chamber. All along the walls banners and tapestries brought color to the bland sheen of the stone and the empty windows provided excellent lighting. There was even a magnificent red carpet that led up to a golden throne; an empty gold throne. Hazel could see the confusion on Merlin and Sir Ector's faces as they got closer, though she noticed a sort of smirk on Kay's face which caused her to feel angry at him. \"Boy!\" Merlin called. \"Where are you? Come on out, we have returned.\" \"Merlin?\" A head popped out from behind the throne, and Hazel's heart jumped. It was him! At last she had found him, and he looked…tired. Honestly, the poor boy looked as though he hadn't slept for days. He had heavy bags under his eyes, and he moved about with a lazy stance. He was about as old as her human form was with a lanky figure that was hidden beneath a large robe that several sizes too big. Atop his dusty blonde hair was a round shaped crown of gold and red velvet that occasionally covered his eyes. He also was carrying a large sword that was sheathed in a golden sheath. \"Merlin! Archimedes! Sir Ector! Kay!\" the boy exclaimed, sounding greatly relieved. \"I'm so glad you're back!\" \"I'm sure.\" Sir Ector replied, blinking away his surprise. \"The devil take it, Arthur, what has happened to you? You look horrible.\" The boy gave an exhausted sigh and plopped down into his throne while removing the crown from his head. \"I feel horrible. Just when you guys had left, several people from all over the country flocked into here. Some of the nobles from other countries have been taking their land and forcing them from away from their homes. These people then come to me demanding that I do something about it, and I just don't know what to do.\" He looked to Merlin. \"What should I do, Merlin?\" The wizened wizard tugged on his beard and thought for a moment. \"Not quite sure, lad. I'd have to have a better grasp on the situation, and I'll get right on it as soon as I can. But, before that,\" Merlin placed a hand to Hazel's back, and pushed her forward a little so that Arthur could see her better. \"I'd like to introduce you to your new classmate, Hazel. We had found her when we returned to the forest, and I found that she was uneducated. I thought that a new face around the castle would be a boost to your mood.\" Arthur got up from his throne, and he looked the girl over carefully. Putting on a smile, he extended his hand. \"Hello, Hazel. Welcome to the castle.\" Hazel stared at his hand for a moment, unsure of what to do. She saw out of the corner of her eyes she could see Merlin doing secret gestures telling her to do likewise, and she did. Though, her hand missed his and she just let it hand hang in the air. Arthur stared at her for a moment and then corrected her by taking her hand and shaking it. The custom confused the girl, but she merely passed it off as a human thing that she would come to understand in time. Just then, the entryway doors opened again, and Arthur squeaked in surprise. He then ducked back behind his throne and out of sight. \"Whoever it is, tell them I'm not here.\" he called from his hiding place. Puzzled, the quartet turned towards the door. There approached a tall, lanky fellow in about his late forties with a pot belly dressed in a magenta tunic, possessing a mostly bald head, and a brush-like mustache. \"Pelinore!\" Sir Ector exclaimed with joy. \"Good ol' Pelinore! Greeting old friend and how have you been?\" Hazel found that she immediately liked this newcomer. He was very comely, and he possessed a friendly smile. He walked up to Sir Ector and took his hand in a firm handshake. \"It's good to see you again, Ector. It does my heart good to see that you are doing well.\" He turned to the others. \"Mister Merlin, Kay, good to see you, as well.\" The wizard nodded respectfully whereas Kay just shrugged. Pelinore's gaze then landed on Hazel, and a puzzled expression coming onto his face. \"This is Hazel.\" Merlin began in an attempt to remove confusion. \"We found her when we were packing our things from our castle.\" \"I see.\" Pelinore replied, and he then extended his hand. Hazel reciprocated. Pelinore then looked up and scanned about the room. \"I say, where is the king?\" \"Uh, over here, sir.\" Pelinore looked up in time to see Arthur step out from his hiding place behind his throne, and the knight noted his fatigue. \"Saxons giving the people trouble?\" Arthur nodded. \"The people been giving you trouble?\" Arthur nodded. Pelinore sighed. \"These truly are dark times. But I wouldn't let it get you down lad. After all, you have Heaven on your side, after all.\" Pelinore pointed to the sword Arthur was carrying with a smile. Arthur gazed upon it, and he felt slightly relieved. It still amazed him that he was able to draw it from the anvil in that church yard, let alone he was the only one that could. He had been an orphan raised by Sir Ector and, though he had always been curious as to whom his birth parents were, he could never of guessed that he was the heir to an entire kingdom. \"Uhm, Arthur?\" Pelinore began, regaining his attention. \"I'm sorry to ask this, but may I make a request?\" Arthur looked at the man somewhat exhausted, but sighed in defeat. \"What is it you need?\" he asked. Pelinore gestured to the door, and there appeared a young man around fifteen. He wasn't very tall, about a foot shorter than Arthur, with a medium build, red hair, and a slightly pimpled face. His clothes consisted of an average tunic, underdressing, white trousers, and shoes. He also wore a pair of glasses, though they appeared a size or two too large for his face. The boy held himself with an air of confidence as he approached Arthur, then took a knee. \"Your highness. I am Percival, son of Pelinore. I have travelled a great distance in the hopes that you would grant me the great honor of being one of your humble knights.\" It was at that moment that Kay began to laugh, earning him everyone's attention. Through fits of laughter, Kay began to speak. \"Him? You're going to make him a knight? I doubt he could see within two feet without those pitiful excuses for glass on his face. Well, then again, I suppose he could blind a few people if they reflected the sun just right.\" Kay continued to laugh as Pelinore's face grew red with anger. He was about to chastise the boy, but Ector beat him to it by smacking him in the back of the head. \"Kay, show a little respect. This boy seems to know the honor of being knighted better than you did. You should be ashamed.\" Kay grumbled from being hit. His dad had really changed since the incident at the church yard. Back with Percival, he was still kneeling before Arthur, whom was looking to Merlin for guidance. Merlin gave him a nod and gestured to Arthur's sword. The boy, after some difficulty, drew it from its scabbard. Percival then bowed his head, and Arthur proceeded to tap his shoulders with the blade's tip. \"Uh, I knight thee, Sir Percival. I guess.\" Percival raised his head, a proud smile on his face. \"Thank you, your highness. I swear to you I will never fail!\" The determination in the boy's eyes was inspiring to Arthur. This person, whom was two years his senior, was willing to be subservient to him. He believed in him. Taking Percival by the arm, he helped him to his feet. \"I'm not sure if I'll have the makings to be a good king, but I'll do my best not to let you down.\" \"Nor I to you.\" said Percival with a nod. Hazel found the whole situation heartwarming. Granted, she had absolutely no idea what the heck was going on, or what it was Ector was mad at Kay for, but she could tell this was a good thing that had happened. Merlin clapped his hands. \"Ah, yes. Always good for a new knight to enter the court. Welcome, Sir Percival. Good things are in store for you, just you wait and see.\" \"In the meantime,\" began Pelinore. \"Perhaps it would be best you got to know the castle, son. It will be your new home, after all, and you must be familiar of it in case of invasion.\" \"I can show him around.\" Arthur offered. \"I've explored every part of this castle.\" \"Capital idea, boy.\" Merlin praised. \"While you're at it, why not take Hazel with you? I'm sure she'd like to tag along.\" When Arthur looked at her, she nodded her head. \"Sure, the more the merrier.\" Hazel squealed with delight, rushing after the two boys as they went on their way.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Castle Life Hazel opened her eyes feeling absolutely refreshed. It had been her first night as a human, and it was glorious. Beds, they were so much better than a nest of itchy pine needles and moss, and not a single bug was crawling over her in the night. Even the clothing to sleep in was comfortable, though she did wonder why humans needed different types of clothes. Wasn't one set enough? She shrugged. Chock it up with all the other human things she'd have to learn to understand. She changed out of the night gown and back into the dress she had been wearing yesterday and made her way into the hall. It was alive with activity as both maids and servants went about their usual business. She herself had things she needed to do. Merlin had told her that she would be helping out in the kitchen as a scullery maid…whatever that was. In all truth, she couldn't remember where the kitchen was. What was worse, she couldn't ask anyone how because she didn't know how to talk yet. She began going down the hall, doing her best to find a solution to her predicament. She froze at the sound of something hitting a wall…really, really hard. She rounded the bend to see the boy from the other day. Percival she believed his name was. The boy was on his rear, sitting in front of a wall and rubbing his face. \"The devil take it!\" he hissed. \"Of all the places and all the times, where did those confounded…\" He looked up at her, squinted, and then chuckled nervously. \"Oh, miss Hazel, good morning. Sleep well?\" Hazel nodded. \"Say, you wouldn't happen to have seen my glasses, have you? I can't quite see without them.\" Hazel shrugged and stepped forward. She froze again when she heard a crunch beneath her foot followed by a sharp pain. Stepping away, she gasped to see shards of glass, a few of which were embedded in her foot, and wire like metal. She heard Percival groan. \" That was them.\" He scooped up the fragments and swept them into his pocket. He then spotted the glass jutting out of Hazel's foot. \"Once again a titanic blunder on my part. Give me your arm and I'll get you something for your foot.\" He steadied her on his shoulder, then started forward…right back into the wall. \"Perhaps you should lead.\" he groaned bitterly. Hazel nodded, rubbing her sore nose before hobbling off with Percival. They made it down the hall with few accidents and came to a stop at the sound of Merlin singing. The old sorcerer was in his study, preparing his lesson scheduled in the afternoon. He looked up to see the two walk in. \"Oh, my. Now what have we here?\" he asked, setting a math book aside. \"A mishap.\" Percival said, helping Hazel into a chair. \"I had dropped my glasses, and the poor lass stepped on them. Perhaps you could help?\" Merlin nodded. \"Quite right. Come with me.\" He lead them deeper into his sanctum, and he produced some medical supplies and a spare set of glasses from his travel bag. \"Lucky thing I always have a spare.\" Merlin chuckled as he handed the glasses to the thankful Percival. \"Now then, Hazel, if you would take a seat and prop your foot up right here. Atta girl.\" Hazel did as instructed, setting her wounded foot on a table so that Merlin had a clear view. She winced each time he pulled a glass shard out of her foot. He then took some white cloth and wrapped it around her foot. When he was satisfied, Merlin backed away. \"There we go. I'd recommend being careful with that foot for a while, my dear. I should also send for a pair of shoes for you so that you won't have to worry about this little conundrum.\" Hazel merely smiled and nodded, just taking it all in stride. Percival had, by this time, settle his new glasses onto his nose. He didn't look too happy. \"Wonderful. My first day as a knight, and it starts off chaotic. Maybe Kay is right about my knighthood.\" Merlin's head bolted up, and he snorted. \"Kay?! Right about anything?! Perish those thoughts now, Percival, for you shall be a great knight indeed. Just give it time and ignore those that don't have a clue what they're talking about.\" Percival looked to the magician, and then cracked a smile. \"Thank you, Master Merlin. The thought is greatly appreciated.\" He then helped Hazel to her feet. \"I had best get this young lady to her station. It wouldn't do for her to be late on her first day.\" Merlin nodded with a small chuckle. \"Quite right. Now off with you two.\" They waved goodbye, and Percival helped Hazel limp out into the hall. As they left, Archimedes hovered down from his perch. He was shooting Merlin a suspicious glance. \"I know you, Merlin. I hope you're not planning on intervening on Percival's destiny as you did with Arthur's.\" The aged sorcerer made no reply, merely smirking and turning his back to the owl. \"I have no idea what you're talking about, Archimedes. Now if you'll excuse me, I have an English lesson to finish before the afternoon.\" It was slow going, but Percival and Hazel finally were making progress. They had finally reached the hall leading into the kitchen. They had just reached the door when they heard a noise coming from the other side of the door. Curiosity getting the better of them, Percival cracked the door open, and they both listened in. \"Left and Right, Like Day and Night, That's what makes the world go round. In and Out, Thin and Stout, That's what makes the world go round.\" Percival finally opened the door the rest of the way, and, to his and Hazel's surprise, there was Arthur, scrubbing the dirty pots and pans from last night. Percival and Hazel exchanged confused glances. The knight then walked over to the pot that the king was currently cleaning. He wrapped on it gently, and the singing stopped. Arthur's head popped out from the pot, and he grinned at the two. \"Oh. Good morning Percival, Hazel. How are you this morning?\" \"We are well.\" Percival said, Hazel nodding. \"But if I may pry, my lord, why are you here? Isn't it Hazel's duty to clean these?\" Arthur rose to his full height, once again proving his short stature, and dusted off his clothes. \"Back when I lived in the forest with Sir Ector,\" he began. \"Cleaning the dishes was one of the numerous duties I had around the castle. I hated doing it back then, but, now that I have so much more on my plate, I kinda miss it. It helps me relax and ease up the tension. I hope you don't mind, Hazel.\" Hazel shook her head. She still had little idea what was going on, but she was doing her best to keep up. He handed her a piece of cloth, which she accepted and stared at. It looked as though it had once been tan, but now it was coal black. What was worse, it was wet and smelled awful, even for a human nose. She stared at Arthur quizzically. Why had he given her this? \"It's a rag.\" Arthur said. \"You'll need it if you want to clean this stuff. Come on, I'll show you.\" For the next thirty minutes, Hazel went through the motions of learning how to clean. It was tedious and painstaking work: take the rag, wet it down in soapy water, scrub the filthy dishes until her fingers were sore, and then refill the water from the well in the garden. Before long, Arthur and Percival had to set off and carry out their duties, the latter looking more excited than the prior. Hazel was forced to carry out her duties alone for the rest of the day. When she had finally finished the dishes, she was free to eat breakfast with the maids, followed by cleaning up the breakfast dishes. When that was done, she was led by another maid to help with the laundry. After tearing a hole in several different tunics, it was decided that she would help with hanging them out instead. After that, it was nothing but a long string of little things like sweeping, more dishes, mopping the floors, changing bed sheets, and so much more. She was quickly beginning to tire and wished desperately for a break. However, the work wasn't the worst part. All throughout the day, several of the older maids were saying things about her back, thinking her lesser than themselves because she lacked the ability to speak. She fumed silently at them, but she contained herself. She may have only been human for a couple of days, but even she knew that they were just trying to get a reaction out of her. It was the same thing with a couple of pesky squirrels from back in her tree. She wouldn't give them the satisfaction. Before she knew it, lunch had passed along with the lunch dishes. According to Merlin, it was time for class, and her first lessons on how to speak. She met with Arthur and Percival in Merlin's study. The two boys showed signs of exhaustion, Percival having had a long day of training from Sir Ector and Arthur having to deal with more people that were losing homes. The blonde haired youth looked ready to drop and was shaking. Percival just seemed exhausted, his head even falling onto the desk as he began to lightly snore. Moments later, Merlin came sliding into the room with his usual brand of enthusiasm. \"Good afternoon, boys and girl!\" he proclaimed with oomph, causing Percival to bolt awake. \"Welcome to your first day of schooling together. I promise you all that this will be both a fun and educational experience. Now then, given that not all of you are on the same page, here's how we'll do things. Arthur, having the most learning, I want you to read over your science book and work out the problems I assigned you. Percival,\" he turned to the knight \"I'll be taking you under my personal tutelage. If what Pelinore tells me of your mother is true, then I'm certain that you've already been receiving an education. I'd like to evaluate how far along you are before setting you up with Arthur. As for you, Hazel,\" he turned to the girl. \"Archimedes has volunteered to be your instructor today…after some prodding from myself. He'll be giving you the basics on speech.\" Said owl swooped down from his perch, then fixed the girl with a firm glare. \"And I won't be taking any lollygagging.\" he hooted with a huff. That being said, the three kids were split up. Arthur went straightway for the books, opening the thick volumes and turning to the desired passage while taking notes. Merlin had begun asking Percival several questions to gauge his knowledge, raising the difficulty when he figured that Percival was capable of answering. As for Hazel, Archimedes led her to a black board and handed her a small white stick, which she learned was called chalk. Archimedes then gestured to a group of symbols called letters which made up every word spoken, and he instructed her to draw each one. She looked uncertain, but she persevered and started. As she did so, Archimedes counted them off. \"First the A.\" She drew it, though shoddily. \"And then the B,\" Same thing. \"Loop and around, and there's a C.\" This was the easiest so far, but it still looked crooked. \"Keep going, girl. Keep going. D, E, F, and now the…No! No! No!\" What had happened was that as she drew the G, she had incidentally drawn it backwards. She flinched as Archimedes began to get on to her, feeling somewhat dejected that she had failed. Hearing the commotion, Arthur looked up to see what was the matter. He then rose and walked over to them, studying her work. \"A little shaky.\" he deduced. \"But it's a good first try. I got the G backwards my first time, too. Here, let me help.\" He took her arm with the chalk and raised it back to the board. He then began to trace the G, showing her the proper means for the loop and direction. Hazel did her best to pay attention, but she was growing goosepimply. Even without her animal instincts, she was greatly flattered by Arthur's kindness. When Arthur was done, he returned the lesson to Archimedes and got back to his books. Hazel watched him go, and she felt her cheeks grow warm. It actually took Archimedes a couple of minutes to shock her back to reality. By the end of the day, she was still working on properly writing letters, but her responsibilities had to take over. It was back to the laundry, scrubbing sweeping, and listening to the maids gossip. At last, the day was finally over and the last pot scrubbed. Hazel was relieved for the moment, though she groaned when she learned she'd have to do it all over again in the morning. She was making her way to her room when she heard someone approach from behind. She turned to see Arthur walk up to her. \"Hey, Hazel,\" he said with wave, which the girl reciprocated. \"You did good on your first day of class; you made some great progress.\" Hazel nodded a thank you in reply. Arthur then noticed that Hazel was shaking, and he recognized the tired look. \"As for the chores,\" he continued. \"Don't worry about it. It gets easier once the routine is learned. Speaking from personal experience.\" That made Hazel feel better about it all. There was a moment of silence, and then Arthur waved goodbye. \"See you in the morning, Hazel. Take it easy.\" She waved as well, watching him leave. Her cheeks were red, and she giggled a little. Laughter soon turned to drowsy yawning, and she stepped into her room. Tomorrow was another day. Far away in a dark wood, there is a dark castle nestled in a clearing encircled by lifeless trees. Deep within the sanctum of the black structure, a figure stared into a crystal ball, having born witness to the events of the London castle. Bringing her face into the dim light, one could see that she was a girl with pitch black hair with a matching gown. Her skin was pale from lack of sunlight, and her lips were like a circle of blood and poison. Her brown eyes sparkled with devious thoughts of evil deeds, and she was smirking at the vision she beheld of Hazel. \"My, my. Merlin, you old fool, you have been busy. I do not know for what purpose you have taken this girl in, but it matters not. She could easily be of use to me as I take my final revenge upon Arthur and claim what rightfully belongs to me. The kingdom shall be mine. So says Le Fay.\"[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 It had taken far too long of a journey, but at last the wolf was certain that he was on the right track. That stupid squirrel that had made a fool of him all those months ago had certainly gone this way, and soon vengeance, not to mention a decent meal, would be his. His lengthy search had brought him out of the woods and into the outskirts of a human village. On average, he chose to avoid places where humans resided, on account that he had nearly been killed on several occasions by their sharp, shiny sticks. However, he was too angry and too hungry to care at this point. As long as he stayed hidden, he would be perfectly fine. Therefore, he began to silently creep across the ground, sticking to the shadows and anyways to avoid detection from the humans as they went about their daily routine. As he peeked around a corner, his face welled up into a look of joy. There she was! She and three other human women were going in and out of different buildings, and sometimes they came out with more than they had come in with. What she and the women were doing didn't concern him, however. All he wanted was the squirrel, and he had found her. His joy rose significantly when he saw that she had broken away from the other women and went to a budding by herself. This was the time to strike. Snickering to himself, he began his stealthy crawl towards his unsuspecting victim. Once again, Hazel was confused. After her usual morning chores, some of the women had volunteered her to, as they put it, help them gather some things from the town. However, it was more like she got the things while they stood around and chattered like a flock of sparrows. Now, she understood the reason for going out. Getting more food was a necessity, and people needed clothing to stay warm since cloth didn't grow back like hair. So why was she confused, you may ask? It was on the grounds of the strange pieces of metal she was to give in exchange for what she needed. They were small, no bigger than the palm of her hand, and they were very light. According to the women, these little trinkets held value, though she couldn't quite understand how. On that note, why did she have to exchange things for other things anyway? Couldn't people just go and get what they need from the forest? Why barter with total strangers with these shiny pieces of metal? She shrugged and shook her head. Yet even more human things she was just going to have to understand in the future. She was starting to get a headache from it all. She had just finished with the butcher shop, and she was all but ready to leave after having to stand near so many dead animals. Now all that was left was to retrieve Arthur's new robe from the tailor across the street. As she made her way to the tailor's shop, she was unaware of the thin shadow that followed her, or the malicious intent it planned for her. The local tailor was a skinny fellow dressed in a white shirt, brown trousers, and a tiny pair of spectacles on the end of his nose similar to Merlin's. He had a pair of sewing needles held tightly in his teeth as he was putting the finishing touches on a tunic he was stitching up. He looked up when he heard someone enter, and he smiled at Hazel. \"'Ello 'Ello, what can I do you for, little miss?\" Hazel produced a parchment that the women had given her and handed it to the tailor. The man accepted it and read it thoroughly. He grinned. \"Ah, here for the king's new robe, eh? Well, just one moment.\" Hazel stood patiently as the man went to the back of the shop. All the while, the wolf had sneaked his way inside, and he was closing in on his target. His mouth was already watering at the prospect of a good meal for a change, and he snickered quietly as he slinked beneath a table. He was just mere inches away from her leg. He sniffed out her ankle before licking his chops. He opened his massive jaws and stretched out his neck for one tremendous bite. And then… \"I'm back.\" The tailor called. Hazel moved in the direction of his voice just moments before the wolf snapped his jaws. Cursing his luck and the tasteless air he had snapped, the wolf growled to himself. Hazel was handed an elegant looking red robe with gold trim. It was really big, and it felt very fluffy. It reminded Hazel of her old tail, perhaps the only thing she missed from her old life. \"Not too shabby, eh?\" the tailor asked, puffing out his chest with pride. \"It took me a great deal of time to make it. I'd bet my sewing needles and thread that he'll get several years of use out of it, what with all the growing he's got left to do, eh?\" He cut loose with a hearty laugh, but Hazel remained quiet and confused, unaware of any humor. After paying the man his due, she made her way back outside, a shadow following her closely. She made her way back to the cart where the ladies were waiting. They were chatting like sparrows, and they didn't notice Hazel right away. When they at last spotted her, one of them scowled. \"Well look who finally decided to show up. Your lolly gagging is going to make us late for our other duties back at the castle. Come on, now.\" Hazel was quickly hurried into the wagon, and they began to trundle down the cobblestone pathway back to the castle, the wolf following closely. He grumbled to himself on how he had missed his chance, but he wasn't about to give up just yet. He followed the cart through the gate. There was a small area off to the side with grass and trees inside the walls, and he quickly took refuge beneath a tree as the cart entered the large stone structure. He skulked through the trees of the tiny orchard, trying his best to find his way inside. He then spied a low window. He trotted over to it, readied himself, and then took a leap inside. He made it about halfway through, and then managed to scrape his way in the rest of the way. He shook himself off and looked around. He was standing in a hallway, and the smell of human was everywhere. He took a deep breathe to try and take in the squirrel's scent. In a moment, he found it and went on his way. He finally found her again in a large room with several metal pots and pans littering the floor. The squirrel had her back to the wolf, blissfully unaware of the intruder as she took her rag and dunked it in the water. As for Hazel herself, she was humming that tune that Arthur would sing whenever he was cleaning. It was a rather mirthful little ditty, and it did a lot to curb the young girl's boredom as she tediously scrubbed on the pot. Though she relished in her newfound humanity, even she had to admit that this sort of thing was horrendously boring. Nevertheless, she persevered and refused to give up. As she splashed her rag back into the bucket, something went splashing out. Hazel groaned and placed a hand over her face. There that stupid thing went again. She didn't care if that soap thing was necessary, when that thing got wet it was nearly impossible to keep a hold of. She reached down and took a hold of it, lifting it carefully. She had nearly brought it back to the bucket when it suddenly slipped through her fingers. She scrambled to take hold of it, but it constantly slipped from her fingers and flew into the air. Unbeknownst to her, the wolf was slowly slinking his way up behind her. He had her now, he just knew it. All he had to do was sneak past the pots quietly, and then he would pounce on her. He paused behind one last pot, and he peaked over it. The squirrel was completely oblivious of his presence, and now was his time to strike. Licking his chops and taking a deep breathe, he shot up over the pot with his jaws wide open. Suddenly, he felt something slam into his mouth and down his throat. The action caused him to fall back behind his pot as he tried to figure out what it was. Just then, he hiccupped, and a string of bubbles gurgled out of his lips. All of a sudden, he wasn't feeling too well, and he felt a strong need to get outside before it was too late. He spotted an open window not far away, and he sprinted for it before leaping outside. Hazel was once again alone, though she was left with the irritating conundrum that was the lost bar of soap. Outside, the wolf had relieved his stomach of what little it had originally contained, which wasn't very much. He felt horrible, but he was glad to be rid of whatever that square shaped thing had been. However, he was kicking himself over yet another failed attempt to exact his revenge on that blasted squirrel. Honestly, what did it take for a wolf to get one decent meal in this place for crying out loud? Just then, he heard the sound of humming, and an honest to goodness smile came to his lips as he spied the squirrel carrying a bucket to a circle of stacked stones. This was it! He wouldn't fail this time. He went into a stealthy crouch, and he stalked over in her direction. She was now tying a rope to the bucket and threw it into the hole, which was followed by a strange splash. He slowed his pace just a bit for added insurance, and he licked his chops. He was now just a few feet away with her back turned to him. He curled his legs and waggled his tail with grand expectation. He took one last deep breathe, and then he pounced. Time seemed to move to a snail's pace as he sailed through the air. His front paws were aimed at her back with all claws extended, and he could feel his tongue lapping against the side of his mouth. He was now just inches from her, and nothing could save her now. It should therefore come to no surprise as to just how surprised the wolf had become when Hazel twisted to one side with a bucket full of water. She had moved from her spot, and now the wolf was sailing right towards the hole and the dark, endless abyss that lingered inside. There was no way to change directions now, and he cried out in fright as he fell inside where he was greeted with a large splash. Hazel raised her head at the shout, and she looked about. She knew that Arthur and Percival were off in the training yards, but it was doubtful that their shouts could be heard from all the way over here in the garden. She shook her head; it was probably nothing. She took a deep breathe, and then she lifted the bucket up again and set out for the kitchen. There were still many chores to be done. It took several hours, but the wolf had finally managed to claw his way out of the well though completely soaked. By then, he had become fed up. He wasn't about to give up his revenge, not even close to it, but he knew when to call it a day. He managed to find a way out of the city and was now loping his way towards the woods. The squirrel's time would come, but, for now, he was going to take a long nap. Hazel was exhausted by the time she crawled to class. She settled into a chair and she prepared herself for another lesson from Archimedes. She couldn't help but breathe a bored sigh. Though she loved her new life, she had to admit that she wasn't accustomed to such boring days. It didn't seem like anything exciting happened. She shrugged. Oh well, it beat being chased by a hungry wolf every day of the week.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Today was one of the more rare occasions of Hazel's new life. With some extreme luck, she had managed to finish a good portion of her duties early, and thus she had a little free time to herself. With little else to do, she would spend these days practicing writing the alphabet while watching Arthur, Percival, and Kay as they trained in the courtyard. Sir Ector was acting as their instructor, and it was clear that the older man had his work cut out for him with his three young protégés. First and foremost was Arthur himself. When training, the boy had put his true sword away in favor of a wooden blade for fear that he would damage it, and his feelings weren't unjustified. His skinny features produced little force when he swung his weapon, and he seemed to grow tired quickly. What was worse, for him at least, was his ever clumsy mannerisms. Sir Ector would give him the order to charge with a jab, and the boy would trip on his own feet and fall on his face just inches from where his target stood. Still, much to Ector's pride, the boy never gave up, and each time he tried harder and harder. Next was Percival, whom provided many headaches for Ector, both technically and literally. The boy had insisted on not wearing his glasses, stating that they gave him an image unbecoming of a knight, and he also made the argument that he would be of better use to his king and country if he could learn to fight without them. Though Ector had his doubts, he did in small part find truth in his words and permitted him to continue. He quickly came to regret this decision as Percival would swing the sword madly in all directions to strike down the target dummy. In the process, he knocked over a weapons rack and scattered several spears all over the ground, hit Ector three times in the head, scared a horse in the nearby stable that ran off while the stable hand was dragged behind by its reins, broke a window, and struck Arthur in the chest until the wooden sword finally flew out of his hand. All the while, the target had remained completely unscathed, and Ector had an aching head for his troubles. Percival felt very small at this point, and he quietly replaced his glasses over his face, not even bothering to reclaim his lost sword. Then there was Kay. During the entire session, the eldest boy had sat back and watched the two flounder about under Ector's tutelage. He had gotten several laughs in, though he didn't seem too intent on training himself. Earlier, Ector had griped at the boy and told him he needed to practice. In reply, Kay merely yawned, and he then started to doze. However, karma has an odd sense of irony, as the sword that Percival had incidentally thrown had went whistling through the air and into his face, waking him up and knocking him to the ground. He came up with a twisted nose and a murderous look, and Percival quickly made himself scarce. Sir Ector merely groaned as he rubbed his aching head, and he told the boys that it was time for a short break. Kay stormed his way back into the castle to tend to his injuries, and he was followed by Ector whom was in search of something to clear his migraine. This left Arthur and Percival alone. Arthur put away his wooden sword, and then he reclined against the wall of the castle. \"That could have gone a whole lot better.\" he grumbled as he wiped sweat off of his brow. \"I concur.\" Percival piped in. \"But don't lose heart just yet, your highness. After all, it's like Master Merlin says. Rome wasn't built in a day.\" \"No, but that's how long it took for Pompeii to be destroyed.\" Arthur retorted negatively. Percival flinched, almost sorry he had said anything. Arthur's confidence had taken many effective blows over the past couple of weeks. The Saxons had been getting very abrasive lately, and their victims were bringing all of their grievances straight to the young king. As his knight, Percival desperately wanted to help, but, sadly, he was every bit as clueless about what to do as his lord. For the most part, it seemed that these raids were spearheaded by a saxon lord by the name of Averil the Wild, and what a proper title the man had. He was a very belligerent fellow that lived in a manor somewhere in the woods that sat at the mountain foothills. He seemed to delight himself in causing pain to others, as well as force those weaker than himself to do his bidding. For all intents and purposes, he was a monster, and one that few men were willing to stand against. Arthur had been spending several restless nights trying to decide how to handle the situation, particularly in finding him. The man was a shadow, there one moment and then just gone. Percival gave his head a shake to ward off a cold shiver running down his spine. The idea of one day facing the man was not among the many fantasies he had regularly concerning knighthood. To clear his mind, and perhaps to ease Arthur's, he looked about the courtyard for some sort of distraction, and he quickly spotted their fellow classmate, Hazel. \"Oi, Miss Hazel. How are you today?\" He had intentionally made this a declaration rather than a simple salutation. As he had hoped, it had gotten Arthur's attention, and the boy was now walking over to the red head. He peered over Hazel's shoulder and saw that she was working on her alphabet. \"You're getting a lot better.\" he said approvingly. \"You're not drawing them as crookedly as you used to. Give it a week or two more, and you'll be writing in complete sentences.\" Hazel looked up at him and smiled. She had been working very hard lately, even staying up later so that she could practice writing whole words rather than letters. \"How about your speech?\" Percival said, officially joining the conversation. \"Archimedes has been working exceptionally hard on that with you. Have you learned to anything, yet?\" Hazel beamed at him, clearly excited he had asked. She had been waiting for just the right time to try this, and now seemed to be just the time. She reached into her apron pocket and produced a bright red apple. She quickly thought over Archimedes' lessons, and how it was important to break down the word into pieces, saying each part one at a time. \"A-ap-ple.\" she said with a small giggle of triumph. It was always so refreshing to hear her own voice rather than a squirrel chirp. It just continued to prove to her how real this situation really was. She looked at Arthur and Percival, and the two boys clapped and smiled. \"Masterfully done, Miss Hazel.\" Percival praised. \"Yeah.\" Arthur chimed in. \"Archimedes has done really well in his teachings. Won't be long until we can't get you to stop talking.\" The two boys laughed and Hazel joined in, though she wasn't quite sure she got the joke. She set her notepad on the ground and stood up to stretch. She then spotted the wooden sword that Percival had thrown, and she walked over to it and picked it up. She studied it curiously before swinging it a few times like she had seen Percival and Arthur do. It felt somewhat clunky in her grip, and she had a harder time holding it up than the other two had. Arthur watched her curiously, and he couldn't help but laugh as she swung the sword. \"I guess that makes three of us that need practice.\" Arthur nodded in kind, and he seemed less and less stressed than before. He looked up to the sky, admiring the clouds and the warm, spring weather. He wished that days could always be like this: quiet, carefree, and none of the nonsense that had come with him gaining the kingdom. He walked over and reclaimed his wooden sword, giving it a few practice swings. Hazel paused what she was doing and looked at him. Slowly a wicked little smirk etched its way across her lips. Just as Arthur paused to rest, she lunged at him and swung her wooden sword. \"Woah! What? Woah!\" Arthur, not expecting the assault, began to stumble backward. In the process, his sword arm swung upwards, and he deflected Hazel's attack. The girl pressed forward, knocking Arthur further backward until the boy finally found his footing and held up his sword to block. The blades collided with a loud crack, and Hazel grinned wickedly. Arthur breathed hard as his heart began to beat madly in his chest. He hadn't expected Hazel to act like this, as any girl he had ever met in the past, which were few, had only ever wanted to wear pretty dresses and that sort of thing. Hazel, however, was proving to be quite the opposite. She was having mad fun as she pressed her assault, and it was difficult for him to keep up. Percival was likewise stunned, and he whispered a silent prayer in thanks that his mother wasn't here to see this. Oh, the things she would say. At last, Arthur found his footing once more. This time, he attacked and forced her back. Hazel giggled madly, her feet a blur as she stepped back. They carried on for a few more minutes until they both collapsed onto the ground, both breathing hard and gasping for air. After a few moments, Arthur began to chuckle, and then he started to laugh. Hazel soon followed suite, followed by Percival. The three friends rolled against the ground and clung tightly to their sides as they let the mirth of the moment take hold. After a short fit of giggles and guffaws, they finally regained their composure and allowed themselves to breathe. \"Splendid work on your part, Miss Hazel.\" Percival gasped with a small smile. \"I believe that was just what we all needed.\" \"You got that right.\" Arthur said between breathes before sitting upright. \"I don't even remember the last time I was able to laugh like that. I'm actually sorry it stopped.\" \"Then allow me to remedy that, lad!\" The trio looked up to Merlin and Archimedes walking out into the courtyard, the friendly wizard carrying a picnic basket in one hand, and a large blanket in the other. \"You have all been working hard lately in your schooling,\" Merlin said. \"So Archimedes and I have decided to treat you all to a well-deserved picnic. I have plenty of wonderful food and a few games I am sure you will enjoy.\" Percival and Hazel beamed with excitement, and they both scrambled to their feet. \"A welcome idea, sir Merlin.\" Percival said. Hazel nodded feverishly in agreement. As for Arthur, however, the boy was frowning with uncertainty. \"I don't know, Merlin. I mean, I am the king, and I should probably be here if…\" \"Nonsense boy!\" Merlin interjected, cutting him off. \"Even kings need time for rest and relaxation. I mean just look at you, when was the last time you had a decent night's sleep.\" Arthur opened his mouth. \"…that's what I thought,\" Merlin continued, leaving Arthur with his mouth hanging open. \"Now then, it's settled. I've already set up a wagon out front, so let's be on our way. Come on, lad. Pick up the pace. Pick up! Pick up!\" Merlin started ushering Arthur along with his cane, and Hazel and Percival fell in behind them. Before they knew it, they were bouncing down the road and onto the beautiful countryside. For Hazel, it was almost like going home. Living in the castle could, at times, be very gloomy, and she missed the sights and smells of nature. They came to a stop in a meadow a few yards away from a nearby forest. Hazel was the first to bounce out of the cart, dancing her way through a patch of wild flowers. Merlin laughed as he watched her go, and he soon followed along with Arthur and Percival. As the bespectacled soothsayer spread out a blanket, Percival came up carrying the basket. He was wearing a puzzled expression. \"Master Merlin, how much actually did you pack? I don't mean to sound like I'm bragging or anything, but there's hardly any weight to this basket.\" Merlin grinned at him and chuckled. \"My boy, you should know me better than that by now. Open the lid, won't you? Arthur, Hazel, have a seat.\" The two did as they were told, and Percival lifted the lid on the basket. Merlin produced his wand, and he tapped the side of the basket three times. \"Higitus figutus! Hockety Pockety!\" The basket suddenly bounced up and down, and then small plates began to weave their way out of the basket. They then grew to regular size, and they were followed by Merlin's tea set. Within moments, an entire feast's worth of food had presented itself before them, and the students cheered at their teacher's handiwork. Merlin allowed himself a chuckle a playful bow, incidentally knocking Archimedes off of his cap. \"You are all too kind. Feel free to dig in, kids. There's plenty to go around.\" There was no hesitation on the children's part. They quickly got to work sampling Merlin's wares, and their faces were evidence enough that they approved. Both Arthur and Percival were making quick work of a roasted chicken while Hazel quietly tended to a salad and hazel nuts, and she was doing her best not to be disgusted by the sight. She had come to terms with the diets of humans, especially thanks to Merlin's science lesson and her own personal experiences. Some creatures preferred meat while other ate vegetables. However, that didn't mean she had to like the sight of it. When the meal was finished, Merlin stood and popped a kink in his back. \"Alright, then. What say we have a little fun before we dive into the dessert, eh?\" He extended his arms and pulled on his right sleeve. \"Nothing in this sleeve.\" He opened the other sleeve. \"Nothing in this sleeve.\" He then scratched his chin thoughtfully and pat his sides. \"Now where did I put that thing?\" Suddenly, his eyes brightened. \"Aha! Of course! It's under my hat.\" He lifted his hat, and out fell a ball and a long, flat stick with a round handle. This brought about another cheer from the children, though they were all also wearing confused looks. Arthur gathered up the items, and he studied them carefully. \"What are these for, Merlin?\" \"Cricket, my boy!\" Merlin said with no small amount of excitement. \"It is a sport that won't be invented for another thousand years or so, but I felt that you all deserved a special treat.\" Percival took the cricket bat from Arthur with a look of utter amazement. \"Fascinating. Truly astounding. I do marvel at your powers at times, Master Merlin.\" Merlin gave them a deep bow. \"Thank you, Percy, I deeply appreciate the compliment. Now then,\" he took the bat and the ball back. \"Let's play ball!\" In a matter of moments, a set of wooden stakes called wickets were set up a few feet apart from one another. Percival was the first at bat, and he eagerly stood waiting for Merlin to toss the ball, or, as the elder had put it, bowl it. The old wizard had exchanged his hat for a baseball cap, which he flipped backwards. He stepped back from his wicket a small ways, took a running start, and then he pitched the ball towards Percival. It bounced once, and then Percival struck it right and true. The ball bounced outside of the pitch area twice before Arthur dove for it. By then, Percival had already scored a run at the first wicket, and he was running for the second to score another. Arthur scrambled for the second post, and he slid across the ground and tapped the ball to the wicket just before Percival could score another run. \"Runner out!\" Merlin declared. \"Masterful try, Percy, but its Hazel's turn now.\" The young knight nodded, and he handed the cricket bat to Hazel. \"Godspeed, Miss Hazel. I will be rooting for you.\" The girl nodded and she took the bat with zeal. She trotted over to her wicket and she waggled the bat readily for the bowl. Merlin tossed the ball, and it bounced once across the ground. Hazel swung the bat, but it was a bit too soon. The ball bounced against the wicket, and Merlin declared the first strike. Hazel frowned as Percival tossed the ball back to Merlin, but she immediately struck a ready pose as the old wizard lined up again for another bowl. There went the pitch, and Hazel swung her bat. There was a sharp crack, and Hazel giggled with glee as it bounced a few feet away. \"Run, Hazel!\" Percival commanded. \"Grab the ball, Arthur!\" Merlin called. Both individuals immediately dropped into sprints. Arthur managed to scoop up the ball, and he spun around to throw the ball at the wicket. However, his legs became tangled due to the sudden motion, and he fell down flat on his face. Hazel immediately stopped, and she rushed over to where he was. She helped him to his feet and looked him over. There had been a rock where he had fallen, and he had torn his shirt and scratched his stomach. Hazel grew concerned, and she beckoned Merlin over. The elderly wizard's cap disappeared and replaced itself with his usual hat, and he trotted over and inspected Arthur. \"No worries, Hazel.\" he said with a smile. \"Just a scratch. You alright, lad?\" Arthur slowly got to his knees, and he had his head lowered. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" He got up, and he started to walk off. \"Uh, I-I need a minute.\" Merlin frowned as he watched him go, and he looked to his other students. \"Percival, why don't you and Hazel clean up the lunch area? I'll be right back.\" He briskly made his way after the young king with Archimedes flying alongside him. They found Arthur sitting at the edge of a river, absently throwing rocks into the water. Merlin moved in and took a seat at his side. Very carefully so as not to startle his young ward, he gingerly set his hand on his shoulder, and he cleared his throat. \"Do you want to talk about it?\" Arthur didn't speak for a long moment as he stared down at his own reflection in the water's surface. At last, he looked up to his teacher. \"I'm sorry, Merlin. I'm trying to have fun, I really, really am. It's just that all I can think about is that, when it's all over, the madness will just start all over again. People will be piling into the throne room bringing me problems I don't know how to solve. The Saxons are going to burn down another village, and just be gone by the time I even think to send anyone. Not to mention that any time I've tried to make alliances with the local nobles, they just laugh in my face. It's the same thing over and over every day because nobody will take me seriously.\" Merlin frowned. There were times he forgot that Arthur was only thirteen years old. Even with Merlin's guidance, he was still very much a child, and responsibilities like this would be crushing on even the most experienced of men. He opened his mouth in an attempt to say something soothing, but nothing came. What could he say? That everything would get better soon? That would be the worst possible lie he could tell the boy, especially at this point. It was only going to get harder from here on. Arthur flashed his mentor a pitiful look, as though he were looking for something. \"Merlin, you always say that knowledge and wisdom were the real power. So, tell me what I gotta do that'll make this better. You just have to know!\" Merlin rubbed the back of his neck as a large lump grew in his throat. He was silent for a few moments as he gathered his thoughts, and then he sighed. \"Lad, I'm afraid that there isn't much I can tell you. True, I did say that knowledge was the root of all greatness, but that is just one of the main keys needed to truly become a man of character.\" Arthur felt his heart sink to his feet. This was certainly not what he had wanted to hear, and it only added to his mounting grief. However, he did see a small ray of hope within his instructor's grim words. \"If that is just one of the keys, then what else is there?\" Merlin smiled. \"I'm glad you asked, lad. First of all, there's…\" Suddenly, there was a loud scream, and the two jolted to standing positions. Arthur listened carefully, and he was certain he could hear the sounds of battle along with shouts from Percival. Arthur suddenly bolted off in the direction of the quarrel. \"Wart! Wait!\" Merlin called after his protégé. He rushed to follow after him, but he tripped over the trim of his robe. \"Infernal thing!\" Arthur pumped his legs hard until he could at last see the sight where they had been having their picnic, and then the scene unfolded before him. There was two of them; a pair of men dressed from head to toe in fur. They were bulky brutes, and one of them even bore a Saxon flag like a cape across his back. Arthur didn't recognize these men from any reports given by the local knights around his kingdom, but one did have a wolf tattoo on his arm signifying his allegiance was to none other than Averil's lot. But that wasn't frightened Arthur most. No, it was the fact that Hazel was being held under the flag bearer's arm, kicking and screaming madly in a futile attempt to escape his grip. As for Percival, the older boy was warding off the second attacker with the cricket bat. He ducked under a swipe from the enemy's sword, and then he bashed him hard in the hard, knocking him now. As for his companion, however, had already saddled onto his horse, and he rode off with Hazel in tow. Arthur didn't have the time to think about it. He scrambled about looking for some means to chase after them, and his gaze fell on the other man's horse. He rushed over to the old nag and jumped up for the stirrup. However, as his lousy luck would have it, the action had startled his new mount. The horse reared back onto its back legs, causing Arthur to get his leg tangled up in the stirrup. \"Woah? What? Woah!\" Just like that, the horse took off with Arthur hanging on for dear life onto the side of the saddle. Fortunately, the horse was galloping in the same direction as its former master's partner. Arthur clung madly to the running mare as they closed in on his target. Within moments, the two horses were side-by-side. From his position on the horse, Arthur could see that he was perfectly adjacent to the saddle strap on the other horse, though it was a long reach. Nevertheless, he had to try. He leaned forward, trying his hardest to grab the strap, though it always seemed to evade his hand at just the last moment. He could now feel his feet slipping loose from his horse's stirrup. Met with no other option, Arthur coiled his legs and brought himself closer to the side of his horse. Then, with what little muscle he could muster, he sprang outward, coming loose from his horse's stirrup and grapping onto the saddle strap of the other horse. The sudden weight caused it to pull loose, and now the Saxon's saddle was starting to slip to one side. No longer able to maintain his balance, the man fell over to one side of his horse with Hazel in tow, and the two rolled across the ground as the horse galloped away without a single thought. Arthur also hit the dirt, just narrowly evading the horse's stomping hooves, and he slowly got up to his knees. The Saxon had already recovered, and his green eyes burned with a feral rage. \"You sniveling likkle brat!\" he bellowed as he produced a wooden club. \"I'll box ye wot good for makin' me trip!\" Arthur struggled to his feet, trying his best to muster up a look that was meant to intimidate. Instead, he looked more like he was having a stomach ache. \"You are outside of your territory, Saxon! I order you to return to the lands you came from!\" The man got a good laugh out of that. \"O' really? Well, who do ye think ye are to be tellin' me to get?\" Arthur straightened his spine to make himself taller, and he pushed back his fear to keep his voice from cracking. \"My name is Arthur Pendragon, son of Uther Pendragon, and I am the king of all England!\" To Arthur's shock, the declaration seemed to stun his new foe. For a few fleeting moments, Arthur actually felt that he may force his opponent to retreat, but his hopes were dashed when the big oaf began to laugh so hard that he had to lean over to catch his breathe. \"You?!\" he gasped between breathes. \"Ye ain't nottin' but a beardless welp! That were a good jest.\" Arthur managed to maintain his glare, though he took a tiny step back. \"I AM the king, and if you don't back off, then I will…\" By then, the man was standing in front of him, and he seized Arthur by the front of the shirt, lifting him up off the ground. Arthur now had a clear view of the ugly man's face, his rancid breath, and his yellow, crooked teeth. \"Go on ahead, whelp.\" he hissed, pulling Arthur closer. \"Whatcha gonna do?\" Unbeknownst to the two, Hazel had recovered from her fall, and she gave her head a shake to clear it. She then spied Arthur's predicament, and a curtain of red shaded over her eyes. Without a moment's thought, she charged in, dived for one of the Saxon's legs, and then bit down hard. The man suddenly forgot about the boy in his hand, dropping him, and he bellowed with rage. He bent down and yanked Hazel away from his leg. \"Why ye likkle pest! I'll fix you, I will!\" \"I think not, my ill speaking friend!\" Merlin had at last caught up with Arthur, and by now he was fuming angry. With stick in hand, he charged onto the battlefield as he declared his spell. \"Higgitus, figgutus, wockety, WAP! Lightning strike with a zap and a ZAP!\" The sky grew dark, and, with a clap of thunder, a bolt of lightning streaked down. The man released Hazel, whom scrambled to get away, but it was too late to avoid the bolt. It struck him head on, leaving him a smoldering mess. It hadn't killed him, that wasn't Merlin's style, but it had given him enough of a jolt to make him realize that he was outmatched. With that, he turned on his heel, and he started to run away, all the while smaller bolts of lightning struck the ground behind him until he vanished behind a hill. Merlin, now satisfied, then marched over to Arthur as Hazel helped him to his feet. \"Thank goodness I got here in time.\" he said with heavy relief. \"Are you both alright? Anything broken or otherwise?\" Arthur shook their heads. \"I'm a little scuffed up from when I fell off the horse, but other than that I'm alright.\" He looked to Hazel. The girl was a mess, but it was neither the bruises on her arms or how disheveled her hair had become that made her upset. It was, instead, the sight of her red dress, which had been torn in several places. It had been her only real possession since her transformation, and she loved the color red. To see it in such a state was almost too much for her to bear. Arthur watched her carefully for a moment, and then he smiled sympathetically. \"Don't worry.\" he said, setting a hand on her shoulder. \"I'll have the royal seamstresses repair it for you when we get back to the castle. It will be as good as new.\" Hazel looked at him. Before Arthur could react, she pulled him into a tight hug, silently crying onto his shoulder. To say the least, Arthur was stunned, and he was left without any ideas on what to do. He wanted to consult Arthur, but he didn't dare move. Instead, he wrapped his arms around her to console her. \"Hey, it's gonna be alright. You're safe, and we're all ok.\" It was a couple of moments before Hazel finally released him. She flashed him a smile, and then, as best as she could, she mumbled, \"T-th-ank y-you.\" Arthur returned her smile with one of his own. \"You're welcome. C'mon, we'd better get back to Percival. I've think the picnic is over.\" Hazel nodded, and she started back for the picnic sight. Arthur started to follow, but Merlin pulled him back. He was grinning from ear to ear, and he was just bubbling with pride. \"My boy, that must have been the most excellent display of heroism I have ever seen. Simply marvelous!\" Arthur blushed, and he rubbed his neck sheepishly. \"What's more,\" Merlin went on, \"I think you have found two more keys to becoming a great king.\" Arthur perked up at that, and he looked to Merlin eagerly. \"Really? What are they?\" Merlin took the boy by the shoulders, looked him in the eye, and then flashed him the largest smile he could muster. \"Courage, my boy. Courage and compassion.\"[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 It can be said that stormy weather is the sign of an ill omen. Rain emblemizes the sorrow of tears as they pelt the earth like mallets. The lightning symbolizes the sudden flash of terror, followed by the boom of thunder that symbolizes cries of regret. Such weather acts as the opening of the curtain for a terrible tragedy, and such is the case of the weather on this particular day. Thunder and lightning crackled along the sky over a dense wood sitting at the foot of massive mountain, where nestled within a near unnavigable forest maze was a massive manor. From within the ghostly villa, a number of sounds could be heard, the loudest of which being several voices hollering out with songs of victory. Inside of the manor and in a large dining hall could be found a rowdy crowd of men. They were drinking from large mugs and singing as loudly and as off key as they could, and some were even fighting. Several more were making suggestive looks at the frightened maids that were busily going to and fro refilling their mugs and ultimately trying to avoid eye contact. Sitting above them all in a throne of oak was perhaps the wildest of them all. He was a massive brute of unquestionable strength dressed from head to toe in black bear skin that was parted at his chest, revealing a large tattoo of a wolf's head. His hair was also an oily shade of black, and it ran down past his shoulders. He also possessed a dark complexion and short black beard. He was a monster of a man, and he simply devoured the scene before him with his blood red eyes. He was Averil the Wild, and he and his band were untouchable. Placing his powerful palms upon the rests of his throne, he arose, and immediately a hush fell amongst his men as they looked to him. \"My loyal friends!\" he called out with a loud voice. \"Let us take this time to slow down and recount our most recent conquests. In this very week alone, we have taken three villages…\" There was a loud cheer. \"…burned down four farms…\" An even larger cheer erupted from the men. \"…acquired quite a few lovely ladies…\" There was a chorus of whistles this time, causing many of the women present to shiver. \"…and, best of all, we have done it all without so much as a challenge from the so called king of England!\" This time, the men cut loose with a grand cheer. \"So, by all means my dear followers.\" he threw out his arms. \"EAT, DRINK, AND BE MERRY! WE ARE UNTOUCHABLE! HAR HAR HAR!\" \"HUZZAH! HUZZAH!\" Averil took a seat in his thrown once again, taking a freshly poured mug from a nearby maid and gulped it down in one swig. \"Ah! 'Tis the good life. I swear that absolutely nothing could go wrong now. Or my name isn't Averil the Wild.\" Suddenly, the doors of the great hall suddenly flew open as a ghastly wind blew out all of the torches. The singing and shouting suddenly stopped, and all eyes were glued to the doorway. Standing there was a lone, small figure. Whoever or whatever it was, it was dressed in a black cloak that covered their entire body. The only part of them that was visible was their chin, a very pale protrusion. The figure strode into the room with clear confidence, and it would occasionally toss glances from beneath its hood to the nearby men. It stopped when it had brushed past one of the maids, whom was cowering on the floor with a tablecloth clutched tightly in her fist. The figure lifted their face, and the woman could now see the face of a fourteen-year-old girl. \"Get on your feet! Show some decorum!\" The woman immediately snapped to her feet, even straightening her spine. Though carrying the voice of a child, she wielded the authority of a monster. Those dark brown eyes of hers were nothing more than two voids of evil and darkness. To put it in a word, she was frightening. The girl continued down the massive dining hall until she was standing before Averil, whom seemed more annoyed than threatened. He sat lazily upon his throne, his mug halfway empty, and he fixed the figure with an easy look. \"Morgan Le Fay, what an unexpected surprise! What brings our resident dark sorcerous amongst us?\" The girl, Morgan, removed her hood, and she bore a hard gaze upon Averil. It seemed she was upset, which did not bode well for those in the room. \"It is not pleasure that brings me here, Averil.\" she said, spitting out the last word with spite. \"I would like start with a reminder of how none of what you see before you would be yours if not for my power.\" Averil rolled his eyes. \"Yes, yes, I would be nothing without your magic. You created this manor house, and even the inescapable maze through which only me and my men can navigate. Your magic is a blessing upon us all.\" \"Then by all means, explain something to me.\" Morgan said. She slowly strode closer to Averil, and she looked him dead in the eye. \"Why is it that I am always giving, giving, and giving, but you never fulfill your end of the bargain?\" \"Now wait just one blasted minute!\" Averil bellowed as he erupted from his throne, his mug clattering to the floor as its contents splattered in all directions. \"I have always done as you asked. I've burned farms, terrorized villages, and spread fear in the hearts of man. What more could you possibly want?!\" Morgan scoffed. \"You know exactly what I want, and, a few days ago, two of your men had a chance to fulfill my darkest dream only to fail. Miserably!\" This seemed to settle Averil's temper, and he fixed the young girl with a confused look. \"What do you mean?\" Morgan turned her back to Averil, and she studied the crowd of men that littered the room like cockroaches. She extended her hand and pointed a finger, and she fanned out as though looking for someone. \"Two of your incompetent excuses for minions encountered England's king, the greatest of all prizes. However, rather than dealing the final blow and ending his breathe, the cowardly insects turned and fled.\" Her finger at last landed on two of Averil's men, and their comrades immediately moved aside, further exposing them. Averil narrowed his gaze, and he motioned them closer. The two men exchanged glances, and they slowly made their way to the front. Though looked as though they were about to attend their own funeral. \"Duncan, Cale,\" Averil began as he seated himself again. \"Would you care to explain these accusations Morgan has placed upon you?\" The one on the left with a bald head sporting a red welt, Duncan, was sweating heavily as her nervously wrung his hands together. \"Well, A-averil, s-s-sir,\" he stammered, \"A-ah can't say I know what she m-m-means. W-we just interrupted some picnickers the other day is all. R-r-right, Cale?\" The one on the right, Cale the flagbearer, was at first shaking his head, but a quick jab from Duncan's elbow quickly set him straight. \"R-r-right. We don't know nuthin'!\" Morgan didn't look convinced. She slowly approached the two men, which produced a rather absurd scene: two massive men of great strength and vulgarity cowering like frightened kittens in the presence of one small girl. When she was no further than a whisper's length from them, she fixed them both with a neutral expression. She took a moment to revel in their shivering fright. Strip away a man's ability to intimidate, and they are nothing more than frightened sheep. She loved it. \"Have I ever told you how much I hate men?\" she asked. Her tone was low and even, but it had the effect of a cobra's rattle. \"Vile and arrogant creatures, they are. They believe that might is the only way to get things done, and with such tiny minds they are incapable of thinking otherwise.\" She strode just a half inch closer with her eyes locked on Cole, causing him to bite his lower lip while his eyes went bloodshot. \"Such terrible, selfish creatures, men are, but there are times that they can be useful and even, to certain degrees, forgiven for their idiotic tendencies. But do you know what kind of man I cannot forgive?\" She was now standing toe to toe with Cole, looking him dead in the eyes. She took the man gently by the front of his tunic, and she pulled him closely, putting her mouth to his ear. \"I really, really hate men that lie to my face.\" That did it. Cole screamed out in abject horror, and he backpedaled away from the demon woman. \"His name was Arthur! He claimed he was the king!\" The room fell silent, and now all eyes were on him. Cole placed a hand over his mouth. What had he done? Morgan smiled in spite of herself, and she strode back over to Averil, now standing at his side. The large man now wore a bloodthirsty look. \"Duncan, Cole, do you care to elaborate on what happened the other day?\" Duncan was shooting his companion with a furious look, but he did his best to compose himself before their leader. \"Aye sir, it be true. We jist didn't want to offend ye, is why we didn't say before.\" \"Offend me?\" \"Aye, sir. We said it was a picnic, but it was actually a hunting party. Big group. Several hundreds of men armed to the teeth and hunting wild boars. Boars the size of stallions. One beaned me hard on the head, ya see, and that's why I got this awful shiner. Thought I was gonna die, I did. Cole here saved my life. Took on the king himself, he did. He was as big as three…no! Five men! Fought him to a bloody stand still! But then the coward turned this all powerful sorcerer on us. Blasted us with lightning from the sky. There was nothing we could do, so we ran. That's what happened.\" He looked at Averil and Morgan hopefully, but he was disappointed to see that they looked more annoyed than impressed. Averil was sitting with his head prompted on his hand, and Morgan wore a disproving frown. The two exchanged glances, and then they shook their heads. \"I may not have been there,\" Averil began. \"but even I can tell that was one whopper of a lie.\" \"Indeed.\" Morgan hissed in agreement. Both Cole and Duncan seemed to deflate, their secret exposed. This time, it was Cole's turn to give an explanation. \"It was just four of them: two boys, a girl, and an old man. One of the boys and the old man had walked off for some reason, so we decided to attack. While Duncan was fighting the other boy, I grabbed the girl. I figured she would make a good scullery maid, ya see. However, the other boy had stolen Duncan's horse and chased after me. He somehow knocked me down, and I dropped the girl. The boy then claimed he was the king, but I just laughed in his face. That is when the old man attacked. That part of Duncan's story is true; he was a sorcerer. I didn't think we would get away with our lives. But that is the real story. I still don't think he was the king, much too scrawny and didn't even have a beard yet, but the sorcerer was definitely the real deal.\" When he finished, Averil looked to Morgan. \"How about that one? Was that believable?\" The girl nodded. \"Yes, that one sounds more accurate.\" She sighed. \"Blasted Merlin. I knew he was going to be a pain.\" \"So is that good enough?\" Cale asked, and Morgan looked at him quizzically. \"You said it yourself. If a man has a good enough excuse, they can actually be forgiven. So, we're forgiven, right?\" Both he and Duncan sunk to their knees, and they were looking as pitiful as possible. Morgan hummed thoughtfully, and she placed a hand to her chin as she thought hard. \"I did say that, didn't I?\" She said, and both Cale and Duncan looked hopeful. \"Unfortunately, this is not one of those times.\" Both men's eyes grew wide with abject terror. They immediately scrambled to their feet and began to run for the door as fast as their legs could carry them. Morgan did not move from her spot, and she tossed back her hood. Her eyes blazed with a supernatural light, and she extended her hand and pointed her finger. It should also be said that she was smirking with a devilish grin. \"IHiggitus, figgutus, MARLYBONE! Transform these worthless savages into solid STONE!/i\" Duncan and Cale were almost to the door, and Duncan even had his hand extended towards the door. Suddenly, they both froze where they stood. Before the entire crowd's eyes, their bodies grew stiff and began to turn grey. Within moments, two statues now stood where two human beings used to be. The room was silent, the entire congregation stunned by Morgan's horrible spell. Even Averil was awestruck, and his face sagged into a disappointed look. \"Oh, come now, Morgan. Was that really necessary? I'll admit Duncan and Cale weren't the sharpest among my men, but even they didn't deserve such a fate.\" The girl spun on her heel, and she flashed the man a sour look. \"Don't start with me, Averil! They failed to do what I asked, and therefore they had to pay!\" She turned back to the congregation. \"And let that be a lesson to the lot of you! I alone am the only reason you have not been captured, killed, or otherwise! To fail me will result not only in the loss of that protection, but I will unleash a fury far greater than any inferior man could! Am I clear?!\" There was a collective nod amongst the group, and even a few whimpers amongst the masses. Satisfied, Morgan turned back to Averil with her expression unchanged. \"The same goes for you, Averil. Don't forget that everything you have is because of my generosity, and everything I have given,\" she placed a hand over Averil's, \"I can just as easily take it away.\" Averil felt his hand slowly beginning to itch. He looked down, and his eyes bulged as he saw thick black hair begin to sprout where Morgan had her hand placed. Averil immediately pulled away from her, the hair receding the instant they were separated. He scowled at the girl and bared his teeth, snarling savagely. \"Just what is it you want, you miserable little wretch?!\" Morgan scoffed, and she went nose to nose with Averil. \"I've told you enough times that I shouldn't have to repeat myself. I want the king dead, and you are going to help me do it!\" Averil snorted. \"Oh, really. And just how, pray tell, am I supposed to do that? Even if the king is a boy like they said, Uther's castle in London is a fortress. Not even my lot is stupid enough to invade it in broad daylight.\" Morgan backed away from him, and he could see that she was now smirking again. \"Oh, feeble minded man. Once again, it is obvious which of us is the superior one. The plan is already in motion even as we speak. You see, in three days it will be the king's birthday. I want you and a battalion of your best men to meet me on the outskirts of the city, and there you will learn my intentions. No sooner, no later.\" With that, she turned and started to walk away, the men giving her the wide birth of a leper. She paused at the door, and she tossed one final hateful look towards Averil, her eyes aglow with magic. \"I expect results this time, Averil, and I mean results that matter. Failure will mean consequences, and I believe you know what I mean.\" With that, Morgan made her way out the door and was gone. Even with her ghastly presence gone, there was an air of menace still prevailing throughout the dining hall, and it left the men in a quivering silence. As for Averil himself, silent fury had overtaken him. He despised that girl with his every fiber of his entire being. The fact that she could waltz in her, berate him in front of his men, turn two of his own into statues, and threaten him without so much as a single challenge was enough to throw him into a frenzy. Never the less, he knew better than to allow himself to be rattled. He had an appearance to maintain. A maid timidly presented another mug for him, which he snatched away, swigged down in one large gulp, belched loudly, and then tossed the mug aside. He then rose to his feet and cleared his throat. \"My fine fellows!\" He boomed, and his men looked to him. \"In three days, we will make history as the greatest men of Britain's history. In three days, we will storm the castle of London town, and we will raze it and slaughter any that oppose us. Today, we have the forest! In three days, we will have London! So, until the time has come, EAT, DRINK, AND PREPARE FOR VICTORY!\" His speech seemed to have the right effect, and within moments they were eating and drinking once again. It had been like the evil woman had never been there, or so Averil had wished. He didn't know what Morgan had in mind for him or his men, but he knew one thing: he was going to hate it, no matter how much fun he was going to have. ","Summary":" In Merlin's Study: Well, you've all finally made it to tea. Allow me to introduce myself; I am Merl"},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"Sword and the Rose","Author":"WogglebugLoveProductions","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9454094","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Young King Arthur was in the Royal Study with his mentor and magician Merlin and his owl Archimedes. It had been three months since he had pulled the sword from the stone and become the King of England. During that time he had been adjusting to his new duties and had been learning many new things with Merlin's aid, like how to read and write and such. He often found his royal position to be a heavy burden but Merlin was always assuring him he would get used to it in time and perhaps even come to enjoy it. Arthur was reading a book aloud when he came upon a certain long word he didn't recognize. \"Meticulous? What does meticulous mean?\" he asked his tutors. \"It means punctilious, fastidious, and precise,\" replied Merlin. \"Oh,\" said Arthur. \"I wonder if I'll ever have to write such long words.\" \"You might,\" said Merlin. \"After all, one does often expect a King to know the meaning of many things and to be precise with them.\" Arthur sighed. \"This just gets harder and harder for me all the time.\" \"That is just because it's all so new to you,\" Merlin replied. \"It will ease up on you as time goes by as long as you just do your best at it.\" \"How do you know?\" asked Arthur. \"Because when I was just your age I was developing my skills in magic and sorcery with a mentor and I found them to be quite hard to learn at first, but then as I pressed on I gained control over my powers and learned how to use them to my fullest extent.\" \"But I never wanted to become King in the first place,\" Arthur continued. \"No, but you were destined to be so,\" said Merlin. \"You were born as the son of a king, King Uther Pendragon, remember?\" \"Yes, you've told me about how you took me from him and gave me to Sir Ector after I was born,\" Arthur said. \"But you still won't tell me why you did so?\" Merlin shook his head gently. \"No. That must wait for a later time, when you are ready for it. Just remember that we all have a destiny to each our own, some bigger than others, and will must face them and face whatever life brings us.\" Merlin then became more solemn as he continued, \"A thing you must beware of though is arrogance. No matter what you accomplish you must keep clear that you are still just a player in a much bigger picture. If you let your pride get the better of you then all of your accomplishments will fall down hard. Remember all I say to you.\" \"I'll remember, Merlin,\" Arthur assured him. It was later on the same day when Merlin went into the forest where he came to a large shimmering blue lake. He stood before it and bowed, and then spoke to it. \"Lady of the Lake, it is I, Merlin. I have come to you for advice once more.\" Then all at once a fount of water splurged upward from the lake and a figure within it began to take form. When the water had cleared there was a lovely lady hovering just from the water's surface. She had very pale and fair whitish skin and hair that swirled all around her shoulders like tendrils. Around her neck there were tiny fish swimming around it. When she spoke to Merlin her voice was very musical. \"How may I help you, my friend?\" she said. \"I wanted to tell you I think I may have fulfilled my task,\" Merlin said, \"I have found the young boy of Uther Pendragon and he has been crowned King of England now. I come asking if there is more I should do for him and should I remain at his side for an extended time.\" The Lady of the Lake spoke gravely to him. \"Yes, there is, Merlin. First I must warn you there is more darkness ahead in the near future and to be on your guard for anyone or anything suspicious.\" \"I shall then,\" Merlin promised. \"And also there is a creature here in this forest that requires your attention,\" the Lady of the Lake continued. \"What sort of creature?\" asked Merlin. \"A young squirrel under an enchantment,\" the Lady of the Lake replied. And so saying she turned again to water and splurged downward into the lake once more. A young squirrel? I wonder? Merlin thought as he turned and began making his way back through the forest. He began looking up at the high trees which were now sprouting baby leaves and twigs on their branches. He could hear the sounds of baby birds singing as well. Finally he looked up and saw a squirrel scurrying along one of the higher branches. He took out a small looking glass that was enchanted to tell him if something was enchanted. He held it up to his eyes and looked up at the squirrel. And, sure enough, there was a light around the squirrel that let him now she was under an enchantment. Merlin then took out his wand and focused his attention entirely on the squirrel as he lifted it up and spoke the disenchanting charm. \" Snik, snak, snorem!\" Then there was a large puff of glowing dust surrounding the squirrel, and the next moment Merlin saw a small figure was falling down from the high branch the squirrel had been on a moment before. Merlin quickly cast another spell. \" Ho-versious!\" And then the falling figure floated slowly and gracefully down from the trees and landed neatly into Merlin's outreached arms. Merlin saw that it was a young girl of about Arthur's age. She had long brown hair that was in lost curls and she wore a simple green dress and tan shoes. Her eyes were closed for a moment and then they opened wide and she gasped audibly as she looked around frantically. \"Where am I?\" she asked. \"You are in a forest and you just fell from a high tree,\" Merlin explained gently. \"Who are you?\" asked the girl staring at him. \"I am Merlin, the world's most powerful wizard,\" Merlin replied. \"And I have just freed you from an enchantment you were under. Now can you tell me who you are, my dear?\" The girl looked stunned and confused at the same time and then she spoke quietly. \"I don't know who I am. I don't know where I came from or why I'm here. All I can remember is I am called Gwen.\" \"Ah! It seems that whoever enchanted you also erased your memory,\" Merlin said. \"Well, I'm sure they will return in time. Now I shall just bring back with me to the castle where you shall meet with my friend young King Arthur.\" So Merlin brought Gwen to the castle and they were met by Arthur. \"Sire, this is Gwen,\" Merlin said. \"She was in the forest and lost with no memory of herself or where she comes from. Might I request that she stay here until we find out where she lives?\" \"Of course,\" replied Arthur with a smile. \"I'm pleased to meet you, Gwen.\" He added with a small bow toward Gwen. She bowed back and said, \"Thank you, Your Grace.\" So then Arthur led Gwen up to a room in the castle where she would be staying. \"You must be a great King to have such a wizard as Merlin here with you,\" said Gwen. \"Well, I've only just started out being King,\" replied Arthur humbly. \"I just pulled a sword out of a stone which only the rightful heir to the throne could pull. Merlin says it's my destiny, though I sometimes wish it wasn't.\" \"But I can see in your eyes that you will be a good King,\" said Gwen. \"Well, Merlin thinks so too,\" said Arthur. \"But I just feel so responsible for myself now.\" Just then they came to a large door which Arthur opened and gestured for Gwen to go into. \"Here is your room, Milady,\" he said courtly. \"I shall let you know when dinner is served. We will be having a few guests here tonight also.\" \"What sort of guests?\" asked Gwen. \"Sir Pelinore, and Sir Ector and his son Sir Kay who were my foster father and brother before I pulled out that sword last Winter.\" \"Thank you for your kindness, My Lord,\" said Gwen with a neat curtsy before she stepped inside the room.[Chapter 2] In a cottage hidden deep in the forest, the old witch called Madam Mim was was in her kitchen and was brewing up a special concoction of black magic in her cauldron. She had just recently recovered from the measles which Merlin had inflicted her with when he had turned into a germ in their wizard's dual six months ago. Now that she was feeling a hundred percent herself and as bad as ever once again she was at work thinking up a plan to get revenge on Merlin, as well as the boy Arthur whom he put so much value on. \"Hee hee hee!\" she cackled gleefully as she stirred the muddy brown mix in her cauldron. \"That miserable, bumbling old goat Merlin will never know what hit him!\" Just then there came a rush of wind through the window which was followed shortly by the darkening of the clouds in the sky which Mim noticed as she glanced out the window. She knew instantly what these meant. \"He's here!\" she exclaimed excitedly. She rushed outside just in time to see a figure riding on the back of a large creature flying in over the horizon. They came swiftly closer and as they landed a feet ahead of her she recognized them at once. \"Lord Dragmore! How marvelous it is to see you here!\" she greeted her old friend and colleague. Off of a gigantic scaly creature that looked like a cross between a dragon, an alligator, and a hippopotamus, stepped a very tall and thin man with long black hair and a matching long black beard. He was wearing long black robes and a black tall pointed hat. His skin was brownish in color and his eyes looked hollow and dangerously shifty. He was a wizard, but unlike Merlin as he was trained specifically in the arts of black magic. When he dismounted his ride he looked down at Mim and extended his hand toward her. She shook it and felt a powerfully dark sensation of magic flowing from it. \"Well, now that I have come, Mim,\" said Lord Dragmore in a raspy, harsh voice, \"would you care to tell me more about this plan of yours to do away with our old enemy Merlin?\" \"Yes, of course,\" she said. \"It's like this, we'll lure his young friend Arthur to us and in the process make Merlin so weak and sick, just as he made me, that he won't be able to do anything about it!\" \"Sounds like a skilled plan,\" said Lord Dragmore. \"How do you plan on weakening Merlin though I wonder.\" \"Come, I'll show you. It's almost done now,\" said Mim as she led him into her house. They went into the kitchen where Mim's cauldron was nearly boiling over and foam was beginning to form around the edges. She stepped up to it and took a small pouch that was nearby and turned it upside down pouring all of the contents into the cauldron which looked like chunks of dirt. No sooner had she done this than the cauldron's contents turned a deep shade of red that looked almost like blood. \"There. Now it's ready,\" Mim said in triumph. \"You see, we'll just switch Merlin's glass of wine with this and he won't know the difference, and it will drain him of his magic!\" \"I see,\" said Lord Dragmore. \"And now I think I would like to see what Merlin is up to at this very moment, as well as that boy called Arthur.\" And so saying he took out a small round ball made of crystal as clear as glass and held it up to his eyes as he spoke to it. \"Mystic Orb of mine, show me my old enemy Merlin.\" Then at once the image of Merlin appeared in the crystal sphere. He was seen with Arthur in the throne room of the castle. Lord Dragmore's eyes darkened intensely at the image of Merlin talking to the boy wearing royal robes and a crown on his head. \"Well,\" Lord Dragmore hissed, \"it seems that boy called Arthur somehow found his way to the throne of England.\" \"He what!?\" Madam Mim exclaimed in horror and shock. \"See for yourself,\" Lord Dragmore said as he held out the Mystic Orb to her. Madam Mim's eyes grew huge as she looked at the scene in the crystal ball. She gasped in shock, anger, and fear as realization of it all came to her. \"Why, this Arthur must be the rightful heir to the throne!\" Lord Dragmore eyed her with rage building behind his eyes. \"But I thought you told me you had already done away with the rightful heir to the throne twelve years ago at his birth!\" Madam Mim now turned very pale and gulped. \"Well... yes, I did tell you that... and I thought I had! Really I did! I remember putting the rock you gave me in his cradle on the day he was born as you instructed! But then I suppose that old Merlin must have seized him before he could be put there and had given him away to someone!\" Lord Dragmore's eyes burned red with fury. \"Merlin! Of course! Why I did I not foresee him interfering with my plans!?\" \"Calm down, my Lord,\" Mim said fearfully. \"Remember I have a plan to do away with young King Arthur as well as Merlin.\" Lord Dragmore however was looking at the Mystic Orb in his hand again and was squinting his beady bloodshot eyes at what he was seeing in it. \"Hmm... Now there seems to be a young girl with them,\" he muttered seethingly. \"A young girl?\" repeated Mim as she scratched her chin. \"What does she look like?\" \"She has long reddish brown hair and green eyes and wears a long green dress,\" replied Lord Dragmore. He then held the Mystic Orb down for Mim to see for herself. Madam Mim looked at the girl in the scene and nearly fainted over backwards as she looked for an instant as if she were about to die of a heart attack. \"No! It can't be! Guinevere!?\" she exclaimed with her voice cracking in horror. Lord Dragmore leered at her as he pointed an accusing long bony finger at her face. \"You told me you had changed her into a squirrel ten years ago!\" \"I... I... I did! I really did!\" Mim said with her voice a frightened squeak. \"I turned her into a squirrel when she was two years old after we got rid of her parents so she and them wouldn't interfere with our plans. And I bet that Merlin changed her back again! He must have!\" Lord Dragmore sighed and shook his head. \"Well, this is a fine situation that old foe of ours has put us into! So what are we gonna do now, Mim? Do you have another plan?\" Madam Mim had begun thinking speedily as he spoke and she began to come up with a second plan of action against their enemies. \"Yes, I do!\" she announced. \"We will just get Arthur and Guinevere to come to us and then deal with them while Merlin is busy and if the old goat should try interfering again we'll just give him a dose of his own poison!\" \"Very clever,\" said Lord Dragmore approvingly. \"And let us keep an eye on our victims to see what else may be done with them.\"[Chapter 3] Madam Mim and Lord Dragmore watched through the Mystic Orb as Arthur, Gwen, and Merlin met with Sir Ector, Kay, and Pelinore in the royal dining room. \"Thank you for inviting us over tonight, Sire,\" Sir Ector said with a bow to Arthur. He then nudged his son Kay to do the same. \"It's our pleasure to have you here,\" replied Arthur. \"And who, might I ask, is the young lady here?\" asked Sir Pelinore looking toward Gwen. \"Is she engaged to you?\" Arthur and Gwen both blushed as Arthur chuckled and replied, \"No, we just met today. Her name is Gwen and she was found in the forest by Merlin this afternoon.\" \"Ah! I see. It was forward of me to make such an assumption,\" said Sir Pelinore. Then as they all sat down for dinner Sir Ector started a lively conversation. \"So how are you getting on with your new duties?\" he asked Arthur. \"Fine,\" said Arthur. \"They're not as easy washing and sweeping floors were though,\" he added. \"I always will regret how I put you through so much back at our castle,\" Sir Ector admitted somberly. \"I just had no idea of what a great destiny you had in for you. If I had I would have raised more like you were my own son.\" \"Please do not mention about the old times, sir,\" Arthur said earnestly. \"So how has Marvin been at tutoring you all these months?\" Sir Ector asked. \"The name is Merlin, if you don't mind,\" Merlin said a bit irritably. \"He's been the best teacher you can imagine,\" replied Arthur. \"I learned to read and write and add and subtract in a few weeks.\" \"Splendid!\" said Sir Ector. \"I only wish I'd paid more attention to educating you before, and perhaps to Kay also,\" he added with a sideways glance toward his son.\" \"But Kay has still become a knight,\" said Arthur. \"And that is something to be admired for, isn't it?\" \"Well, yes, of course,\" said Sir Ector. \"And I was wondering how you were with assembling your knights.\" \"We've decided to have them all meet at a round table instead of a square one, so that they all be seated beside me as equals,\" said Arthur. \"A splendid idea,\" said Sir Ector. \"Now how do you feel about Kay being a knight for you?\" Before Arthur could reply Kay sat up suddenly and slammed his fist down on the table as he exclaimed, \"I do not want to be in the pay of the Wart!\" \"His name is Arthur, son,\" Sir Ector said reprimanding him sternly. \"And you must call by such now that he is your King.\" \"I don't care if he's King, or what his name is!\" Kay said almost shouting. \"He is still a wart on the face of my life! He became King only because he pulled a stupid sword out of blasted anvil on a stone!\" \"He also became King because he was born for it, and only someone with a royal birthright could have pulled that sword out of that stone,\" Merlin said eying Kay reproachfully. \"And therefore it was his destiny to become King.\" \"And your destiny was to become a knight,\" added Arthur. \"I used to be so envious of you for it.\" \"You were because your swordsmanship wasn't worth a cock's bum!\" said Kay pointing at Arthur. \"Mine was always the best. And without any swordsmanship how can you ever expect to take to any battles with your sword you pulled out?\" \"Well... I...\" Arthur stammered. \"He will be able to do whatever his destiny calls for him to do when the time for it comes,\" Merlin said in his defense. Kay gave a short sarcastic guffaw at this. \"Why I'd like to see that! I bet he can't even beat me in a sparing match!\" \"He can too!\" Merlin said indignantly. \"Can not!\" Kay retorted. \"Can too!\" insisted Merlin. \"And he can prove it to you if you will be so kind as to allow him to.\" \"Merlin! I...\" Arthur started looking shocked at Merlin. \"Trust me, my young friend,\" Merlin said to him reassuringly. \"You will be able to do anything you put your mind to.\" \"Sure!\" said Kay haughtily. \"Let's bring it on!\" So then Kay went to get his sword and Arthur went to get his. Arthur felt quite uneasy about challenging his foster brother who was almost ten years older than him now like this. But he still trusted Merlin. Then they faced each other off and began clanging and clacking their swords together as they circled each other. Kay brought it sword out for a swipe at Arthur's, but then Arthur's sword seemed to suddenly come to life in his hands and with it he made a swipe of his own and knocked Kay's sword out of his grasp, and in the process he also ended up slitting Kay's belt and so his trousers fell loose to the floor. Everyone at the table laughed at how easily Kay had been defeated, including Merlin who had a satisfied twinkle in his eyes. Kay grumbled loudly as he picked up his sword and his trousers from the floor. \"This won't be the last one, Wart!\" he said with a threatening tone. \"I'm sorry,\" Arthur said defensively. \"I didn't mean anything.\" But Kay just ignored him. Then after dinner was over they said goodbye to their guests and Arthur led Gwen upstairs to her room again. On the way there they passed by a balcony on which was set a telescope pointing out at the stars. Gwen stopped and looked toward it. \"What is that?\" she asked curiously. \"That? It's called a telescope,\" replied Arthur. \"It belongs to Merlin.\" \"What does it do?\" asked Gwen as she went up to look at it. \"Merlin uses it to look at the stars, the constellations in them, and the moon,\" said Arthur as he joined Gwen at the balcony. \"The funny thing is,\" he added, \"is that Merlin says all the stars up there are really suns but they look smaller than the one we see in the daytime because they're much farther away from us. He also says they all of have their own planets orbiting around them just like our our planet orbits around the sun, although I'd always thought it was the other way around. Merlin does say things that sound crazy sometimes. He even insists that the world is round and not flat like all our scholars draw it on our maps.\" Then Gwen looked through the telescope with her left eye and gave a soft gasp at what she saw through it. \"Oh my! The stars look so enormous when seen through this thing!\" \"They do? Let me look,\" said Arthur. He looked through it and he saw what she saw. \"You're right. They do look pretty big! And over here is one that looks all reddish. I wonder why.\" Just then Merlin's owl Archimedes flew in and perched himself on the balcony and said, \"Because it isn't a star, it is the planet Mars, our neighboring planet.\" \"Gwen, may I introduce Archimedes, Merlin's highly educated owl,\" Arthur said courtly. \"You look like a very handsome and wise owl,\" Gwen said as she lightly stroked his feathers. Just then they saw a silver stream of light sail across the night sky in-between the stars. \"Oh my! What was that?\" asked Gwen blinking in amazement. \"It's called a comet or a meteor,\" replied Archimedes. \"Or, as you youngsters like to call it, a shooting star.\" \"A shooting star!\" Arthur and Gwen said in awe. Then Gwen suddenly got a distant and wistful look in her large green eyes. \"I remember something. Something someone said to me so long ago,\" she murmured. \"What was it?\" asked Arthur. \"It was a soft and soothing voice that said to me, 'when you wish upon a star anything your heart desires will come to you'.\" \"Funny. I never thought of wishing on stars,\" said Arthur. \"But we may as well try it.\" \"How childish,\" sniffed Archimedes. Then Arthur made his wish, \"I wish to be as great a King as I can become.\" Then Gwen made her wish. \"I wish I can find out who I really am.\" Madam Mim looked up to Lord Dragmore as the light of a bright idea came to her. \"I believe that fellow Kay will come in very handy to us.\" \"I believe you're right,\" agreed Lord Dragmore. \"And so will Guinevere.\"[Chapter 4] The next day after Merlin gave Arthur his lessons, the young King went with Gwen out for an afternoon picnic. As they walked along carrying their picnic basket they observed the things of nature that were surrounding them. \"I love the outdoors,\" Gwen said. \"There is something about it that makes it feel like it's home to me.\" \"Merlin has taught me all about nature,\" Arthur said. \"As you must know by now he is a wizard, and he gave me my first lessons in life and learning by turning me into different animals so that I could observe the world from completely different perspectives.\" \"Merlin must be a very wise teacher to do so,\" said Gwen. \"Tell me, what was it like being turned into different animals?\" \"Well,\" said Arthur, \"first he turned me into a fish and I explored the world of under the water. It was fun until a huge pike almost swallowed me, but then Merlin taught me to use my brain over the pike's brawn. Next he turned me into a squirrel and taught me to look before I leap. I had a very unpleasant experience with a girl squirrel when she fell in love with me not knowing I was really a human boy. Then he turned me into a bird and I learned to see the world by flying high over it.\" \"Being a fish and then a squirrel and then a bird sounds like lots of fun to me,\" said Gwen. \"The swimming, the climbing, and the flying does!\" Then she suddenly got a distant look in her eyes. \"Is something wrong?\" Arthur asked with concern. \"Nothing,\" said Gwen. \"It's just when you said you turned into a squirrel and a girl squirrel fell in love with you it struck me as sounding familiar, almost as if the same thing had happened to me.\" \"What do you mean?\" asked Arthur. \"How could it have also happened to you?\" \"I don't know,\" said Gwen. \"I mean, I only met Merlin yesterday. He caught me when I fell from a tree.\" \"He caught you when you fell from a tree?\" said Arthur. Then a wild idea suddenly popped into his head. \"You don't suppose you were the squirrel who fell in love with me, do you?\" he asked uneasily. \"I really don't know,\" replied Gwen. \"I would think if I was then I would remember you because of it,wouldn't I?\" \"I suppose so,\" replied Arthur. \"Can you remember anything at all about where you were before you met Merlin yesterday?\" \"No, I can't,\" replied Gwen. \"I try to but I can't. Except for last night when I saw that shooting star, I felt like I'd seen something like it somewhere before.\" \"Well, maybe your memory is slowly coming back to you one at a time,\" said Arthur. \"Maybe,\" said Gwen. They then reached the bank of the river where they sat down and spread out their blanket and opened their picnic basket and began taking out the goods inside it. Then as they ate contentedly they watched the fish swimming around in the water and listened to the birds chirping At one point Gwen looked up at the birds singing their sweet melodies in the trees and pursed her lips together and began to sing along with them. Arthur sat still as he listened to her whistling in perfect harmony with the songbirds music. It was the most beautiful sound he had ever heard. \"That was so beautiful,\" he said as soon as she had stopped. \"You have the most wonderful voice I've ever heard.\" \"Thank you,\" Gwen said blushing slightly. Kay was stomping grumpily around the courtyard of the castle. He kicked at sticks and stones strewn about as he did. He couldn't get his mind off of last night when the little Wart had humiliated him in front of his father the way he did, especially since he was after all a knight! And he was sure that the Wart had done it on purpose too. And what was more was his own father had the gall to suggest he be a knight to the Wart, as if he could ever even want to! He was sure he deserved to be in a position high over that little pipsqueak Wart. He was sure that if the Wart had not so carelessly forgotten to bring his sword to the jousting tournament that evening three months ago and so had never pulled the sword from the stone, then he would certainly have won in the tournament and had thus been crowned the King of England. And he should have been too, he decided. \"That miserable little wart!\" he said out loud to no one in particular. \"One of these days I will get even with him if it's the last thing I do!\" \"The day for when it will come may be closer than you think,\" said a strange and soft voice suddenly from behind him. He turned around and saw a most beautiful and stately lady standing before him. She was dressed in a long white flowing gown that looked just as if it had been woven from the clouds. She also sported a pair of large wings upon her back which looked as light as if they were made of gossamer. Her face wore a very sweet and tender expression and her eyes seemed to be staring right through his own. \"Who... Who are you?\" he asked hesitatingly. \"Why, I am you guardian angel, of course,\" she replied in her voice that was as soft as mist. \"I never knew I had a guardian angel,\" Kay said dumbfounded. \"But you do,\" she assured him. \"Everyone does and no one is without theirs when they need them the most. And now I have come to you because you are in great need.\" \"I am?\" he asked. \"Indeed,\" she said. \"You feel that you have lost out on a golden position that was rightfully yours, don't you?\" \"Well, yes, I do!\" he said. \"And you know it could have been yours if only if it hadn't been for the one everyone calls King Arthur who is nothing but a wart on the face of your life,\" she continued. \"Yes, that's right! Absolutely!\" exclaimed Kay passionately. \"But you mustn't despair, my dear Kay,\" she said soothingly. \"After all it is your destiny to take his place.\" \"It is?\" he asked with his eyes wide. \"Indeed,\" she said. \"And I shall help you to secure it, that is why I have come to you now. Together you and I can overthrow the false King and put you in your rightful place.\" \"Go on!\" said Kay with much enthusiasm. She then gestured for him to come nearer and she whispered in his ear and his grin grew wider and broader with every word. Arthur and Gwen had just finished having their picnic and were now making their way back to the castle when suddenly they were met up with by Kay. They stopped abruptly in their tracks. \"Oh! Kay! What a surprise to see you here,\" said Arthur a bit uneasily. \"Good afternoon, Your Majesty!\" said Kay very politely with a deep courtly bow to him. \"And do let me carry your basket back for you,\" he added as he took their picnic basket in hand. \"Why, Kay! You seem so... out of the ordinary today,\" said Arthur in puzzlement. \"Ah, nonsense!\" said Kay cheerfully. \"I'm just so glad to see my younger brother now as a King.\" \"But I'm not your actual brother you know,\" Arthur said. \"But you are to me though,\" insisted Kay. \"You always were.\" Gwen looked at Arthur with much confusion and he returned her the same look. This was so out the ordinary for Kay. Still they did not suspect any of things that were on his mind.[Chapter 5] Arthur and Gwen were seated in the Royal Study Room where he was teaching her to read as he had found out that she didn't know how. He began by the the same way that Merlin had taught him. Starting with the alphabet and then the sounds of the letters and so on. They were now going through a book of Astronomy in a chapter on constellations. Gwen was having trouble making out some of the names of the constellations as there were some that had originated from the Greek language. \"Cepheus,\" Arthur sounded out the name of the constellation of the mythological Greek god for Gwen and then pointed to the pictures of the pentagram of the stars connected in the sky of the figure's constellation. \"I wonder what all of these constellations mean,\" Gwen wondered out loud, \"and where they come from.\" \"Well, Merlin says the ancient Babylonians and then the Greeks invented them by drawing imaginary pictures in the stars of their favorite characters, whatever that means,\" said Arthur. \"They're all so fascinating,\" said Gwen. \"There is a greater dog called Sirius, and a lesser dog called Procyon, and a hunter named Orion, and a... big... dipper... whatever that is.\" \"Merlin says that one won't be discovered for a few more centuries to come.\" \"How does Merlin know things like that?\" asked Gwen. \"I don't know,\" said Arthur. \"I think he has some sort of gift of time travel, only he won't tell me how. I once asked him to take me to the future with him and he refused.\" \"Merlin is very mysterious,\" said Gwen. \"But I like him nevertheless.\" \"So do I,\" agreed Arthur. It was just then that there was the sound of a trumpet being sounded from outside of the castle's front door. Arthur promptly got up to see who had come to visit and Gwen followed him. When they reached the door Merlin had just got to it and opened it for them. Standing behind the door was a very short man with long black hair that curled up in the back wearing a large blue hat with a feather plume in it and a matching blue uniform that looked to be that of a royal messenger's. He stood very straight as he held out a piece of white parchment in front of him and read it out loud to them. \"Their Most Royal and Gracious Majesties, King Fillmore, and Queen Jillian, have cordially requested the presence of young King Arthur of Greater Britain to be at their Royal Festival on the second Tuesday of April.\" And having said this the messenger made a bow and patiently awaited Arthur's response. Arthur felt confused for a moment as he did not know any other Kings or Queens and so he didn't know what to make of being invited to a neighboring Kingdom for a festival. He looked up at Merlin as if asking what he should say or do. Merlin smiled. \"Accept the invitation, young Sire,\" he advised. \"It will be a fine opportunity for you to learn more about your new duties as King.\" So Arthur shrugged and turned toward the messenger and said, \"I accept their Majesties Royal and Gracious invitation.\" The messenger nodded and smiled as though very pleased and then bowed again and turned and went on his way. Then after Merlin had closed the front door again Arthur turned to him with a worried expression and said, \"Merlin, what will I do now? I've never been invited to a Royal Festival in all of my life. I'm afraid I don't even know how I should act at one.\" Merlin smiled with understanding. \"There now,\" he said soothingly, \"Like I said before you are a born King of England and therefore you should be easy to learn the skills of the manners and etiquette that are required for such Royal occasions. And I shall be happy to help you to learn them. And,\" he added with a warm smile in Gwen's direction. \"I do believe your friend here can be of some assistance in helping you to acquire them.\" Gwen smiled. \"I would be honored to learn with His Majesty!\" So then Merlin began to teach them both the basics of Royal manners and etiquette. He started out by having them walk straight and erect while balancing a book on their heads. He watched as Arthur and Gwen walked ever so slowly and daintily towards each other. Then when they bowed to each other their books fell off their heads. He chuckled lightly at this and then announced it was time for something else. He spoke the words of a formal Royal Introduction to Arthur and had him repeat them to Gwen while using his own version of the wording. \"Because you needn't copy like a parrot does, as you'd be better off forming your own unique personality of Royal charm and charisma.\" Arthur turned toward Gwen and put a hand to his chest and said in the most courtly and regal voice he could muster, \"Greeting to you, Your Royal Highness. I am very delighted to meet you and to be here at you exquisite Royal festivities today.\" Gwen smiled a sweet smile as she nodded and replied almost automatically, \"You are entirely welcome, Your Majesty.\" Merlin lightly clapped his hands as he said, \"Very, very good! Excellent! Splendid! Now, let us go onto another important part, table manners.\" He started out by tying a Hermes scarf around Arthur and tying it tightly to the back of a high back Royal chair so that he could sit up straight and forward at all times. He then taught him how to make the best of polite conversations during the meals. Next came a part which Arthur really thought at first would the most difficult, if not impossible to learn. It was dancing. \"I can't dance!\" he said helplessly. \"I have two left feet and am as clumsy as an ox.\" Merlin only chuckled. \"Oh, nonsense,, Sire! You may not know how to dance anymore than I or Gwen here knows how to, but you can learn how to just as easily as we can.\" Gwen nodded encouragingly to him. Then Merlin took out his wand and made light motions around with it while gesturing down at the floor. \"One, and two, and three, and four!\" he chanted. Then at once a series of magical glowing footprints appeared almost everywhere on the floor. They stepped lightly all around in a circle and then stopped back at Arthur and Gwen's feet. \"Now,\" said Merlin, \"let the music begin!\" Then Arthur and Gwen prepared to step in time to the music and the magical footprints, and then all of a sudden a loud raucous blaring sound of out of control symbols came out of nowhere. It was such a loud racket they had to cover their ears as they winced. \"Oops,\" Merlin said with embarrassment. \"Wrong ere. He-he! Now as I was saying, let the music begin!\" Then a soft and light waltz began to play from an invisible source and Arthur and Gwen smiled at the sweet melody as they each began to move their feet along with the steps which the magical footprints took in tune to it. Soon Arthur was discovering he wasn't the least bit clumsy or double left-footed at all. He and Gwen danced around and around the room, and as they came closer to each other as the footprints were bringing them together they suddenly reached out and clasped each others hands. Then the footprints became intertwined and they almost couldn't tell which set belonged to them. They just danced together as if they had every day of their lives. Lord Dragmore was watching them through his Mystic Orb alongside Madam Mim. \"Ah! Yes!\" he seethed gleefully. \"All is going according to plan so far.\" \"They are all so easy to deceive!\" Madam Mim added as she threw head back in cackling. \"They're all ours!\" \"Shut up, will you!\" snapped Lord Dragmore as he smacked her on top of her head. \"Remember our deal?\" \"Oh, yes. Of course,\" said Mim as she rubbed her sore head. \"As soon as we have rid ourselves of all our vermin you shall become the King of all of the Land and then the World... and I'll be just your miserable, wretched lackey.\"[Chapter 6] That night Gwen tossed and turned over and over in her fitful slumber as the most terrible images plagued her mind... The dark wizard strode purposefully up to the gates of the castle. He was met with by the Royal Guards who stood in front of him and blocked his entrance with their sharp swords and spears. \" I have no time for foolishness!\" he said angrily. \"Now tell me where is the King!\" The guards did not reply He then sighed with impatience and took out his wand, and waving it over the guards faces as he pronounced the word, \"Obee-taus!\" Then the guards spoke in unison as if a toy would when a button on it was pushed. \"He is hiding in the castle in the fortieth guest room in the second closet to the right.\" The dark wizard nodded with satisfaction and then pointed his wand at the guards once again as he yelled out,\"Oblivitory!\" Then at once the guards faces fell slack and their eyes glazed over and they fell down to the side like a set of pins that had just been bowled over. Smirking with satisfaction, the dark wizard marched through the gates and was about to step into the castle when all of a sudden a knight in shiny silvery armor leaped out in front of him. He thrust a sword and a shield out in front of him with a brave and bold expression on his face. \" If you want to get to the King you will have to get past me first!\" he declared forcefully. The dark wizard rolled his eyes as he took his wand out again. However, before he could pronounce any words, the knight thrust out his sword and chopped the wand in half. For a moment the dark wizard looked stunned and shocked and then he looked furious. He then raised his hands up high above his head and yelled out, \" Nus... Nu... Skahh!\" Then instantly the knight was stiffened inside of his armor and then he gagged and clutched at his head and wailed as if in pain and then he fell over backwards. The dark wizard gave a short laugh and then promptly stepped onto the knights armor clad chest as he went forth into the castle. He went and found the King as he was hiding in the exact location which the guards had said he was. The King crouched down on his knees and put his hands together and held them up to the dark wizard as he pleaded, \" Please show mercy! I can still give you everything you want! If you'll only give me enough time!\" The dark wizard scowled at him as he said in a hard and cold voice, \"Mercy is a word completely unknown to me. Though I do know the word promise when I hear it and you made a promise to me and then broke it!\" He then took the broken pieces of his wand and held them out in front of the King as he yelled out, \"Dee... Seesit!\" The King gave a yell loud enough to wake the dead if it were possible and then collapsed in a lifeless heap on the floor at the dark wizard's feet. Gwen sat bolt upright in her bed breathing heavily as she put a hand to her chest and tried to calm down. She had such a horrible nightmare. And what was worse was it had seemed to real like it had actually happened. Yet she had had no previous memory of it, strangely. Just then her door opened and Arthur stepped inside. \"Good morning,\" he said warmly. \"Breakfast will be served soon.\" He then saw the petrified look on her face. \"What's the matter?\" he asked with concern. \"I... I had the worst dream,\" she said. \"Well, would you like to talk about it?\" asked Arthur kindly. \"Merlin says talking about things that worry you will always help to ease them. I came to him before when I was troubled with bad dreams, so why don't we go to see him now and you tell him about your bad dream? I'm sure he'll be able to help you make sense of it.\" Gwen agreed to this and so they went downstairs where they found Merlin sitting in the castle foyer in his armchair and smoking his pipe. \"Merlin,\" said Gwen, \"I had a bad dream last night.\" Merlin looked at her intrigued. \"Dreams are of special interest to me,\" he said. \"Tell me what ails you, my dear.\" Gwen then explained about her dream to him. \"There was this wizard dressed all in black. He came up to a castle and knocked away the guards and then there was a knight and tried to fend him off but he ended up just like the guards did. Then the dark wizard went and found the king... and he... killed him.\" Then everyone was silent for a moment before Arthur spoke up a bit nervously, \"Did the King look like me, by any chance?\" \"No,\" Gwen assured him. \"He had long dark hair and a beard, and was a grown man.\" Merlin had been looking very thoughtful as Gwen had been speaking. He rubbed his chin and now as a light of understanding and then realization came over his features. \"Ah!\" he said. \"I know exactly what you saw in your dream, and I also know why which tells me who you are.\" \"You do?\" asked Gwen in amazement. \"Yes, indeed,\" said Merlin. \"It was twelve years ago exactly when King Uther Pendragon, before he was King, made a deal with a dark and dangerous wizard called Lord Dragmore that if he could use his powers of magic to help him secure the throne of England by overthrowing and defeating the former King, and then to seduce the Lady Igrane whom he lusted after. Then after Dragmore had accomplished all of these things for him he expected to get what he wanted in return from King Uther, and when he was unable to give it to him he brought destruction upon him and disaster upon the Kingdom.\" Arthur and Gwen were staring in stunned silence at Merlin's story. \"So you mean what I saw in my dream actually happened before?\" Gwen asked with shock. \"Yes, indeed it did,\" said Merlin. \"And there is more, too,\" he added. \"There were two people in particular, Sir Gallen and his wife the Lady Ellis who tried with all their might to defend and protect King Uther against Dragmore but they ended up perishing in their attempt. They also had a two-year-old daughter named Guinevere who disappeared just after the fall of King Uther. You see, my dear Gwen, The knight you saw in your dream as well as his wife were Sir Gallen and Lady Ellis, and they were your parents and you are their daughter, Guinevere.\" Both Arthur and Gwen now looked at Merlin with more shock than before. Gwen spoke first, her voice barely a mutter, \"So I'm really Guinevere?\" Merlin nodded. \"As certainly as King Uther and the Lady Igrane were Arthur's parents and so he is the rightful heir to the throne.\" \"And so I am also an orphan because my parents are both dead because of Lord Dragmore?\" Gwen asked quietly. \"Well,\" said Merlin, \"that they are dead has been an assumption on my part for all these years because it seemed to me that is what Lord Dragmore would do. But then I could be wrong as I have been before about him.\" \"Do you mean you actually know this Lord Dragmore?\" asked Arthur. \"Yes, I am afraid I do,\" said Merlin. \"For a long time actually and he is my oldest and greatest enemy, much more so than Madam Mim who you've met before. I remember how he had also planned to kill you as well after you were born but I had you seized from your cradle and brought into the foster home you grew up in.\" \"Wow! I never would have known, Merlin!\" exclaimed Arthur. \"I am sure he knows nothing about you at the moment,\" Merlin continued, \"but if he was to find out, all our lives would be in grave danger. So promise me you will both be careful of who you meet and trust in the future.\" \"We promise,\" said Arthur, and Gwen nodded her agreement.[Chapter 7] That afternoon Arthur was practicing archery in the courtyard. Gwen joined him in it. He took a bow and pulled an arrow through it and then it flew straight through the air and struck the target post head on. Gwen cheered for him and then took a bow and arrow to try it for herself. She shot the arrow at rapid speed as it made a bulls-eye through the target post. \"Hey, you know you're pretty good at this,\" Arthur said to her. \"You mean for a girl?\" she asked frowning a bit. \"No, I mean for anyone,\" he assured her. \"It took me a long time before now to get the hang of this and you're already a natural at it. How do you learn so fast?\" \"I don't know,\" replied Gwen as she shot another arrow. \"Maybe it runs in my family... I only wish I'd known my family,\" she added sadly. \"I never knew my family, either. Remember?\" said Arthur. \"But like Merlin says, all that matters is that we were born and because we were born we have a destiny to fulfill and we must do our best to.\" \"I don't know what my destiny is, though,\" said Gwen. \"Well, I'm sure you'll find out in time,\" said Arthur. \"And it may come as a surprise to you when you find it just as it did with me.\" He shot another arrow and then said reflectively, \"You know, you're the first friend I ever had who was my age, and,\" he added, \"I'm glad you are.\" \"I don't remember having a friend before now either,\" said Gwen. \"And I'm glad it's you, too.\" Merlin and Archimedes were watching Arthur and Gwen from a high tower above them. Merlin looked on with a twinkle in his eyes that said he knew something about them they might not yet. \"Those two really do go well together, don't they?\" he said to Archimedes. \"I wouldn't know,\" replied the owl as he stood perched on the windowsill. \"I've only ever observed the relationships of other birds like myself.\" \"Well,\" said Merlin, \"as you may know 'birds of a feather flock together', and I remember when Gwen was in her enchanted form as a squirrel along with Arthur she couldn't help falling in love with him. And now that they are each human again they seem to each be doing it again, if by a a gradual process this time as most humans do.\" \"Ah! Pinfeathers and sentimental mushiness!\" Archimedes sniffed stuffily. \"Now, I know what I am seeing when I see it,\" Merlin said to his owl companion, \"and I intend to fan the flames of it as I do with anything and everything that is worthwhile.\" \"Oh dear! Here we go again!\" Archimedes grumbled as he recalled how Merlin had been so determined before to help Arthur to reach his full potential, and now it seemed he was actually gonna play matchmaker to the boy! Lord Dragmore and Madam Mim were watching Arthur and Gwen also through their Mystic Orb. Mim cackled with amusement at what she was seeing between them. \"Arthur and Guinevere sitting in a tree! K-I-S-S-I-N-G!\" she sang out in a mockingly romantic voice. \"First comes love, then comes marriage, then comes them with the baby carriage!\" Lord Dragmore scowled at her as he once again thumped her on the head with his wand to let her know he himself did not find her or them to be amusing at all. \"Silence!\" he commanded. \"I can see clearly what is going on between the two of them and I don't like it. You know how love is powerful force, almost, but not quite of course, as powerful as my forces of darkness. This will provide some trouble for us unless we do something about it I can see.\" \"Well,\" Mim said as she rubbed the bump on her head, \"what do you think we have Kay for? I didn't pretend to be his 'guardian angel' for nothing you know.\" Back in the courtyard at the castle, Gwen was taking a stroll around the Royal gardens a little later in the day. She was awed at the beauty of all of the things that were growing in them from trees to flowers. Then suddenly she met Kay again. \"Oh, Kay! What a surprise to see you here again so soon,\" she said. \"Well,\" Kay said casually, \"I like to come by to see my little brother the King and see if I can do any errands for him and such. So tell me, how do you find him to be?\" \"I like him very much,\" asserted Gwen with honesty. \"I find him to be the nicest, kindest, most understanding person I have ever known... even if he is one of the only people I've ever known so far.\" Kay chuckled lightly at this. \"Why, I'd almost say you're starting to fancy him, are you?\" Gwen just blushed and turned her face away from him shyly. \"Well,\" Kay continued, \"If I were you I wouldn't be getting to attached to him now.\" \"Why not?\" asked Gwen. \"Well, because... I don't want to have to be the one to tell you about it, but Wart, I mean Arthur, has always had a habit of fancying every girl he comes in sight of and of dilly-dallying with them constantly until he gets tired of them and then tosses them and their hearts out of his way like an old glove.\" Gwen looked puzzled and shocked all at once. \"But Arthur just told me I was the only friend his age he ever had.\" \"Oh, he says that to all of the girls he meets, he does,\" Kay said regretfully. \"So if you're not careful you could end up with your little heart all broken up just like all those other poor lasses that came across him.\" And with that, Kay walked away without a glance back. Gwen was left beside herself. It all sounded so untrue and ridiculous to believe what Kay had said, it really did. And yet there crept a faint tingling of fear and dread into her heart that he might have been telling the truth in some way. But then how could she be sure of whether it was true or not? She didn't know. So she decided she would just try to be cautious around Arthur. Her thoughts were abruptly interrupted when Arthur stepped out from behind the grove of trees that were growing in the garden. In his hand he was holding a single perfect red rose. \"Hello, Gwen,\" he greeted warmly. \"I was going to meet you here... and then I came across these and thought you might like one.\" He held out the rose to her. \"Oh my, yes I would! Thank you, Arthur! I love it!\" she gushed happily with all of her thoughts of uncertainty over him now completely neglected. She sniffed of the rose's fragrance. \"I just adore it!\" she sighed. Arthur smiled rather sweetly. He then looked up at the trees beside of them and asked, \"Would you like one of the apples too?\" \"I'd love one,\" she replied. So he reached up and plucked off a fully ripe and lusciously red apple that was on one of the lower branches and handed it to Gwen before plucking off another one for himself. They ate contentedly for a while before Arthur said, \"When I go to the Royal festival, I think I would like very much for you to come with me.\" \"Oh, I'd love to!\" she said with delight.[Chapter 8] The day of the Royal Festival arrived. Arthur dressed in his most regal robes and Gwen had also had a new dress made just for her by the Royal tailor. Arthur stepped into the Royal coach with Gwen climbing in after and taking a seat beside him as the coachman held the door open for them and then closed it and then took his place up front holding the reigns of the royal white horses. A large crowd of Arthur's subjects had gathered around the front of the castle to see him off. Sir Ector and Kay were among them and as they waved as the coach began driving off Kay wore a broad grin on his face that was uncharacteristically happy for him. When they reached the neighboring Kingdom at which the Royal festival was being held, the coachman opened the door for Arthur and he stepped out of it and then graciously lent Gwen a hand as she got out next. They saw before them a huge gathering of people of all ages like none either of them had ever seen before. It was a wonder they both thought at how the courtyard was able to hold them all at once. They also saw many banners and streamers and turrets decorating the surroundings along with long dining tables on either side of them which would be used for the Royal feast. Arthur then met with the King and Queen of this Kingdom. He bowed courtly before them as they did the same and he recited his much rehearsed speech to them. \"Greetings to you, Your Royal Highness's. I am very delighted to meet you and to be here at your exquisite Royal Festivities today.\" \"You are entirely welcome, Your Majesty,\" replied the Queen in a way that let him know she was charmed. \"We wish only for you to enjoy yourself to your fullest content here,\" the King added in a regal tone. Then, shortly afterward, the first stage of the Royal festivities began which was the dancing. Arthur watched as all of the people in the wide open space before them found themselves a partner to dance with and then they began to waltz around lightly as the soft and sweet melody of the Royal musicians began playing. Arthur turned hesitantly toward Gwen and asked with a slight stammer, \"Would you care to have this dance with me, milady?\" Gwen smiled sweetly at him with the very slightest blush to her cheeks as she replied, \"I'd be most honored, Your Majesty.\" So then Arthur took her hands in his own and they began twirling all around on the soft grassy lawn. He felt so relieved as well as elated to be dancing with her as he was sure if it were with anyone else he would be bound to mess up and make a fool of himself in spite of all of the practicing he had done, and he knew even if he did mess up that Gwen wouldn't mind it. He didn't mess up though at all. They both swayed to the music as gracefully as if they were two swans swimming around on a lake. Back at Arthur's castle, Kay stepped inside of it and entered into the throne room where he gazed upon the royal throne with the scepter and the crown beside it with an intense longing. Then, as he was unable to resist the temptation, he seated himself upon the throne and took the crown and placed it on top of his head and held the scepter in his right hand. He sat back and relaxed contentedly as he enjoyed his new position which he felt was quite justified to him. How about this? he thought with much self gratification, Me, the King. The King of all England! It was just then however that a tall man with a long black beard and wearing equally black robes entered into the throne room. When he saw Kay seated on the throne his dark eyes went ablaze with dark fire. \"What in blazes are you doing seated upon the throne?\" he demanded very crossly. \"Why this is my throne!\" Kay shot back at him. \"Or at least it will be soon enough,\" he added smugly. The dark haired man then seemed to ease his temperament though he still spoke in a very cold voice to Kay. \"Ah! I see! You must be Sir Kay! And we have been expecting you here.\" \"Now what are you getting at?\" Kay demanded irritably. \"I mean to say you think you are going to be King, but you are not for I am going to be King!\" the dark clothed man announced loud enough for his voice to echo in the room. Kay stared at him in shock and anger. \"Now just a moment here! Are you a madman or something?\" The dark man laughed sardonically. \"Ah, no, no! I am quite sane as I know exactly what is going on now. You, however do not know what is going on. You see, I am Lord Dragmore, also referred to as the High Wizard of Dark Magic, and I along with my partner Madam Mim have deceived you into thinking you could take the throne.\" Kay stared at him in confusion and in disbelief with a hint of fear etched in. \"Now look here, you can't have deceived me! As I have never seen you or this partner of your in all my life!\" \"Ah! But you have!\" replied Lord Dragmore cunningly. He then snapped his fingers and Madam Mim appeared beside him. \"This is Mim, my partner, or as you much better know her...\" He then snapped his fingers again and Mim instantly transformed into the beautiful white clad winged angel that Kay had seen. \"My... My guardian angel?\" Kay sputtered in shock and disbelief. \"That was you all along?\" Mim nodded deviously and then both she and Dragmore began laughing very evilly at the triumph of their deception. \"And now,\" Lord Dragmore concluded, \"to see that you will not be of any trouble to us now...\" He then snapped his fingers on both hands and then instantly they were all transported to the deepest dungeon there was in the castle. \"There,\" said Lord Dragmore. \"This should keep you out of the way. And so that you won't get lonely down here I have invited a friend of mine to play with you.\" And just then a huge scaly creature that looked like a mixture of a dragon, an alligator, and a hippopotamus emerged out from the shadows. It bared its teeth as it snarled fiercely at Kay. Then Kay, for the first time since he could remember, was really terrified. \"Now,\" Mim said, \"if you'll excuse us we must be on our way. We have important business to attend to. Ta ta!\" And with that Lord Dragmore snapped his fingers again and they both vanished from the dungeon. At the other Kingdom's Royal Festivities, Gwen was standing over at the refreshments table where she got herself a glass of punch and some cookies. She had enjoyed dancing with Arthur very much. She liked being around him, and yet at the same time she always felt like she had butterflies in her stomach and goosebumps on her arms when he was near her. She couldn't help but wonder why. Then suddenly she heard someone speak to her. \"Hello, deary. Are you enjoying yourself here?\" She turned to her side and noticed a tall and slender young woman with ravishing looks and silvery blonde hair standing beside her. \"Yes, I am, thank you,\" she replied with a smile. \"And have you had a dance yet?\" the woman asked further. \"Yes, I have,\" Gwen said in a rather blissful voice. \"With who?\" asked the woman. \"With none other than His Majesty King Arthur of England,\" replied Gwen. The woman then looked into the crowd of dancing couples and her eyes seem to catch onto something. \"Why, I do believe that is him over there, and he is dancing with them pretty red-haired girl too,\" she gestured toward the left side of them. Gwen looked and, sure enough, she saw Arthur as he was dancing with a very strikingly gorgeous young girl who looked a bit older than him. He was also dancing quite closely to her, closer than she had danced with him. At first Gwen felt much confusion at this. Then she felt a shock as if lightning had struck her at full force when she suddenly saw Arthur and the other girl give each other a deep and passionate kiss on their lips. She gasped and her hand went over her heart as she felt as it were being impaled by a hundred daggers all at once. Her vision was quickly becoming blurred by her burning hot tears in her eyes. It was in that moment that she realized that Kay had been telling the truth in what he had said about Arthur enjoying the company of girls and then tossing them over his shoulder. How could she have been so foolish and so blind as to let herself be misled by him? The woman next to her seemed to be noticing her reaction as she put a hand on her shoulder and said in a kindly voice, \"Would you like to come inside with me for a moment, deary?\" Gwen was at the moment so heartbroken she only nodded her head and then followed the woman to wherever she was to lead her without giving a glance back at Arthur. Gwen went with the woman into the castle and she was led into a small room with high walls. In it she found someone else there. It was a familiar looking figure with long black hair and a matching beard and robes. Then after a moment of pondering she realized she knew exactly who this dark clad man was. He was none other than the dark wizard she had seen in her nightmare. \"You!\" she gasped as she pointed a finger at him. \"You're Lord Dragmore. You killed King Uther... and you killed my father!\" Lord Dragmore smirked very wickedly. \"Ah! Well, aren't you a knowledgeable girl! Yes, I am he. And may I introduce my partner, Madam Mim.\" Gwen heard a snapping sound and looked over to her side and found that the beautiful woman was gone and in her place was an ugly old hag. And then suddenly another memory surfaced in her mind. A most horrible memory. \" No! Please spare my child!\" Lady Ellis pleaded in tears. \" Not on your life! Madam Mim shot back at her. Then Mim pointed one of her long bony fingers at Lady Ellis and the next moment she was clutching at her heart before collapsing onto the floor. Mim then took the now wailing baby girl into her hands and dashed away with her. \"You killed my mother!\" she pointed at Madam Mim accusingly. \"I should hope I did,\" cackled Mim gleefully. \"And now,\" she added, \"we'll see what we can do about you. But first we have a bit of business to attend to. So we must keep you out of the way.\" Mim then pointed all of her ugly long white fingers at Gwen and a few purple sparks shot out of them. Then the next moment Gwen found herself looking way up at Mim and Dragmore while the floor seemed much closer and the ceiling much higher. She tried to cry out but all that came out of her was a frightened squeak. It was then that she looked down at herself and saw she had now been turned into a squirrel. \"She really is much prettier as a rodent I must admit!\" Mim said with a very menacing laugh. \"Well, now, let us go and prepare the poison for King Arthur before Merlin finds out about all this!\" Lord Dragmore said as he hurriedly ushered Mim out of the door and locked it behind them. Gwen was now left all alone and as scared as anyone could expect her to be at a time like this, though she wasn't just for herself, but also for Arthur.[Chapter 9] Merlin was walking through the woods on his way to see the Lady of the Lake. He didn't know why but ever since Arthur and Gwen had left that morning for the Royal Festivities in the Neighboring Kingdom he had had a nagging feeling of uneasiness about it and he hoped a talk with the Lady of the Lake would resolve it. He reached the lake and stepped up to the edge of it. He bowed and addressed the Lady. \"Oh, Lady of the Lake. I come to you to ask to grant an audience with you.\" The instantly the water of the lake splurged upward and the Lady appeared out of it. She wore a very anxious expression on her lovely features and before Merlin could speak again she said with great urgency, \"Merlin, you must go now and hurry! Arthur and Gwen are in great danger where they are now. Their very lives are at stake at this very moment.\" And with that she re-submerged herself down into the lake. Merlin needed no further prompting as she had just answered his questions and he apparated on the spot to where Arthur and Gwen were. He reappeared at the base of the castle in the other Kingdom. He started to make a dash for the castle gates when suddenly two all too familiar figures appeared in front of him. Lord Dragmore with Madam Mim. \"Not so fast, old goat,\" said Mim. \"You!\" Merlin stared at Mim, \"And you!\" he turned to stare with abject horror at Dragmore. \"I might have known!\" \"You arrived too late Merlin,\" said Dragmore. \"Arthur is just about to drink from the goblet of poisoned wine and then all of England will be ours!\" Merlin glared as fiercely at them as it was possible as he took out his wand and raised it up high. \"Ala...\" However just then Dragmore clasped his rough bony hand of Merlin's mouth while at the same time Mim seized his wand out of his grasp. \"I'll take this,\" she said. \"Now as for you,\" she raised the wand up as high as she could and cried out, \"Mu-no-co!\" Dragmore then released his hand from Merlin's mouth. Merlin attempted to speak but found he could not, much to his horror. Dragmore smirked very evilly at him and then said, \"Now how about we go someplace more suitable for you?\" He then snapped his fingers and they were instantly transported to the dungeon of the castle. \"There, this should keep you out of the way!\" Dragmore exclaimed as he pushed Merlin backward so that he fell down into a corner of the dark cell. \"Now, if you'll excuse us, we have business to attend to,\" said Dragmore. And with that he snapped his fingers again and he and Mim apparated out of the dungeon. Merlin was left all alone and helpless and unable to speak so that he could not use his magic to free him even if he still had his wand. He wondered if there was any other way he could get out of here. Then suddenly he heard a chittering noise coming from somewhere above him. He looked up and saw a tiny squirrel with reddish fur locked inside a cage. He at once knew this had to be Gwen turned back into her enchanted form by Mim. An idea then crossed his mind that could get them both out of here. He got up and went to the cage she was in and unlocked it and let her out. She crawled onto his shoulder and chattered excitedly. Merlin smiled sadly at her. Then he pointed towards a long pipe that was connected from the wall near the floor up to the ceiling and then nodded towards her. Gwen understood instantly what he was trying to tell her to do. She at once leaped down from his shoulder and scampered over to the pipe and crawled into it with the speed and skill that only a squirrel could have. Merlin listened as he heard her scratching inside of the pipe until he could hear no more. He then silently hoped that she would succeed in his plan. Meanwhile in the castle courtyard, the dancing had just ended and it was time for the feasting. Arthur took his seat at the head of the long table beside the King and Queen. He was feeling rather dazed and confused at the moment as just after he had danced with Gwen another girl whom he had never seen before came up to him and just took his hands and pressed herself against him and then she had forcefully kissed him on his lips without his consent. He looked around for Gwen but couldn't see her anywhere. And then the worst thought came into his mind. That she had seen the other girl dancing with him as she had kissed him and had gotten the wrong impression of it. Then his thoughts were abruptly interrupted when the King seated beside him stood and raised his glass goblet of red wine up and announced, \"I would like to propose a toast to our guest of honor here today. Arthur the newly crowned King of England. May he live long and good health to him.\" Then everyone picked up their own glass goblets and clinked them together, as did Arthur. He watched as everyone began drinking from their goblets then and brought his to his lips to do the same, but then he hesitated as he had never tasted wine before. Then the next moment he heard a loud chattering noise followed by loud scratching. He looked up and was shocked and amazed to see a tiny red squirrel leap out of a pipe on the castle's roof and then jump down onto the table. Everyone screeched and stepped back as it dashed across the long length and knock over goblets and upset plates and silverware. Then when it neared Arthur's place at the end it made a flying leap and flew at the glass goblet still in his hand and grabbed hold of it and then knocked it over so that it fell to the ground and spilled. The red liquid in it burned off the grass it touched and sizzled. Arthur looked shocked and at a loss for words. \"What the...?\" Just then there was a cracking sound and he turned toward it and saw Merlin appear on the spot. Merlin rushed up to Arthur just as the squirrel leaped onto the Queen and began biting and clawing at her everywhere. Then it found its way up the sleeve of her robe and pulled something out of it. It looked just like Merlin's wand. Merlin then reached the table and seized his wand. He then pointed it at his mouth for a moment and then said, \"That's better! Now enough of this charade!\" He raised his arms high above his head and with a swift wave of his wand he cried out, \"Alakazaam!\" Then before Arthur's very eyes their was a great swirling all around him almost like a hurricane. And then when it had cleared he saw all of the guests were gone as if they just disappeared, and in the place of the squirrel he saw Gwen, and in the place of the King and Queen he saw an old hag who he recognized as being Madam Mim and beside her there was a dark and dangerous looking wizard that looked like a much darker version of Merlin. \"What has been going on here!\" Arthur asked in bewilderment. \"I'll tell you what's been going on,\" Merlin said at once. \"Mim and Dragmore here set up everything around here so they could get rid of you and then take the throne of England for themselves.\" Arthur was too stunned to speak. And then Dragmore advanced on Merlin as he took out his own wand. \"Merlin, this is the last straw! I never thought I'd have to resort to this, but I guess it had to come at the last minute,\" he then took out his wand and lifted it high above his head at Merlin and cried out, \"Ob-li-dee-obli!\" Merlin, however was ready for this and he produced a large hand mirror and held it out in front of him so that Dragmore's spell was backfired back onto him. Then the next moment the old wizard grasped his heart and made a choking sound. Then a look of complete shock came over his ugly features. \"My- my magic is gone from me!\" he gasped in horror. \"Of course it's gone from you,\" Merlin said obviously. \"You may have been an expert at black magic and stuff,\" he continued, \"but you were never an expert at learning about how spells can be bounced back, which is why I've always had this mirror with me. Now I know that a dark wizard without magic is a miserable creature indeed, so I'll put you out of your misery!\" Merlin then lifted his wand and cried out, \"Squa-sqea!\" And instantly Lord Dragmore was turned into a tiny little black mouse and scampered away. Mim glared at Merlin and said, \"You may have done away with my master, but you will not be rid of me, old goat! I'll be back!\" And with that she vanished from sight. Arthur then began to recover from his shock. He turned to Gwen and embraced her. \"Gwen! I'm so glad you're alright. I was so worried about you. Where were you?\" \"Mim turned me into a squirrel and I was locked in a dungeon until Merlin came and freed me,\" she explained. She then looked at him seriously. \"Now I'd like to know what you were doing by kissing that girl you were dancing with after me.\" Arthur sighed and shook his head as he explained, \"I didn't kiss her, Gwen. She kissed me. I had no part in it at all.\" \"And she wasn't really there at all,\" added Merlin. \"She was just an illusion conjured up by Mim and Dragmore to deceive you both.\" \"Oh, I see now,\" said Gwen. \"I'm sorry, Arthur. I might have known you wouldn't kiss her. You're not the kissing type, are you?\" \"I don't know,\" said Arthur. \"I've never tried it before.\" \"Well, would you like to practice?\" asked Gwen with her eyes shining brightly. \"I don't know,\" he said. \"When did you have in mind?\" \"Right now,\" she replied. And with that she laid a soft and sweet kiss momentarily on his lips. \"Gosh, that felt kind of good,\" said Arthur smiling a little in amazement. \"I'll have to try it again sometime.\" Merlin smiled and then cleared his throat to get their attention. \"Well, now I'd hate to be abrupt at this moment but I think there is more business for us to attend to before this is done.\" He then apparated them all away.[Chapter 10] They reappeared in the dungeon of Arthur's castle. They heard a great deal of loud snarling and growling. They looked and in the very dim light they could make out the forms of Kay swinging his sword at a gigantic monster that looked like a cross of a dragon, an alligator, and a hippopotamus. Kay was apparently trying to cut it's neck but it kept moving to and fro and away from his strikes and also made motions that looked like it was trying to bite off his head. \"Look!\" exclaimed Arthur. \"It's Kay! And what is that thing?\" Merlin squinted in the darkness and then lit up his wand with a candle-light glow and saw the beast Kay was in the midst of battling. His eyes went wide with realization and shock. \"Oh my word!\" he gasped. \"It's the Hippolagotorgon!\" \"Is that a bad thing?\" asked Arthur fearfully. And just then Kay finally managed to make a small cut across the monster's chin and a small bit of blood trickled down from it. The beast let out a mighty roar that echoed through the dungeon's walls and shook them. It then made another snap towards Kay's head. \"Kay! Look out!\" exclaimed Arthur. Then just in time, Kay leaped out of the way of the beast's jaws. \"Kay, you fool!\" exclaimed Merlin. \"Don't try to slay the Hippolagatorgon! It has to tough flesh and bones to be sliced through, and if you hurt it like you just did you will only provoke it into eating you!\" Kay seemed to heed Merlin's warning as he lowered his sword and slowly backed away from the behemoth. \"What are we going to do about it?\" asked Gwen fretfully. Merlin thought a moment and then he seemed to have a bright idea. \"I think I know!\" He stepped cautiously up to the Hippolagatorgon and reached out touched the tip of his wand to the cut on its chin as he whispered, \"Heal-ios!\" and then the cut was instantly healed. The behemoth then seemed to calm and feel at ease around Merlin. It made a low growling sound and leaned its face closer toward Merlin's as if in gratitude. \"You are a very remarkable creature indeed, you are,\" Merlin said coaxingly. \"And very rare, too, I must say.\" He reached up and patted the behemoth's head as near as he could. He then aimed his wand at it once again and whispered, \"Uno-stan-o!\" And the the beast blinked suddenly as if it were seeing for the first time, and then it spoke to Merlin in a very deep, and gravelly voice. \"Why, you must be a wizard yourself. Though I must say you are much better one than Lord Dragmore because you are showing me kindness. He was always hulling me around and beating me with a whip and forcing me to carry him from place to place on my back without hardly ever even giving me anything to eat or drink.\" \"I see,\" said Merlin thoughtfully. \"Well, Lord Dragmore is gone now, in a manner of speaking at least, so now you are free to go wherever you want to go.\" The great beast looked suddenly enraptured at this. \"I can! Really? I can home to my island! Was it you who defeated Lord Dragmore and set me free?\" Merlin nodded proudly and the beast exclaimed, \"Oh thank you, good wizard!\" It then bent forward and gave Merlin a rather big and sloppy kiss. \"Now, now! None of that! Just be glad you can go home,\" Merlin said hastily. Merlin then apparated them all out of the dungeon and into the courtyard. Then the Hippolagatorgon spread it's huge scaly wings and took off through air with a great gust of wind that nearly swept them off their feet, and flew away. \"Wow, Merlin!\" Arthur said amazement. \"How did you know just what to do?\" \"It's easy if you know all about rare creatures like the Hippolagatorgon, as well as a little magic to go with it,\" Merlin replied humbly. Merlin then turned to face Kay and said, \"Now Kay, I trust that since we found you where we did that you now know what has been going on all this time as well as we do?\" Kay nodded very solemnly while frowning dejectedly. \"Good,\" said Merlin. \"So now do you have anything to say for yourself and to Arthur?\" Kay sighed and said, \"I'm sorry, you lot. Really I am. That old hag appeared to me as my guardian angel and made me think I should be King. Now I see how foolish I have been all this time and that you, Arthur, are the only true King of England. And,\" he added a bit sheepishly, \"If you're offer of being your knight is still open I'd be honored to have it.\" \"Of course, Kay,\" Arthur said in a forgiving tone. \"Well,\" said Merlin. \"Now that that's all over with, why don't we all go into the castle and celebrate our victory?\" To this they all agreed. Merlin looked at Arthur with Gwen and thought they made an even nicer couple as humans than they did as squirrels and hoped they would enjoy a bright future with each other, whatever may come. ","Summary":" Young King Arthur was in the Royal Study with his mentor and magician Merlin and his owl Archimedes"},{"Movie":"Mirror Mirror","Title":"White And Red","Author":"HazelHype","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8314621","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You know the story as old as time itself. Of the young girl. Lips red as a rose. Hair black as night. Skin white as snow. But did you know...she had a sister. In the old stories of Snow White, she had a younger sister named Rose Red. Fair skin, freckled-rosey cheeks, dark brown eyes, long red hair. That's right. I'm here to explain my part in this story. But it's not gonna be in my point of view, but rather third person. Once upon a time in a kingdom, far far away, a baby girl was born. Her skin was pure as snow. Her hair was dark as night. They called her...Snow White. Probably because that was the most pretensious name they could come up with. As fate would have it, Snow White's mother died in child birth. Left on his own, her father spoiled the young girl. He could afford to, of course. He was the king. But something very odd happened one day. While on a stroll in the forest, the king came across a carriage that had been burned. It looked to have been destroyed very resently. The owner more likely than not couldn't afford the payments. A s he walked closer, he heard soft sobbing. Walking even closer, he peeked inside and saw a young girl, at least a few months younger than his daughter, covered in dirt and ashes. Despite being filthy, her skin glowed, having freckled-rosey cheeks, dark brown eyes, and rosey red hair. When asked what her name was, she replied, \"I do not have one.\" It was rather strange. And wanting his daughter to have a friend and wanting to have more children, the king took the child home. He named her...Rose Red. At least, it's original, I'll give him that. Snow White lovingly took Rose Red as a sister, and the king happily took her as his second daughter. And Rose Red took both of them as her beloved family. The king loved his daughters, and all his subjects loved him. The kingdom was a happy place. People danced and sang all day and all night. Apparently, no one had a job back then. Just singing and dancing all day and all night. But I digress. The king raised the little girls by himself, grooming them to, one day, lead. But over time, he realized there were certain things he couldn't teach them. So he sought out a new queen. This queen was the most beautiful woman in the world. She was intelligent, and strong, just to clarrify, she was me. And this is my story, not their's. Bewitched by my beauty, the king begged me to marry him. I was everything to him. The stars. The moon. But a dark magic invaded the land. The brave king bid fairwell to Snow White and Rose Red, leaving the eldest his favorite dagger, and his youngest an old key on a golden chain. Both rather interesting gifts, but more on that later. He rode off into the dark woods and sadly, was never. Seen. Again. Both Snow White and Rose Red searched and searched for their father. And when they realized he was truly gone, they. Were. Devistated. The girls were now left under the care the beautiful queen. Ten years passed, and both Snow White and Rose Red grew older and blossomed. But the kingdom fell into an icy despair as the queen realized if she wanted to remain the most beautiful woman in all the land, well, snow and rose had to do what snow and rose do best. Snow would have to fall. And Rose would have to wilt and die... Snow opened her window, looking out into the kingdom. She was wearing a pink silk flowery dress. Her bedroom door opened, causing her to suddenly turn around. She smiled when she saw it was Rose Red. \"Rosey, since when do you come to my room bright and early in the morning?\" \"Since my beloved sister turned eighteen. Which happened just this morning.\" Rose answered with a grin. She was wearing a lavender silk dress with black trim. A blue bird suddenly flew into Snow's room, landing on a wooden chair. \"Looks like I'm not the only one who wants to wish you a happy birthday this morning.\" Snow smiled as she walked toward the bird. \"Hello there. Would you like a treat?\" She then walked over to her nightstand. Picking up a slice of apple, Snow picked the seed from it. \"Here you go.\" The older sister held it out for the bird, who ate it immediately. Trumpets sounded from the great hall, catching the attention of both girls. \"Oh, I think the party started.\" Rosey said. \"We should go down and see.\" Snow suggested. \"I'm not to sure about that, Snow. What will our step mother say?\" Rose asked. \"Well, I am eighteen now, and soon you will be as well. She must let us out sooner or later.\" The older sister stated. \"I doubt it. That woman is as merciful as she is generous.\" The younger sister muttered. As the princesses snuck down stairs, they over heard the barren speak to the queen about marriage. Rose had to clasp her hands over her mouth to keep from laughing. That would be a complete mistake...on the barren's part. Being married to that wicked old witch would be a nightmare. They then heard the decree she was making. \"Any busybodies caught rumorring, gossipping, whispering, or even thinking shall be put to death.\" She said it so casually. \"How does that sound?\" She asked Bryton. \"It's decisive.\" He answered. Snow didn't like it anymore than Rose did. It was insane to think that death for your own benefit should be legal. They tried to sneak a little further, but they were caught by the queen. \"Snow White? Rose Red?\" The sisters turned to their step mother. \"Is there a fire?\" She whispered. Snow and Rose walked up to her. \"I'm sorry?\" Snow asked a little nervously. The queen beckoned them to sit at her feet. Both of them walked over and sat in front of their step mother. \"Are your bedrooms on fire?\" She asked with a sharp tone. \"Because I'm searching for an explanation as to why you would be out of your bedrooms and in here. And my first guess was fire.\" \"I thought maybe I could come to the gala.\" Snow spoke in a whispered voice. She bore a hopeful smile on her face. \"You know? Because today, I'm...today's my eighteenth birthday.\" \"Is it now?\" The queen whispered with a fake smile, grasping Snow's hand. \"And Rose, too, because she'd be my invited guest.\" She added. \"Oh, really?\" The queen looked at Rose, only to find her giving a bored stare. \"Do I bore you, Rose Red?\" \"Do you want me to be nice or do you want to know the truth?\" Unlike her sister, Rose wasn't afraid of the queen. She knew she'd never get the throne, being that she was adopted. But she didn't want the throne. She always wanted to be captain of the guard. But they would never allow it because she was a girl. Her background before she was rescued by the king was a circus life. She was flexible, able to bend her body in any direction. A contortionist. Her stage name was \"The Human Knot! A Seven Year Old Girl Who Can Twist Her Body Into Knots!\". Whenever she wasn't performing, she was called \"the child\". \"I would ver much gladly prefer you to be nice.\" The queen answered with mock smile. \"Very well. Just remember, I'm horrible at pretending.\" Rose then cleared her thoat and stood up. \"No, Mummy-Dearest. You don't bore me at all. You lack of culture, kindness and a beating heart don't bore me at the very least.\" Rose recited in an over dramatic voice. The barren snickered and Bryton snorted. The others in the hall had to hide their smiles and smirks. \"Bryton!\" The queen yelled. \"Yes, your magesty?\" The feeble servant answered. \"Take her to her room. And make sure she stays there.\" The queen spat with venom. Bryton grabbed the young princess's arm, trying to pull her away. Rose jerked her arm from him, not giving the queen any satisfaction of watching her be dragged. She walked across the room to the stairs with her head held high and having Bryton right behind her. When they were completely out of sight and earshot, Rose completely crumbled and fell to her knees. \"I can't believe I just did that, Bryton.\" She wanted to be free of this miserable palace. \"They say a prison is a prison, no matter how beautiful it may be. Now, I may have locked myself into an eternal cell.\" Bryton knelt down next to the young woman and hugged her. Bryton was always like an uncle to her. \"Don't worry. Everything will be fine...hopefully.\" He moved to kneel in front of her. Once he was there, he lifted her face to look at him. He couldn't help the fatherly gester of wiping away her tears. \"You and your sister are the only reason I stay here. Your father was always very kind to me, and you two always did the same.\" He then helped Rose stand up and led her to the kitchen. He always took her there instead of her room. But before he opened the door, he reached into his coat pocket and pulled out a small box. \"Here. I took it to the silver smith and had it polished. I wanted to wait until your birthday, but I think you need it now.\" Rose slowly took the box and opened it, revealing her father's key, beautifully polished and on a new golden chain. \"Oh, Bryton. Thank you, so much. I thought I had lost this.\" She then handed it back to Bryton and turned around, holding her hair off of her neck. Bryton hooked the clasp to the loop so the chain made a necklace. The key dangled from the chain like a charm. \"It's rumored that the key goes to a secret room. Every door in the palace has been tested and the key goes to none of them. So, whatever this goes to, the king has entrusted it to only you. It must something of great importance, or he would have given that key to someone like me.\" Bryton chuckled. \"No. You were just as important to my father as I was. So don't let that wind bag wench tell you otherwise.\" Both laughed at the small joke. \" And thank you again for polishing the key, Bryton. I very much appreciate it.\" They hugged again and parted. Bryton headed toward the ball room and Rose headed into the kitchen.[Chapter 2] Nearly fifteen minutes later, Rose and the kitchen staff stoodtogether, holding a cupcake with a single lit candle. Everyone had put the small gesture together, knowing it would make Snow White happy. Soft footsteps made everyone aware of a coming presence. All in the kitchen gathered together, waiting for the older princess to enter. The moment Snow White entered the kitchen, Rose Red cleared her throat. The soft sound caught the older sister's attention. Turning, she was surprized to find everyone together. \"Happy Birthday, Snow!\" Everyone cheered. \"You remembered.\" The princess stated. \"Of course, we remembered.\" Margaret said with a smile. \"A girl's eighteenth birthday is the most important birthday of them all.\"She led Snow White to her cupcake as sh spoke. \"And soon, Rose will join you.\" Both sister's smiled at each other, knowing full well how close they were with everything. Snow looked at the candle and quickly blew it out. Everyone clapped and soon went back to work. Margaret led Snow and Rose to two stools, one for each sister. \"Do you two want to know what I wish for both of your birthdays.\" \"You can't make a wish for us.\" Snow stated sadly. \"It's something we have to do for ourselves.\" Rose said. \"Do you two know why I continue to work for that wretched queen year after year?\" When both of them shook their heads \"no\", Margaret continued to answer. \"I do it because I know that one day you two are going to take back your kindom, and I want to be here when that happens.\" \"It is not our kingdom.\" Snow replied gently. \"Oh, but it is.\" Margaret corrected. \"Your father meant for you two to inherit his crown.\" \"How can that be if only one of us is meant to be queen?\" Rose asked. \"Ahh, but whose to say that this is the only kingdom to rule, Rosey?\" Margaret asked. \"The king had went far and wide to find suitors for Snow White for when she would become old enough. Whose to say he didn't do the same for you when you arrived?\" While Rose pondered on the thought, she stood and walked out of the kitchen. She knew that her sister needed to hear this talk more than she did. Rose walked up to her room. She knew that the queen would be in her room since the game between her and Baron was over. More likely than not, the queen would just be in her room staring at her reflection in a mirror. When she found out about the ballroom being unoccupied when she was younger, she took advantage of it. She had a full-body unitard with a harliquin crown hood that was made by the royal seamstress. Solid black and skin tight, just like her outfit in the circus. She loved entertaining the guards and personel. It felt great to perform once again. And, yes, they knew it was her. And they had sworn to keep it a secret. Once she slipped her unitard on, Rose sat in front of her vanity mirror and applied a white cream to her face. Once her complextion was paler than her sister's, she took a thin brush and dabbed in black ink. She painted the outline of her eyes and covered her lips. Once she was sure the ink had dried, Rose pulled back her hair and tucked it neatly and flatly under the hood. The only skin that was exposed was her face. She was ready, and it only took her half an hour from start to finish. She mostly did this to annoy the queen. She only ever caught small glimpses of the mysterious harliquin. And she truly did not mind. The queen found her more entertaining than anything else in the kingdom. So she saw no harm in letting her stay. And even though it didn't annoy the queen, Rose found it hilarious that she didn't know it was her. Rose walked silently down the staircase, only to freeze when she saw Bryton escort two half naked men into the hall. \"Wait one moment, I shall retrieve the queen.\" She heard him say. Once the executive boot-licker was gone, Rose started a row of graceful and silent backflips. \"Sire? Do you see what see?\" The smaller man asked as he stared at Rose. \"Yes, Renbock. A grand ballroom made of only the finest in everything.\" The Taller man stated, staring at the upper half of the room. Renbock nudged the prince and motioned toward the harliquin, who stopped right in front of the visitors. She stood on the tips of her toes, leaning forward just slightly, and her arms straightened and risen at an angle above her hips. The prince turned and stared at her, curious of the sight. \"Who is this?\" Rose smirked as she skipped past the men, only to bend backwards, smiling at them. Once her hands were flat against the floor, she lifted her legs above the rest of her body. She then did a split on mid-air, pausing only a moment when she heard them, as well as everyone else in the room, give her an applause. She then switched her blance onto her right hand, slowly raising her left to a ninety degree angle to her body. \"I must say, Renbock. We have no such entertainment in Valencia.\" She heard the prince comment. Rose then bent her legs forward, making her back into a perfect arch. Once on her feet, she straightened up, smiling the whole time. \"You are incredible. You must tell us your name.\" The prince pleaded. Just at that moment, a voice interrupted. \"No one knows her name,\" Everyone, even Rose, bowed to the queen. She had to keep her identity a secret if she wanted to continue this charade. The queen walked to the throne and sat in it before continuing. \"For she does not speak. And I must know who these strangers are that are gracing my presence.\" Renbock faced the queen as he said, \"Your Highness, may I present to you the esteemed Prince Alcott of Valencia.\" Alcott bowed and said, \"Your Majesty. Please pardon our dress. I'm afraid my valet and I were robbed by bandits as we entered your kingdom.\" Rose was stuggling to not laugh. Not at the strangers, but at the queen's response. \"Bandits? How awful. How absolutely terrifying and smooth and hairy.\" The following words were more than enough to explain the situation. First was Prince Alcott. \"What?\" Then the queen. \"What?\" Then Renbock. \"What?\" Then Bryton. \"What?\" Rose couldn't help but shrug her response. It was a silent \"What?\" The the queen again, only it was more of a wine this time. \"What?\" \"Nothing.\" Bryton wisely answered. Rose did feel sorry for the two men. They looked so vulerable in their attire in front of the queen. And Alcott was the first to talk about it. \"Could I trouble you for a covering? Perhaps a shirt?\" \"If you must.\" The queen responded. Before anything else happened, Rose jogged across the room to one of the draped. It was an extravigant green one that she always found ugly. She ripped it from the rod that held it up, knowing that it had a better use. She jogged back to the prince and kindly handed it to him. He smiled and said, \"Thank you, Miss. You're very kind.\" Rose smiled as she shrugged and stepped back. The prince drapped the cloth over his shoulders. The queen then spoke up. Valencia, you say. I've ever heard of it. Is it a wee hamlet?\" \"No, no. Quite the contrary, Your Highness. It's a bountiful province.\" Rose's eyes widened as she heard the prince. Every word from his mouth was now going to be told, or rather a better word for it would be \"fed\", to a parasite from that moment on. \"We have many natural resourses. Gold, silver, bustling silk trade...\" The prince spoke with pride. \"You don't say.\" Those were the last words Rose heard from the queen before she excused herself. Once she was gone, Alcott and Renbock looked at each other with confusion. \"What do you think that was about?\" The prince asked. Renbock merely shrugged. Rose turned to him and huffed. \"You just dug your own torturous grave.\" And she left, leaving the two men awestruck.[Chapter 3] Rose had stepped out of her room, waering the dress she wore before, no makeup on her skin whatsoever. She walked down the staircase, knowing the queen would be in her room. She needed to talk with the prince and fast. Once downstairs, she saw the two men talking to each other as they walked toward the entrance, Renbock now wore a silk pink garment that didn't look right on a man at all. As Rose Red walked closer, she heard their conversation. \"You will return as quickly as possible and you will bring with you a platoon of castle guards.\" The prince ordered. She couldn't help but snort at his demand. Thankfully, they didn't hear her. \"Just look at how she's dressed me, sire. Like a pink profiterole.\" Renbock complained. \"That reminds me. We need clothes. And gold. An army.\" Alcott made a short list. \"Clothes?\" The valet asked. \"Why? Do you not like the queen's taste in mean's fashion?\" His voice just dripped with sarcasm. \"Have you been listening to anything I've said?\" The prince questioned. \"Yes. Soldiers. Gold. Clothes.\" Renbock went down the list. \"Yes.\" Alcott agreed. \"Yes.\" The ginger repeated. \"Good.\" The royal stated. But what was said next surprised Rose. \"Only if you say 'please'.\" The prince was silent at first before placing his hand on Renbock's shoulder and saying, \"Please, Renbock.\" \"Look, sire,\" The valet started. \"I implore you to come back with me now. the queen...radiates crazy.\" Rose had to bite her tongue to keep from laughing. \"You know these women always get crazy when there's a prince around.\" Alcott whispered in response. \"No, no. There's 'I'm in the same room as a prince' crazy, and then there's just 'good old-fashioned, plain, traditional psycho' crazy\" Renbock clarrified. \"I fear she's the latter.\" \"Alcott patted Renbock's shoulder. \"Safe travels, Renbock. And when you return, I pray you're wearing your pants.\" And with that, he gently pushed his friend toward the door. He didn't leave before replying, \"Well, I will pray the same for you, sire. I bid you adieu.\" And with that, Renbock mounted a horse and rode off. Alcott turned around, only to jump when he saw a young woman with red hair smiling at him. \"Oh. Hello. I didn't see you.\" \"I'm sorry, your highness. It was not my intension to frighten you.\" She replied. \"I wasn't frightened. I was meerly startled.\" The prince clarrified. Of course, he was that kind of man. The kind who thought they were better and thought that they knew more than everyone else. The kind of man who were always overly confident. It was enough to let a small giggle escape past Rose's lips. The prince found her giggle adorable. \"What is your name, Miss?\" \"My name is Rose Red.\" She simply answered. \"Your voice sounds familiar. Do I know you?\" He asked. He could have sworn he heard her voice from somewhere before, but he just was not exactly sure. \"I'm afraid not. I would remember knowing someone like you.\" She said with a sly grin. Rose always thought that it was fun to deceive certain people. And the prince was already started to join the list of those certain people. Alcott smiled and stepped forward, grasping Rose's hand and kissing it. \"I must say, your name suits you very well.\" \"Thank you. But you do realise the queen is crazy, just so you know.\" \"Oh please. Women always go crazy when there's a prince around.\" Alcott reasoned. \"No. There's the kind of crazy you just described, and then there's my absolute favorite kind. The 'good old-fashioned, plain, traditional psycho' crazy. And since I have known the queen for much longer than you have, I know for a fact that she's the latter.\" Rose giggled at the prince's confused expression. Deciding to change the topic, Alcott asked, \"What is you do here, Rose?\" \"My sister and I live here. We're the princesses.\" She answered. \"Really? Well, as beautiful as you are, what does your sister look like?\" \"She has skin that is as pure as snow. And her hair is as black as night. And her lips are as red as a rose. She's my older sister, though. So she's to marry before myself.\" \"Well, I would very much like to meet her.\" He smiled. Rose smiled back. \"You will, I make sure of it.\" She kept imagining what her true love would be like. It was a pondering thought that Rose had always wondered. Would he be sweet? Would he listen to her? Would he think of her before himself? Would he be there as a shoulder to cry upon? Would he be romantic? So many questions were swimming through her mind as she walked down the halls to the kitchen. Rose then walked to the kithen just as Snow White ran in from outside. \"Baker Margaret! Baker Margaret! Margaret, it's worse than you could ever imagine!\" \"You saw the town?\" The baker lady asked as Snow hugged her. Rose walked over and wrapped her arms around her sister to comfort her. \"Yes. It's awful. The queen has destroyed everything our father believed in.\" Snow cried as she grasped her sister. \"She's taxing them more as we speak, even though they have nothing.\" \"Oh, that's to pay for all her lavish parties. She's throwing one tonight. For a prince.\" Margaret started forming a plan as she explained. \"A prince is here?\" Snow questioned. \"And, Snow, it's said he has an army.\" \"Well, maybe he could help us.\" Snow responded. \"If he truly has an army, maybe he could help up take back the kingdom.\" \"My goodness. Someone's had quite a day.\" Margaret then made her plan known. \"And you're gonna have an even bigger night, the both of you. You two are gonna crash that ball.\" ok, its clear that Snow White was a swan, so...what should Rose Red be dressed as. put you suggestions in your reviews, and you can put more than one if you want to, i just need to know, cuz i'll be honest, idk what to have her dress as.[Chapter 4] ok, after reading the reviews and thinking hard on ideas that i had, i'll compare. graciegirl000- the queen dressed as a peacock, so i think it would be silly to dress Rose as the same thing. the butterfly thing i liked, but then i remembered that Bryton was dressed as a cockroach, and i couldn't get the idea of the antenas out of my head, it made me laugh too much. Angel of Love and Fluffy Stuff- a red cardinal? well, not a bad idea, but everyone is wearing different shades of black, white and gray, plus Snow was already a bird, i wanted something a that wasn't related to Snow's costume at all, but it was a very good idea, and it was original. Queen of sharks- a tiger was pretty good. but i still don't think I should present Rose as something as furosious as a tiger. i loved everyone's ideas, but i could only choose 1. so, in the end, i decided on angel2u's idea. Snow White left her room dressed as a beautiful swan. Her white dress was white and had elegant wings on the shoulders. She wore arm warmer that went from her palms to her elbows. Her black hair was pulled back into a tight bun. And she wore a hair piece that fit the top of her head that was shaped like a swan's head and neck. She stood there, waiting for her sister. \"Rosey? Come out and let me see you.\" \"No! I look like a fool!\" Rose cried from behind her door. \"Margaret and the rest of the staff worked hard to give us these dresses. So for me, as a birthday gift, would you come out so I could see you?\" Snow knew her sister would do anything if she pulled the sweet sister card. And it worked. Rose slowly openned her door, cautious to not go too fast. Stepping out, Snow smiled as she saw her sister's costume for the ball. She wore a strapless white gown with a lace corset top, the skirt looked just like her own, only, behind it where the laces would tie for the corset, a fluffy tail was there instead. She wore arm warmers that stretched from her wrists to the middle of her upper arms. Her hair had been tightly curled, making it look half its normal length. And what really sold it was a beautiful mask that was shaped like the head of an arctic fox. That was her costume, an arctic fox. \"You are truly a beauty tonight, dear sister.\" Snow stated with a smile. \"The fox is known to by sly and mischievious. So it fits you so perfectly.\" She added with a slight giggle. \"I feel ridiculous.\" Rose complained. \"Well, you certainly don't look ridiculous.\" Snow countered. \"At least your costume is perfect. Swans are known to be graceful and beautiful, the animal version of you.\" The younger sister complained. \"Now, let's go meet the prince.\" The older one said. And with that, the sisters walked, hand in hand, down the stairs and to the ball. Once there, they both walked together. They didn't want to separate and be caught twice as fast. As they stood in the middle of the ball room, they heard the announcement of the queens address. \"Her Majesty the Queen!\" Everyone turned to bow to her, even the sisters. They noticed that she was wearing a gorgeous red dress with white peacock feathers and a peacock's tail. \"His Royal Highness, the Prince of Valencia!\" Everyone gasped at the announcement. Apparently, no one else had known he was here. Rose nearly aughed as she saw the prince dressed as a rabbit. But that was fine, as long as the princesses could speak to him. \"In floklore, the rabbit is known to use cunning and trickery to outwit his enemies.\" The queen stated. \"Or perhaps you prefer your guests feel out of control and slightly uncomfortable.\" The prince countered. \"Handsome and smart. How confusing.\" The queen stated with a slight smile. They stepped in line with men lining up behind them. Before the music started, Rose could hear Baron snap his fingers, telling the prince to move. She then wondered who was going to be her partner. She heard quick footsteps that suddenly silenced behind her sister. She felt a knowing smirk slide onto her face. As the music played, everyone turned around. Rose turned to find her first partner dressed as a parrot. She smiled at him kindly and turned to find her sister staring at the prince, and him staring right back. She was confused. And even more so as she heard their conversation. \"You.\" The prince stated. \"You!\" The proncess gasped. \"You're here.\" He said. \"I-I am. I'm here. But...your the prince?\" Snow questioned. Then the waltz started. \"I'm sorry. Do you two know each other?\" Rose interrupted. Snow blushed a little. \"Yes. I found him in the woods tied upside down.\" The prince ignored Rose as he stared at her sister. \"I'm sorry. Seeing you in this dress has caused me to lose my words.\" \"Well, at least it doesn't cause you to lose your pants.\" Snow sighed after she realized what she said. \"I mean, when I met you first, you weren't wearing pants.\" \"Yes.\" Alcott stated with a humorous smile. \"Well, at least now, you're dressed...up.\" The older sister stated. \"Like a bunny?\" \"Apparently it's a rabbit. Something about trickery and enemies and cunning.\" Then they traded partners. The prince, instead of moving to the right, moved to his left and pushed Rose's new partner over to the right. He then bowed to her like everyone did with their partners. \"Oh, okay.\" Snow simply replied. \"I look like an idiot.\" Alcott finally resoned. \"Yes a little bit.\" Rose reponded as both she and Snow giggled. When he saw Rose, his jaw dropped. \"It's you.\" \"I know it's me. There's only one me.\" She giggled. The prince smiled at her humor. Alcott paused for a moment. \"So, what are you two-\" \"Doing in the palace?\" Rose finished. When the prince nodded, Snow picked up. \"We live here. We have for a while, actually. We're kinda the princess, myself and Rose.\" \"Wait, so this is the sister you descibed to me earlier today, Rose?\" He asked. When Rose smiled and nodded, Alcott turned back to Snow White. \"Why didn't you tell me you were a princess?\" He asked as he traded partners again, going back to Snow. Rose's new partner was dressed as a frog. \"Well, you didn't tell me you're a prince.\" Snow countered. \"Well, I feared I lokked ridiculous\" After seeing the knowing looks from the sisters, he realised his mistake. \"Said the prince in the bunny hat.\" The princesses giggled while the prince chuckled. Rose decided to go for a brief walk. Her sister needed th confidence boost, and dancing with the prince was doing just that. After a few minutes of greating some guests, She noticed her sister rushing away from the prince. With concern, she quickly followed, but before she could get to her, she watched her sister get snatched away so fast that her head piece slipped off. It didn't take a much to know where she was being taken. As quick as a fox, pun intended, she ran up to the balcony, hoping her sister would be alright. (A/N: i couldnt get the mask to save on my profile, so heres the link- www. gringrimaceandsqueak. co. uk/goings-on-at-grin-hq/silver-fox oh, and plz review[Chapter 5] Rose hid behind the closed curtain as she heard the conversation on the other side. It took every ounce of her self control to not grab the queen and choke her to death. \"You sneaky little tart. What were you doing, talking to my prince?\" \"Your prince?\" Snow White questioned. \"And where did you get such a dress?\" Snow looked down at her dress before asking, \"Would you rather talk about my dress or what you did to the village?\" Rose just wanted to strangle the queen for mocking her sister. \"Good for you, Snow White! Someone's been taking her confidence pills, hmm? Do it again. Say it again. Come on.\" She was only given silence and a cold stare. \"Oh, you're no fun!\" She then turned to Bryton. \"Bryton, you do it.\" \"Do you want to talk about my dress or what you did to the village?\" The executive bootlicker repeated nervously. \"Not irritating enough. Come on. Say it again. Be more irritating, more infuriating. Hmm?\" \"Do want to talk about my dress or about what you did to the village?\" Bryton tried with a high pitched voice. \"Actually, you're both irritating.\" The queen concluded. Snow finally couldn't stay silent any longer. \"I've been there. I've seen what you did to the people.\" \"You left the castle grounds?\" The queen asked. \"Wow. Snow White breaking all the rules today, hmm? I expected this more from your annoying brat of a sister. That's a punishable offense, you know?\" \"By whose law?\" Snow demanded. \"You have no right to rule the way you do. And technically, I'm the rightful leader of this kingdom.\" Bryton gasped. This wasn't good. Even Rose's eyes had widened. She'd never stood up to the evil witch like that. \"Mmm. Probably not the best thing you could have said just there.\" The queen's evil tone sent shivers down Rose's spine. She knew that this wasn't good. Snow sat in the hall, hands tied behind her back. Rose ran over and knelt next to her. \"Are you okay?\" \"No. I just know that she's going to do something to me.\" \"Whatever she does, it can't be because of the dress.\" Rose stated as she removed her mask. Suddenly, Bryton showed up and picked Snow up and led her away. \"Bryton, where are you taking her?\" \"It's none of your concern Rose. Stay here.\" And with that, he took the older sister away. 'As if I ever do anything I'm told.' She said to herself as she followed them. Rose had stay far enough behind so Bryton wouldn't see her. She wound up following their tracks in the snow. As she walked, she heard growling and some branches snaping in the trees. A few minutes afterward, she heard Bryton screaming and he ran into her, knocking them both in the snow. She saw that he was alone. \"Bryton! Where's my sister!\" She demanded. \"I couln't do it.\" He studdered. \"I let her go. I couldn't kill her.\" He hugged the princess as he cried. Rose let a small smile show as she pulled away to look at him. \"Bryton, go to the kitchen when you get back and put some of the raw meats in a sack. Show them to the queen and tell them that they're my sister's parts.\" Bryton nodded and ran back to the palace. Rose quickly stood and ran, following the tracks. When she saw a figure up ahead, she screamed, \"SNOW! SNOW WHITE!\" The older sister turned around to fing Rose not too far behind her. \"Rosey?\" She cried before turning back, only for her face to collide with a brach. Snow stopped and felt dizzy. Then, she fell down knocked out cold. Rose ran up and knelt next to her sister, looking aroun frantically. \"HELP! SOMEONE, PLEASE HELP US!\" She kept screaming until her throat was soar, only to collapse from exhaustion. Rose was the first to awaken. She looked around, not sure where she was. The first clear thing she saw was her sister on her left, still asleep. She didn't her to still sleep, so she started shaking her. \"Snow. Snow.\" Rose whuspered as she shook her sister's shoulder. Snow's eyes slowly fluttered open and turned to Rose. \"You came for me.\" She whispered. \"Of course. Your my sister.\" Both sisters briefly hugged before looking at their new surroundings. They saw that they were in a small two story house, surrounded by seven little people. Two were sitting on the upper floor, watching the sisters carefully. Another was sitting next to a pole eating a piece of bread. Both girls looked to their right to find one sitting next them, who grinned when they looked at him. Looking behind them, they found one that was chuckling and waved at them. Rose smiled a little bit and gave a small wave back. The last two were sitting at a table facing them. One with a pink sash around his neck was the first to speak. \"They're awake.\" All of the dwarves, except for the one on their right and the ones on the upper floor, stood up and and took a step closer to the sisters. \"Who are you?\" Snow White asked in a weak voice. \"We ask the questions around here.\" The one who carried a walking stick and seemed to be the leader stated. \"Who are you two?\" \"My name is Snow White.\" The older one replied. \"And I am Rose Red.\" The younger one stated. \"That's impossible.\" The leader reponded. \"Snow White and Rose Red are defective trolls.\" One of the dwarves on the upper floor said. He seemed to be the toughest of the seven. Rose heard the one from before chuckle again. \"Yeah. They keep them locked up in the tower.\" The other dwarf on the upper floor added. He was wearing animal furs. \"Maybe, this is a different Snow White and Rose Red.\" The one eating suggested. \"The dwarf right next to the girls said, \"Huh?\" \"It's not such an uncommon name.\" The one eating reasoned. \"If you're Snow White and Rose Red, then whose your father?\" The dwarf with e sash asked. \"The king.\" They answered together. \"They are Snow White and Rose Red, see?\" The one eating cried. \"I say never trust anyone over four feet.\" The tough one stated. \"Yeah.\" The one wearing the furs agreed as he slid down the pole. \"Let's drag them back into the woods and pretend like we didn't see nothing.\" \"No, you fools!\" The leader detested. \"They're princesses.\" \"That means they're valuable.\" The chuckling one stated. \"We should hold them for ransom.\" The one with furs added. \"They're worth gold.\" The tough one stated. \"Lots of gold.\" The one eating added. \"Maybe we should get to know them first.\" The one next to them suggested as he swung his legs and smiled with a dreammy look. The sisters sat up and Snow said, \"You won't get any gold for me. They want me dead.\" \"What about her?\" The one with furs asked as he pointed to Rose. \"I'd be thrown in prison.\" She stated. \"Why?\" The one with the sash asked curiously. \"Because the very moment I'd set foot into the kingdom, I'd find the queen and slit her throat for having my sister sent out here to be killed by the beast.\" Rose answered. \"Why would the queen want her dead?\" The tough one asked. \"Because she's wicked.\" Snow answered. The other dwarves chattered, agreeing with what she said. Suddenly, a loud thus caused everyone, even the princesses, to look up at the toughest dwarf. \"Sorry, but we have an appointment to keep.\" He then slid down the pole before he continued. \"So it's time for girlies to shuffle along.\" \"Oh, wait! You can't just kick us out. We have no where else to go.\" Snow tried to reason. \"Look. If the queen finds you two here, she'll kill us, too.\" He countered. \"All we're asking is to spend one night. Please.\" Both girls pulled off their most innocent faces, and it was starting to work. \"Huddle!\" The leader ordered. All of them huudled to gether. \"All right, you guys, let me hear it.\" All of the dwarves started voicing their opinions, overlapping one another, making it difficult to understand one over the other. Finally, the leader beat his stick to the floor, silencing everyone. \"All those in favor of letting the girls stay say 'aye'.\" The majority declaired their vote. \"Opposed?\" A single \"Nay\" was heard, making everyone groan. \"Tough luck, your highnesses.\" The tough one stated as he walked to the table. \"Sorry, girls. All votes need to be unanimous...\" The leader stated as he looked at the offending dwarf. Everyone gave him a cold glare. The one in furs even growled. What really sold it was the pleading looks the princesses gave him. He defeatedly threw whatever food he was holding onto the table and turned back to the girls. \"One night.\" The girls let out a breath of relief as they said, \"Thank you.\" The other dwarves seemed to be relieved. \"C'mon guys. Duty calls.\" The tough one said. \"\"Wait! We don't even know your names.\" Rose said. \"I'm Butcher.\" The tough one said. \"Will Grimm.\" The leader stated. \"Half-Pint.\" The one who was sitting next to the girls said with a wink. He was obviously a flirt. Snow smiled whereas Rose smirked. \"Napolean.\" The one with the sash said with a slight accent as he gently pushed Half-Pint out the door. \"Grub.\" The one eating simply answered with a small wave. \"The one that was chuckling gave a slight bow as he said, \"Chuck.\" As he walked out, Grub added, \"But you can call him Chuckles.\" And Chuckles chuckled as he walked out the door. The girls couldn't help but giggle. \"And I'm Wolf.\" The one with the furs stated. He then reared his head back and howled like a wolf. The girls gave a slight jump as Wolf laughed and howled again as he walked out the door. When the door closed, Snow spoke first. \"They certainly are interesting characters.\" \"Most definitely. But maybe we should do something nice for them.\" Rose stated. \"I was thinking the same thing. Perhaps clean the table and make supper.\" Snow suggested. Both girls smiled at each other and got started. Doing something like this was the very least they could do for their seven little hosts. After all, no good deed goes unpunished.[Chapter 6] Outside the house, the dwarves were conversing. \"Boys, I like them.\" Napoleon stated. \"Yeah, me too.\" Grimm said. \"They bring a feminine touch.\" Napoleon added. \"If you ask me, they're just gonna bring the queen's guards.\" Butcher said with distain. \"Do you think they have boyfriends?\" Half-Pint asked. \"Yeah. Me.\" Butcher answered sarcastically. And with that, the dwarves sprung up on their stilts and ran into the forest, hoping to happen upon any unfortunate travellers. Bryton had just left the kitchen after telling the staff that Snow White was dead and Rose Red was missing. It seemed perfect to the queen that not only had she gotten rid of Snow, but Rose went out to save her, most likely to have the same fate instead. As he walked along the hallway, he saw Rose's key on the floor. Just the sight of it nearly made him cry. He picked it up and put it in his pocket, wanting to hold onto it so it wouldn't be found by the queen. As he left for the village, he recalled his first meeting with the young woman when she was a child. The king was carrying a young, dirty child inside the castle, makng sure to keep her warm. \"Bryton.\" He called. The humble executive walked over and noticed the little girl. \"Who is this, your majesty?\" \"This child will be staying here with us from now on, and I need you to take her to the maid and let her know to run a warm bath for the child. She's nearly frozen to death.\" The king explained as he handed her to the servant. Bryton rushed toward the comon room for the maids and servant with the child in his arms. She was shivering and it fightened him. Once he found the woman he was looking for, he called out, \"Maid, draw a bath for this poor child. She's freezing.\" The maid quickly took the little girl from him and into the bathroom. Hours later, Bryton saw Snow White running in and out of her room, bringing in different items each time. First was a bowl of warm soup. Then there was two quilts. The last thing he saw her run with to her room was a pair of slippers. Bryton's curiosity got the better of him as he went to Snow's door and knocked. \"Who is it?\" The young princess asked. \"It's Bryton, my dear. May I come in?\" \"Certainly.\" She replied. Bryton slowly openned the door to find Snow White tending to the little girl he took to the maid. \"Who is this, my Princess?\" \"Father said that she's to live with us from now on. That he named her Rose Red.\" The young princess answered. \"Will you sit with her for a moment? I need to get Baker Margaret. It's time for her medicine.\" Without waiting for a reply, Snow White ran out of her room and down to the kitchen. The sevant sat in the rocking chair next to the bed and watched the little girl sleeping. She seemed so at peace. But it ended when she suddenly started sobbing and opening her eyes. She seemed confused, but she still kept crying. Bryton knew that he needed to calm the child so he began talking to her. Now, now, dear child. Please be calm. You are safe.\" It seemed to work. The little girl turned to Bryton and started to calm down. But he noticed how her brown eyes seemed to have a small spark of life in them. As if hope had been restored. It was from this moment on that Bryton and Rose Red formed a strong bond. Bryton had apparently forgotten everything he was doing because he was so lost in the memory. When he came back to reality, he was walking back to the carriage with the sack of tax money. He sat and began counting the coins and couldn't resist the temptation of taking a few of the coins for himself. A few moments later, he heard a thud from outside. His curiousity got the better of him as he stood from his seat and opened the blinds of the window. To his surprize, he saw the horses riding off further aay from the carriage with...giants? on their backs. He dropped the blind and sat back down before stating, \"That's odd.\" The carriage suddenly started to flip over, send Bryton and any other loose object flying around the inside. The carriage, now upside down, came to halt. But a few moments later, the doors were thrown open and seven men in masks appeared. \"What do we have here?\" One on the right wearing a helmet asked. \"Looks like a royal to me. Are you a royal?\" Another, this time on his left, said. \"No, no. Not a royal, just a humble servant.\" Bryton answered nervously. \"You're riding in the queen's sled.\" One on the right wearing a pink sash bluntly stated. \"No. Thi-this is a rental.\" Bryton studdered. \"Well, you're wearing royal garments.\" The first one said. \"These tired, old rags? You boys have got to get out of the woods more often.\" Bryton tried. \"What's in that pretty sack?\" The second one asked. Bryton grabbed the bag and held it close as he answered. \"My lunch.\" Suddenly, one of the men on his right wearing a beret spoke up. \"Good, I'm famished.\" He then snatched the bag. \"What are we eating?\" Peeking into the sack, he exclaimed, \"Boys! The mother lode!\" Bryton was having none of that. \"Give me that!\" He exclaimed as he took the sack back. \"That money belongs to the queen!\" Bryton's demenour changed when seven weapons were pointed at his face. Sighing, he dropped the sack. \"Don't spend it all in one place.\" He stated casually. \"That's not all we're taking.\" The second one stated. \"What's that shiny thing poking outta your pocket?\" Bryton quickly covered what was Princess Rose Red's last gift from her father. \"That, you won't be taking. It belongs to-\" \"The queen.\" All seven men cut him off. \"No. The princess, Rose Red.\" Bryton retorted. All seven men were silent. The shortest of them all finally spoke up. \"Gimme that!\" He quickly snatched the key from Bryton. Half-Pint then crawled away from the others and inspected the key. While his friends/brothers took everything they could get their hands on, he put the key in his pocket. If this didn't get him noticed more by one of the princesses, nothing would. A little while later, all seven dwarves were jogging through the woods and back to their house.[Chapter 7] ok, the end will probably make u laugh. but read the entire chapter, plz. and review. review to ur hearts content Snow and Rose had just put the last touches to the dinner. And just in time apparently. The princesses heard the dwarves outside the house. \"They're home.\" Snow stated. \"Alright. Well, c'mon.\" Rose ushered for her sister to stand next to her behind the table. The dwarves shuffled inside, one by one, completely oblivious to the sisters. \"Nothing like an honest day's work.\" Grimm stated. \"Beats workin' down a mine.\" Napolean said. All of them chattered amongst themselves until Snow cleared her throat, grabbing their attention. \"Welcome home.\" Both sisters said with smiles. The dwarves were so mesmerized by the meal that they went silent, even Wolf was so awestruck that the swords he was carrying seem to slip from his grasp without his notice, clattering on the floor. Grub sniffed the air for inspection. \"Lamb. Carrots. Gravy.\" With each statement, he walked closer to his seat at the table. \"I say they're both keepers.\" \"Sure they are.\" Grimm agreed. Snow walked around the table to inspect what they brought back. Rose just kept her spot and smiled at the men appreciatively. Though before he sat down, Wolf turned to her and said, \"Thank you.\" Rose grinned and responded. \"You're welcome.\" The seven little men chattered amongst themselves as they made their plates. But Rose's attention reverted back to her sister when she noticed something shiny on the floor next to her. Her sister's question really caused Rose to pay attention. \"Why do you have palace guard uniforms?\" It got real silent as the dwarves turned to Snow. Napolean was the one who answered. \"We got them at work.\" It was Rose who asked the next question, causing all the men to turn to her. \"What kind of job do you have?\" \"We're...renegades?\" Butcher tried. \"Rebels.\" Chuckles replied. \"Thieves!\" Half-Pint cheered his answer as if it were a good thing. \"That's true.\" Grub agreed as he went back to his plate. \"We stole the queen's gold!\" \"You broke into the palace?\" Rose asked. \"Naah, we nabbed it outside the village.\" Half-Pint stated. \"So you actually stole the people's gold.\" Snow rationalized. Chuckles chuckled as he nodded and Grimm said, \"Not exactly.\" \"Yes, exactly!\" Snow exclaimed. She knelt down and opened the sack, inspecting the money. \"That's the people's money! Why, that's terrible. They need it. You must return it\" \"We worked hard for that money!\" Butcher protested. \"Stealing isn't work.\" Rose said in a stern voice as she put her hands on her hips. She almost felt like a mother scolding her children. \"Sure, it's work!\" Half-Pint protested. \"It's hard!\" Butcher complained. \"I tore my shirt, had to sew it. That's work.\" Napolean explained. \"Oh, well I'm sorry you got a few scrapes, but the townspeople need that money.\" Snow said as if that were final. But what was said next seemed to change it all. \"They hate us.\" Grub stated. Snow and Rose looked at each other as if the other had sprouted a seperate head. Rose blinked a few times before responding, \"Well that can't be true.\" \"It is.\" Wolf said as he turned around to face Rose. \"They despise us.\" He then turned back to look down at his plate. \"Years ago,\" Grimm said. \"When the queen expelled all the 'undesirables'...no one stood up for us.\" There was an akward silence in the room before he continued. \"She said...\" Grimm couldn't bring himself to say it. Half-Pint stepped in for his leader. \"'Banish all the uglies'.\" Napolean then threw his hand forward as if to say, \"Ya see?\". Snow and Rose now saw the seven dwarves in a new light. They didn't steal because they wanted to. They stole because they had to. \"You've been mistreated by the queen.\" Snow said in a gentle voice. \"No one understands that better than myself and Rosey.\" Rose then picked up from her sister. \"It's unfair, but so is stealing from innocent families.\" \"We weren't always theives.\" Wolf said. \"We were legitimate.\" Grimm added. \"With real trade.\" Grub said as he kept adding to his plate. \"And I was a teacher.\" Grimm stated. \"And I was a butcher.\" Butcher added. \"And I ran the pub.\" Half-Pint said. \"A good, honest job.\" He said it so innocently. Rose arched an eyebrow. She might not have been outside the castle in over ten years, but she still remembered exactly how not so honest pubs could truly be. She walked around and stood next to her sister. \"Honest?\" Chuckles questioned. \"It was almost honest.\" He tried. \"I stole a little.\" He admitted. \"A little?\" Wolf added. Finally, Half-Pint let it out. \"It's a cash business!\" He exclaimed. \"That's your excuse?\" Grimm added. \"Hey, everybody does it, all right?\" Half-Pint stated. \"I didn't.\" Napolean stated. \"Neither did I.\" Butcher added. \"Uh, you put your thumb on the scale!\" Half-Pint made obvious. \"I did not!\" Butcher protested. \"Did too! And you cheat at poker!\" He pointed at Napolean. \"I win at poker.\" Napolean said. \"You cheat at poker?\" Butcher asked in disbelief. While they were bickering amongst themselves...again, Snow picked the sack up and nudged Rose. The younger princess turned to the older, seeing her motioning toward the door. Rose nodded and headed out the door, Snow following close behind. They then took off toward the village, knowing that the dwarves would notice they were gone very soon. They turned to see how far they were, and apparently, if they could see the dwarves running out of their house, they had not run far enough. They kept running. Once they reached the edge of the forest, Rose could just barely hear one of them stating, \"Good thing they're in those dresses, otherwise we'd never catch them!\" It made her laugh out loud. As they ran inside the town hall, Rose had to stop and sit down on the floor to catch her breath, but Snow kept going until she reached the Magestrate. A few minutes later, both Snow and the Magestrate walked out with smiles. The rightful queen helped the younger princess stand up and walked her out to the podium in front of the whole town. The Magestrate made the annoucement with glee. \"My friends, our money has been returned!\" Everyone cheered at this. Finally, some justice. \"It was brought back to us by...\" He then led the sisters stand next to him. \"Come up her, young ladies, and tell us your names.\" They knew they couldn't do it. They were suppose to be dead. Just as Snow was about to say something, they caught sight of the dwarves running through the crowd. Thinking quickly, Snow pointed at them. \"Those men there!\" Rose caught on to Snow's plan and helped as best as she could. \"Those men...umm...They're the ones that brought back the gold.\" The dwarves stopped to hear the sisters, not fully believing what they were hearing. \"The queen told you that they were undesirables, but she lied.\" \"These brave men are the true heroes.\" Snow added. Rose knew how to make things stand out more, so she took over for her sister. \"They fearlessly raided the queen's caravan and...retrieved your gold.\" She noticed that they were started smile back at the grateful villagers. Snow decided to add the finishing touch. \"They're the ones that really deserve your thanks.\" And with that, both sisters started to clap for the dwarves. Everyone followed their lead and cheered for the seven men who stopped the queen. Grimm looked at both sisters and sent them a greatful smile. They shrugged their shoulders as if saying \"It was nothing\". After all the villagers thanked the seven dwarves, they, along with the princesses, walked back through the woods and to the house. As they walked, Half-Pint managed to walk next to Rose, who chose to walk behind everyone. He nudged her hand, getting attention. \"Hey, uhh...while we raided the queen's sled, the guy that was in it had this in his coat.\" He took the key out of his pocket and handed it to the red head. Rose smiled brightly as she placed the key around her neck. \"He said it was yours. So...you know...I took it so I could give it to you.\" Rose stopped walking to kneel down next to the brave little man. She gently took his face, turing it to the side, and planted a tender kiss on his cheek. \"Thank you.\" She whispered as she pulled away. When she stood up and looked back at Half-Pint, she giggled at the dark blush on his cheeks. Rose held her hand out for the dwarf, who gladly took it. Both then continued to walk. On the way, Rose asked, \"So, what are the main differences between you and the others?\" \"Well, I'm the sweet, sensitive one, obviously.\" Half-Pint joked, causing Rose to slightly giggle. \"But as far as differences go, Grimm was born to be a leader. He often says how he loves to teach and help people and once concidered getting a degree in medicine.\" \"Wow, he wanted to be a doctor. Did you joke around and call him 'Doc'?\" The dwarf smirked at the princess's joke before he continued. \"Butcher has always had an attitude toward anyone taller than us. For some reason, the situation just made him so...so...\" He was having a hard time finding the right word. \"Grumpy?\" Rose suggested. \"That's it. Grumpy. But unlike Butcher, Chuckles is never upset about anything. And it's hard to feel down when ever he's around.\" He explained. \"So he makes everyone feel glad? Happy?\" She asked. \"Exactly. Grub is just happy-go-lucky. He never complains about anything unless it's about food. Well...except this one time when we found out he was allergic to a weird sauce he had on his roasted duck. It made him all sick. Oh, and I can't forget how sneezy he was.\" The dwarf stated. \"Sneezy?\" The princess giggled. \"Uh-huh. Napolean is never satisfied with our choice in clothing. But he constantly works himself too much every time he makes adjustments.\" Half-Pint said. \"Wow, it must make him very tired. Sleepy, even.\" \"Yep. And then there's Wolf. It's kinda funny actually.\" He chuckled. \"Behind that wild animal exterior he gives off, there's a little bashful guy there.\" \"Bashful? He doesn't seem like it.\" Rose said. \"Well, he does a very good job of hiding it. And then, there's little ol' me. I guess you could say I'm a sucker for romance. It pretty much turns me into a complete dope.\" \"Oh, and that's a bad thing? I like it when you act that way, especially when we first met, how you said you wanted to get to know me and my sister.\" \"In what way did I act?\" Half-Pint asked. \"Oh, you know. Dopey.\" Rose answered. \"And I think it makes you sweet.\" She then looked down to find him staring at her. \"There aren't enough men like you in the world.\" Half-Pint nearly hung his head in shame. \"There needs to be more though.\" She said, which cause him to look back up at her with hope in his eyes. \"And I think I found the best of them all right here next to me.\" They finally made it to the house. Rose knelt down in front of Half-Pint. \"Do me a favor, Half-Pint?\" When he nodded, she continued. \"Don't ever change.\" She then stood up to walk inside with her sister, both now waiting for their final judgement from the seven dwarves.[Chapter 8] review or no updates. i dont care how much the quees of sharks demands it. if I dont get more than six reviews 4 this chapter, i wont update After an insane debate outside, all seven dwarves walked inside. In order, there was Half-Pint, Butcher, Napolean, Grimm, Chuckles, Grub and Wolf. They took a moment before all but Butcher said, \"You can stay.\" The princesses let out a sigh of relief. But the relief didn't last long. \"But we've got conditions. If you two are gonna live with us, then you two have to be one of us.\" Butcher said. He didn't sound too happy about the final decision of letting them stay. \"We have to be...dwarves?\" Snow asked. The way she said it was with such innocence that it made Rose snort. She quickly covered her mouth and nose with her hand, trying not to let her mouth open and laugh. The dwarves took it in good humor and chuckled. Napolean then decided to clarrify. \"No. It means you two have to be thieves.\" \"I feel We've been clear about our thoughts on stealing.\" Snow stated. \"What if you were stealing from the queen?\" Wolf asked. The way he said it sounded like he was sweetening a deal. So hard to believe he was secretly bashful. \"You said youself she's wicked.\" Grimm added. So far, the deal was only getting better and better in Rose's opinion. \"Somebody has to stop her.\" Half-Pint said. Oh, what a perfect line. Rose was now hooked. Save the villagers from the evil queen. A perfect story. \"Why not you?\" Napolean asked. Honestly, as if more needed to be said. \"Why not...us?\" Half-Pint gestered at himself and the princesses, mostly though referring to himself and Rose. But his fellow dwarves stared at him in disbelief before he \"corrected\" himself. \"I mean...us.\" He then gestered to everyone. Rose stood up. \"I'm in.\" Snow then stood up. \"Wait. If we do this, then I have conditions. Whatever we steal goes back to the people.\" The dwarves nodded in agreement. But Butcher ruined the moment by saying. \"Minus a small commission.\" \"Butcher!\" The men exclaimed. \"Fine. But they don't know the first thing about thieving!\" The grumpy dwarf still had his disagreements. Grim then stepped forward like the leader he was. \"Then we'll teach them. We'll teach them to believe. So you two better get a good night's rest. Because your training starts first thing in the morning.\" And with that, the dwarves went upstairs to their beds. Snow and Rose decided to sleep on the quilts they woke up on. They were actually more comfortable than they looked. Snow drifted off almost immediately. But Rose just laid on her back, holding her key in her hands and spinning it in her fingers, merely inspecting the strange emblom of a sparrow on the handle. It seemed strange that she was given a key. But then again, she was a strange person. Her own background was strange. It was literally a story from rags to riches. As a young child, she didn't have a name. She was part of a traveling circus. And she was taken in by the king after her only life was destroyed. She never really spoke of what happened. It became a messy blur over the years. But she did remember her mother, Beatrice. She was beautiful, almost angelic, and she was the only person to call Rose by the name she was given, Rosalee. But after loosing her mother so long ago, she had nearly forgotten it. The only so called \"flaw\" that her mother had was that she was blind. Yet, in the circus, she was the fortune teller. And her visions began to conect easily with her child. Teller her how she'd meet a man in her future that was worth more than any royalty could be. A man who would love her and cherish her forever. The only catch was she'd tell her to watch out in order to find him, for he'd be the most unlikely of men. But back then, Rose didn't even like boys, so she never paid any mind to it. Pretty soon, Rose grew tired and fell asleep. It had been two months since she was brought to the castle, and Rose was walking down a hallway toward the king's room. She kept hearing what sounded like a music box, playing the softest, sweetest lullaby. She remembered it because it was the lullaby her mother would sing to her. As she entered his room, she saw the king holding a music box, small enough to fit in the palm of his hand. He twisted the small crank, playing the lullaby. He turned to find Rose staring at him. \"Rose Red. I didn't hear you.\" \"What is that?\" The child asked in an adorable child's voice as she pointed at the small musical instrument. \"It's an old music box. I bought it at a circus when I was a prince.\" He explained as he sat on his bed. \"Why?\" Rose asked as she crawled up the bed to sit beside him. The king smiled at the child's curiosty. \"So many questions from such a small child. I bought it as a gift for a beautiful princess. As I paid the lovely woman for the music box, the moment she touched my hand, she seemed to go into a trance. After a moment, she said that my kingdom was to have quite a remarkable destiny. I wanted to pay her for the fortune telling she gave me, but she told me that a vision wasn't to be paid for...it was to be heeded. So, I am always careful with what I do for my kingdom because I remember that woman's words.\" \"What happened to the princess you gave the music box to?\" \"S he then became my wife and queen. The mother of Snow White.\" \"May I hold the music box please?\" She asked. The king looked as though he were thinking hard about it, acting as though he didn't really want to. But he smiled and handed it to her. \"Be very careful. It was the queen's.\" \"Yes sir.\" The child said as she gently moved the crank. As the music played, she sag the words to the lullaby. \"On the wind, past the sea. Hear this song and remember. Soon, you'll be home with me. Once upon a December.\" \"You know this lullaby?\" \"My mother used to...\" She trailed off as tears fell from her eyes. The king held Rose close. \"Shed no more tears, dear. Your mother is looking down on you from Heaven. Just as Snow White's mother is doing for her. You have no reason to cry anymore.\" And with that, he gently took the music box and put it in a lock box. Rose watched as he took a key out of his pocket and used it to lock the box. Rose looked at the key with great fascination. seeing the emblom of a sparrow on it and the same emblom on the lid of the lock box.[Chapter 9] review or no updates. i dont care how much the quees of sharks demands it. if I dont get reviews 4 this chapter, i wont update. and it has to be more than 3 Rose's top. www. google. com imgres?start=139&num;=10&hl;=en&biw;=1024&bih;=585&addh;=140&tbm;=isch&tbnid;=L8wxR-MUlABonM:&imgrefurl;= . &docid;=dFPbqQ12BYWmCM&imgurl;= . &w;=344&h;=500&ei;=WX53UKbZG5PS9AT_pYHgCg&zoom;=1&iact;=hc&vpx;=495&vpy;=40&dur;=396&hovh;=271&hovw;=186&tx;=120&ty;=139&sig;=115009601461178595798&page;=6&tbnh;=122&tbnw;=84&ndsp;=29&ved;=1t:429,r:3,s:139,i:205 take out the space between & www, also the space between www & google, along with the space between google & com, & com & imgres and u get to see the top The rest of her outfit looks like Snow's, just all black. Rose woke up to find her sister shaking her. \"Rosey. We need to get ready.\" \"Fine. I'm awake.\" She grumbled. She sat up and started to stretch. Her dream had confused her. It seemed like a lost memory, but she didn't remember it at all. She'd have to think about it later. Right now, she was training. Once outside, Grimm had Snow stand on a wooden orb to teach her balance. And Chuckles was teaching Rose how to aim at a target. He had an extra sling shot and let her borrow it. He took a shot at a flower pot and smashed it to bits. As Rose was taking her turn, she listened to Grimm's lessons, knowing she needed them just as much as her sister. \"People think you can't be tall if you're short. That you can't be strong if you're not.\" After her lessons with Chuckles, Napolean worked on her outfit. \"If you're going to be a hero, you need to at least look good being one.\" He told her. \"A weakness is only a weakness if you think of it that way.\" Wolf took her over to a mattress and started teaching her a few defensive moves. She couldn't really do much but dodge his attacks. Despite being smaller than her, Wolf was too heavy for her to lift. \"Don't worry, you just need to build your strength.\" He explained. \"Never, under any circumstances, give up the high ground.\" Next, Rose was working with Grimm. \"Show me one thing you can do that your sister can't. I know you can do it, Rose. I can see it in your eyes.\" After thinking for a moment, Rose stood up on the orb, taking a deep breath. Once she was certain, she lifted up one of her legs and balanced. She could do so much that her sister couldn't. Just like how Snow could do things that she couldn't do. As she balanced, she was waiting to hear what Grimm was going to say next. \"Before you draw your sword, you must make an impression on your enemy. If he is deceived by the way you look, the battle's half won.\" Grub hid a strawberry under one of three cups on the table. After mixing them around, he looked at Rose. \"Find it, and you can have it.\" Rose smirked. This was something she remembered her mother teaching her. She pointed to the one on the left. Grub picked the cup up and look so sad when he saw the red berry. Rose picked the strawberry up. Just as it looked like she was about to eat it, she closed her mouth and handed it to Grub. The dwarf smiled greatfully and took the fruit and ate it. \"Peaople think of you as sweet. They don't expect you to fight dirty. Use that to your advantage.\" Half-Pint was teaching Rose how to fence. She kept dodging his weapon. But she didn't notice his leg sticking out. Rose tripped and fell to the ground. Then Half-Pint smacked her bottom with his sword. She was so mad now, and Half-Pint couldn't help himself. \"You're so cute when you're mad.\" Rose huffed and replied, \"Well, if you keep this up, Half-Pint, by the end of the night, I'll be gorgeous.\" She stood up and started fighting back. \"Your weapon isn't your only friend. The environment can be an ally, too. Deception on the battlefield isn't just an option. Oftentimes it's the difference between victory and defeat.\" This time, both sister's stood in front of Napolean with their outfits on. They were best ones yet. Napolean looked them with a smile and nodded. He finally found the look each sister needed. After that day, the girls only got better. Rose was able to hit hit targets with a slingshot from great distances. Chuckles was proud of her. Snow showed how she could throw a stone like she was skipping it across a lake, hitting three flowering pots in a row. The sisters were able to defeat Wolf. Snow was able to lift him over her head, while Rose used his own momentium against him. Rose sat with the rest of the dwarves as she watched her sister pick out one of the cups on the table. When Grub lifted it up, He had that same sad look on his face when Snow picked up the strawberry and ate it. Everyone else clapped at the older princess'sa accomplishment. Both princesses were able to knock Half-Pint off his feet. One final this happened. When Snow stepped off the wooden orb, Rose walked toward it. Once she was infront of it, she put her hands on it. Pushing all of her weight up, she lifted her legs up, standing on her hands. She then did the same thing she did for the prince, she put all of her weight on her right arm and lifted her left up to be held a ninety degree angle to the rest of her body. Everyone cheered. But a snowball hit Rose and knocked her off her balance, landing in the soft snow. As the princess stood back up, everyone looked to where the snowball came from, the roof of the house from Butcher. Everyone started throwing snowballs at the dwarf. But Snow had an idea. While Butcher was distracted by everyone else, she ran to the side of the house and climbed onto the roof. She walked up behind her sister's attacker, excited to put her plan into action. Once she was right behind him, she screamed as loud as he could. Butcher jumped nearly a mile high, loosing his balance and falling off the roof and onto the ground. He scurried up and ran to stand with the others as he looked at Snow. \"I'm sorry. But you deserved it.\" She told him. \"I had to avenge my sister.\" \"Not so much fun when it happens to you, huh?\" Rose laughed.[Chapter 10] review or no updates. i dont care how much the queen of sharks demands it. if I dont get reviews for this chapter, i wont update. and it has to be more than 5. and just so u kno, in this chapter, the prince's reason for not fighting snow, i took great offence to. thats been the excuse people used on me my whole life. I wanna mud wrestle! \"You can't! You're a girl!\" I wanna go to the moon! \"You can't! You're a girl!\" I wanna drive moster trucks! \"You can't! You're a girl! Just do what girls do, like sell tupperwear of jewelry, be a model or an animal rights activist! But don't do fun things that guys do 'cause you're a girl!\" AARRRRGGGHHHH! Pisses me off every single time! To celebrate their graduation as theives, the princesses made a feast for their new family. After stuffing themselves full, everyone fell into a deep, well-earned, sleep. Rose's dreams had once again revealed old memories. Rose had only lived in the palace for five months now, and she felt as though she lived there her whole life. One day, she followed her father to his room to ask him about the music box again. \"What does the lullaby mean to you?\" The king smiled at he newest child. \"To me, it means that no matter where you are, you'll always find your way home. That music box plays the sweetest symphony, dearest Rose. So sweet, it could make any wild beast as tame as a kitten. I'd know this music anywhere, nothing could ever make me forget it's sweet melody.\" \"Can I have the music box one day, Father?\" \"Maybe one day, soon enough. To give you the late queen's most treasure music box is a great responsibility. I hardly even trust myself with it sometimes.\" The king joked. Throughout the rest of the evening, he sang the lullaby to young princess, wrapping her in a soft quilt and watching her fall asleep. The next morning was the day that would test the princesses. Snow was going to be the bait. Her job was simple, really. She just needed to distract whoever came through the forest. She was much better at doing it than Rose was. Everyone went into position as they heard footsteps. Snow pulled the hood if her cloak over her head and Rose hid with the dwarves. They watched in silence, waiting to attack at the opportune moment. (A/N: Jack Sparrow reference, lol) Finally, the intruder was revealed. Rose saw that it was Prince Alcott. She nearly yelled for the darves to not attack, but Grimm stood behind her and placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder. That was enough to make her shut up. But after thinking about it for a moment, Rose realized that the prince did deserve what was coming to him. The prinesses had been out in the woods for days, and he was only coming out here now? What was he waiting for? An invitation? The prince and the guards suddenly haulted. After Alcott dismounted his horse, he looked back the guards. \"This is where we were ambushed last time. Keep your eyes open.\" Snow then walked out to the middle of the road and fell, dropping everything she held in the basket she had. The sudden noise caused the prince and guards to draw their swords. \"Oh! Oh, dear! Oh, I'm so sorry, sir. I'll be out of your way in a moment. Oh, dear!\" Snow used a voice that belong to a withering hag as she picked up everything she dropped. But it worked. Alcott slowly walked toward the princess, not knowing it was her. Still not trusting her, he kept his sword pointed at her as he asked, \"Ma'am, may I offer you any assistance?\" \"Oh, no. Sorry, sir! Everything's all right. I'll just be...\" Snow trailed off as she turned around. The moment the two made eye contact, the prince lowered his sword and Snow slowly stood up and removed her hood. \"No.\" Rose whispered. This wasn't going as they planned. \"What do we do?\" She asked Grimm. \"Does the prince know you two can fight?\" He asked in a hushed voice. \"No, he thinks he's better than everyone, actually.\" The red head answered. \"Then the battle's half won.\" The leader stated. He nodded toward Wolf, giving the signal. Wolf howled, letting the others know that it was time to come out and fight. Everyone hooted and hollerred as they came out of their hiding spots. Rose ran through the guards to get to her sister. Since Rose didn't have a sword, mostly because she didn't want to use one, Wolf ran up behind her. \"Rose!\" He shouted. She turned around before the prince could see her face and back flipped her way to her sister. Alcott watched in shock. To him, this was the harliquin from the kingdom. She had the same moves and the same grace. But when she stopped right in front of the prince, her back was to him. Wolf threw a bo staff to her. Rose caught it and twirled it in her hands before turning around and taking a fighting stance in font of Alcott. At the same time, Chuckles ran up behind Snow and handed her a sword. \"Here ya go.\" He said cheerfully as he flipped over the older princess. He then jumped over Alcott and Rose to join the other \"giants\". Alcott turned back to Snow in shock as he watched her draw her sword from its sheath and throw the sheath on the ground. What was even more shocking to the prince was that she pointed her sword to him. \"You're with the bandits?\" He accused. \"You're with the queen!\" Snow countered. Alcott then turned to Rose. \"And you! You were the harliquin from the castle. Where do your loyalties lie?\" \"Definitely not with the queen.\" She answered as she circled the prince to stand next to her sister. Snow tried to strike Alcott, but he deflected it. They circled each other before the prince stated, \"You two are traitors.\" \"And you're a jerk!\" Snow exclaimed. a fight between the two ensued from there. Rose backed off to face behind them. And it was a good thing she did so, too. A guard charged right at her. But Rose swung her staff like a bat and hit his helmet, making it spin on his head like a spinning top. She obviously made him dizzy, which was perfect for her next move. Rose then roundhouse kicked him, sending him to the snow covered ground. \"Alright. That's enough. Stop this at once.\" The prince ordered. Rose turned to find him circling around Snow. But she saw Snow's hair was now not in its hair tie. What happened? \"I can't fight you.\" This caught Rose's attention immediately. \"Why not?\" Snow asked. \"Don't say it! Don't you DARE say it!\" Rose kept demanding in her head. If he said what she thought he was going to say, he was a dead man. \"'Cause you're a girl. I don't fight girls.\" He said it. Rose took her staff and thwacked him on top of the head. Yes, it was immature. But she was mad. She hated that statement. \"You're a girl.\" The way people described it was like a disease, being a girl. The prince turned around and rubbed his soar head as he saw Rose use her staff to launch her body on top of the rocks. Once she was there, she turned around to face the prince. \"You got a problem with girls?\" Then Snow growled as she swung her sword, the tip grazing Alcott's hand. He flinched as he turn back to look at Snow. \"Perhaps I should reconsider.\" He then went to attack the older sister, but Snow held her own, for a little bit at least. The prince managed fling Snow's sword off over the other side of the rocks. She jumped from the short ledge to retrieve her weapon. Prince Alcott removed his coat and flipped over the rocks, following the princess. Rose rolled her eyes. \"Show off.\" She groaned. Rose decided to help the dwarves. She hopped along the rocks and found Chuckles standing right next to one. once she stood on the one next to him, she yelled, \"DUCK!\" Chuckles did as instructed. When he was down, Rose hit the guard's head like she were hitting a railroad spike into the ground. \"It's hammer time!\" She exclaimed as she hit him. The guard went down and Chuckles stood back up. He then ran off to take care of another guard with Grimm. The red head turned to see her sister still fighting the prince. It nearly seemed pointless. Every attack Snow threw at Alcott, he countered it with a better one. As she tried to lunge at him, Alcott caught Snow in his arms, holding her sword behind her back. He smiled as he stated, \"The queen did say you and your sister were crazy.\" \"She also said that we were dead!\" Snow countered as she pushed the prince away and kicked his chest. Rose smiled at her sister. She knew she had it in her. Turning back to the dwarves, she noticed Napolean swing one of the guard at a tree, exclaiming, \"Watch out for that tree!\" Rose giggled at the joke. She then jumped off the rock she was standing on and run toward a guard that was about to blind side Butcher. She thwacked him on his head, making his helmet chime like a gong. Butcher turned around. He sent a quick nod to Rose, as if saying \"Thanks\" before he whipped the guard's feet, knocking him over. He then whipped his whip to wrap anound one of the guard's legs, dragging him through the snow like a dog on a leash. \"Let's go for a ride!\" He shouted before laughing like a lunitic. Looking around, Rose found that all the guards had now been taken care of. The red head launched herself on the rocks again to find the prince spanking her sister with her own sword. She nearly ran down there to kill Alcott when he shoved her to the ground. Wolf and Butcher ran up behind her, with Wolf howling and Butcher panting from his run. \"Should we help her?\" Wolf asked out loud. Rose nearly answered that question, but paused when she saw Snow through snow into the prince's eyes. While he was distracted with getting the snow, the frozen rain that is, out of his eyes, Snow, the person that is, tackled him to the ground and snatched both swords from him. \"Eh...she's doin' pretty good on her own.\" Butcher answered. Rose nodded in agreement. \"Are there anymore guards?\" The younger princess asked. \"Nah, we got 'em.\" Wolf answered. Rose smiled, but it faded when she saw what went on between the prince and princess in front of her. Alcott hit Snow's head, provoking her. Finally, Snow lunged at him, only to be caught and put in a dipped position by the prince. She couldn't hear what was going on between the two, but she knew her sister was getting more and more annoyed as each moment passed. He then lifted her up before twiling her and holding her with her back against his chest. Whatever he told her made Snow mad enough to stomp on his foot. When he released her, she pulled away, accidentally cutting his palm. The prince seemed to be mad now since he knocked Snow's sword into the air and caught it with his free hand. Alcott cpointed both swords at Snow, circling her. Little did he know that his horse had been tied up behind him. Rose already knew what her sister needed to do. She just hoped her sister knew, too. And she could see the gears turning in Snow's head when she saw her sister pick up a rock and look up at a branch just above the horse that held a lot of snow. A moment later, she threw the rock, hitting the branch and msaking the snow fall onto the horse. The Prince laughe, not even realizing his situation. The horse sifted uncomfortably until it kicked whatever was behind him. In this case, it was Alcott. Wolf, Butcher and Rose laughed at what happened. Wolf then let out a howl and help Rose down from the rock so she could help them get the guards clothes. Down with Snow and Alcott, she lifted his head so he could face her. He was so out of it, not know what was going on. But Snow looked at him and simply asked, \"Why do you have to be so darn cute?\" She then punched him hard enough to knock him out.[Chapter 11] again, i want lots of reviews or i wont update this is a long one, so i better get long reviews. btw if u guys decide to go see \"The Odd Life Of Timothy Green\", just to warn u, its a tear jerker. *At The Palace* The queen sat before the prince and the guards who left with him. She did not, however, expect to find them all in their undergarments. \"Well, well, Prince Alcott. We must stop meeting like this.\" The prince hung his head in shame while the guards refused to look up. \"We were ambushed. The bandits caught us by surprize.\" Alcott embarressingly admitted. \"You went to the woods to find the bandits, and yet the bandits caught you by surprize?\" The queen stated the obvious. \"I must admit, we were outskilled. Their leader was incredibly ruthless and cunning. She was-\" \"'She'? The bandits leader is a 'she'?\" The queen asked. \"The bandits leader is Snow White.\" Alcott explained. After staring at the prince for a few silent moments, the queen suddenly burst into hysterics. Bryton joined in with nervous laughter but stopped when the queen jokingly asked, \"And I suppose you're going to tell me next that the second in command is Rose Red?\" The serious look o the prince's face said it all. Bryton, being the blubbering moron he tended to be, spoke freely. \"Impossible, sir. Snow White and Rose Red are dead. Perhaps they were just people that looked like Snow White and Rose Red.\" \"It was definitely Snow White and Rose Red.\" The prince countered. \"You were in the forest. It was dark. I think we should at least open ourselves up to the possibility that it was just some people who looked a lot like the late Snow White and the late Rose Red.\" Bryton pushed. \"What a fun surprize.\" The queen hissed. \"Agree to disagree.\" Bryton said out loud. \"You told me they were dead!\" The prince accused. \" He said they were dead.\" The queen gestured at Bryton. \"I wish I was dead.\" Bryton muttered. \"You also told me they were mad.\" Alcott added. \"They are mad. Put together, they're not as mad as I am, however.\" The queen answered. \"So which is it, they're mad or they're dead? Because they seemed completely sound of mind they and their band of dwarves-\" \"'Dwarves'? You said they were giants.\" The queen accused. \"They're giant...dwarves. They're big...but sometimes small.\" Alcott explained. \"Well, I feel I have been deceived.\" The queen stated, putting her hands on her hips.. \"No! No, I am being deceived!\" The prince exclaimed as he stepped forth toward the throne. \"Well, I feel...\" The queen trailed off for a moment. \"Oh, for the love of God, could someone please get this man a shirt so I can concentrate!\" Bryton turned to do so, just so he could get out of the room, but the queen caught him. \"Not you, Bryton! Not you.\" \"All I know is that I have been mislead either by you, Rose or Snow, and I find this current line of events to be completely confusing.\" Alcott concluded. \"'Confusing'? A fine word. A grand word for this situation. In years to come, when people look upon the word 'confusing', they will point to this very afternoon, when the world learned that two dead girls were alive, leading around a band of giant dwarves...UGH! And here I was having such a good day!\" *Hours Later* Snow and Rose cooked up a grand feast for the nine of them. Well rather eight, seeing as Half-Pint went to the pub to have his own celebration. At least, that's what he told everyone. Unbeknownst to them, he went to the silver smith. Snow had revealed to him that her little sister would soon turn eighteen, and he wanted to get her a gift. \"Hey, I'm here to get something for my girl.\" He told the smithie. \"What is it you need, lad?\" He asked. \"Something that says 'I wanna be more than friends, but I don't wanna go too fast'. You got anything?\" The dwarf explained. \"Believe it or not, I do.\" The smithie walked over to the back and picked up a beautiful box with a golden lock on it. \"Years ago, just months after this winter started, a woman came here and sold this to me. I've tried making keys to unlock it, but none seem to work. It's a beautiful box, and I haven't the heart to break it open. Do you think she'll like it?\" Half-Pint noticed the emblom on the box. A sparrow, just like her key. \"Oh, yeah. She'll like it.\" He then paid for it and left to the pub, after a day like the one he had, he needed a drink. Well, one drink became two drinks. Two became four, four became more. But before he left, Half-Pint heard a few guards talking amoungst themselves. \"The prince agreed to it.\" One said. \"I heard. He's excited to marry her. The wedding's tomorrow at the lake.\" The second one added. Half-Pint was curious about this. He might have been a little drunk, but that didn't mean he didn't care for details. The third one revealed the bride. \"Who would've thougt that after five marriages, the queen would marry someone like the prince?\" The dwarf couldn't believe what he was hearing. This was news worth sharing. He grabbed the box he got for Rose and ran back to the house. *In The Forest* Everyone sat at the table and ate. Snow and Rose outdid themselves that night. All those years of going to the kitchen and helping the staff paid off greatly. The princesses sat at the end of the table, Snow on the left next to Grub and Rose on the right next to Butcher. They were all laughing until they heard a loud thud. \"Hey! Who put that tree there?\" Half-Pint yelled drunkedly. Rose laughed as she watched him drop a box next to the door and run up to his spot next to Grimm. \"Hey, listen!\" He gasped. \"You guys are never gonna believe what I heard at the-\" He hiccupped. \"Pub.\" \"What?\" Everyone chorused together. \"Shh!\" The drunken dwarf hushed Grimm. \"Queen is getting married.\" \"Again?\" Napolean questioned. \"Not good.\" Grimm commented. \"What's on the menu?\" Wolf joked. \"Poor guy.\" Rose commented. She lifted her cup. \"Whoever he is, I wish him an early, peaceful, and not to metion, painless death.\" She then drank from her cup. \"Here here.\" Chuckles added with a chuckle as he did the same. \"Who's she marrying, the baron?\" Snow asked with a giggle. \"No! She marrying the prince!\" Half-Pint answered. All was silent. Snow was in painful shock. Rose looked at her sister and felt awful about what she said. Being a good sister, she wrapped her arm around the older princess's shoulder and hugged her. She knew Snow wanted to ask, but she could form the words, so Rose asked for her. \"Why would he do that?\" Half-Pint wasn't sure how respond to that. Rose asked the question, yet he thought Snow would. But he didn't want to be silent. \"Why-why would you care?\" He asked curiously. Grub wanted to break the tension and change the subject. \"Could someone pass the potatoes, please?\" Grimm made a hand motion telling him to wait. Rose wanted to continue for her sister, but Snow was able to ask the next question. Sadly, she couldn't ask with crying. \"When's the wedding?\" \"Tomorrow. Down at the lake.\" Half-Pint answered honestly. He didn't want to hurt Snow, but she wanted the answer. \"Potatoes, please?\" Grub tried again. And again, Grimm told him to wait. Snow sniffled as she stood and went to leave. Rose tried to go with her, But Snow held up her hand. \"No, Rosey. I just wanna be alone.\" So the red head sat back down and watched her sister walk off into the forest. Half-Pint tried to make it better. \"It-it's just a private little affair.\" \"Not so private anymore, Half-Pint.\" Rose stated as she ignored her sister's plea, she got up and followed Snow. \"Hey, I won't let you suffer alone.\" She said as she let her sister cry on her shoulder. They walked further into the woods so no one could hear her sobs. Rose suddenly felt chills go up her spine. She could hear a voice that made her cringe. How could she hear it, she honestly didn't know. But what she heard made her fear the worst. \"I want them killed.\" \"Snow White.\" \"Rose Red.\" \"I need your magic.\" \"Just give me whatever you've got!\" \"I just want them dead!\" She pulled away from her sister. \"Snow, something's wrong.\" She then faced the direction toward the house. After taking two steps, she blacked out and fell. \"ROSEY! ROSEY!\" Snow knelt down next to her sister and saw that her eyes were open and she had a blank expression. What was going on? It seemed like the younger sister was in a trance. Rose was having a vision. A giant, wooden marrionette fell next to the house and stood up on its own. A second fell next to the table. They started attacking the dwarves. She then saw herself and her sister run up. Jumping onto the house, Rose unsheathed her sword and saw the strings holdig the first marrionette up. \"They're puppets!\" Snow exclaimed before she sliced the strings, making the puppet fall. She then handed her sword to Rose, who saw shomething going on further up the roof. Rose ran up and jumped over the hole, slicing the strings to the second puppet. The red head gasped as she came out of her trance. \"We need to get to the house, now!\" And the sister took off without another word. Whe they got there, bith princesses saw one of the puppets pulling a battering ram from the house with Napolean and Wolf clinging to it. They let go and fell before it. The sisters ran upthe roof and behind the puppet and Snow saw the moonlight reflecting off the strings. \"They're puppets!\" She gasped. She then sliced through the strings, causing the marrionette to fall to the ground. \"Butcher!\" Wolf yelled as he pointed behind them. Snow threw her sword to Rose, who ran up higher and jumped over the hole. She slied the strings off the second marrionette, making it fall just before it would have hit Butcher, Chuckles and Half-Pint. Once she landed, Rose tuned to look inside. \"Are you okay?\" The three dwarves looked up the younger princess. Butcher fainted, Chucles just stared, and Half-Pint was grinning like a mad man. But Rose soon fell on top of the roof, blacking out once again. Rose stood before a woman who looked like the queen. But it was obvious that she wasn't. This woman looked much more kind than the queen. She was sitting in a chair with the two unstrung marrionettes on either side of her. \"Who are you?\" Rose asked. \"I am currently the reflection of the queen.\" She answered in a gentle voice. \"But I was once the reflection of your mother.\" She then shapeshifted into Beatrice. She looked exactly Rose, only older and taller. \"You're lying.\" Rose accused. \"Your mother was always kind to me. Dispite being blind, she always saw the beauty in everything. Even in her lifestyle. She told me over seventeen years ago that the most beautiful thing to ever happen to her was having you. You were and always will be your mother's most prized treasure.\" The woman explained. \"You tried to kill my friends.\" The princess stated. \"No. I was only showing you and Snow White that you both are braver than you think. I was never going to kill them. I am sorry for hurting them though. Sometimes those puppets have minds of their own.\" \"Why am I here?\" Rose asked. \"I summoned you. You are, after all, Beatrice's daughter. You inherited the gift I gave her. The Gift of Foresight. You are starting to have visions around the same age she did. Through foresight, she saw you in her future. You were actually her very first vision. And the first thing she told me was 'Thank you for this amazing gift. Now I can see the child I've always wanted'.\" She then changed back to the queen. \"Why are you the reflection of the queen?\" The red head asked. \"She's very vain. Every person I have ever reflected was once very beautiful. But only a handful were never, in any way, vain. Your mother was my favorite of that handful. She had never asked for my magic to be used on herself, only to be used to help other. I never charge a price on people who wish to help others. Only on those who are extremely selfish and vain.\" \"Like the queen?\" Rose asked. \"Yes. And she has used so much of my magic already. It like I told her, 'Everyone has magic within them, but very few dicover it and learn to spend it wisely.' Your mother was one of the few. The only thing she ever asked from me for herself was advice. And now, you are one of the few as well.\" The reflection stated with a small smile. \"That story the king told me when I was a child. About the woman from the circus selling him that music box. That was my mother, wasn't it?\" \"Yes. The king, when he was a prince, never told your mother that he was royalty. And yet, she told him a vision of his kingdom. Amazing what small gestures can do, isn't it?\" \" Could you please explain one of my mother's visions to me?\" Rose asked. \"Of course.\" The reflection answered. \"She told me about meeting my true love. That he would be worth more than any royalty. But he would also be the most unlikely. Do you know who has seen as my true love?\" \"Yes. And you will soon see him as such. He is someone who you've already met. And when you wake up, Rosalee, you will truly understand your gift. Beatrice always hoped that you would become something great. Make her proud.\" And with that, Rose woke up.[Chapter 12] i want lots of reviews or i wont up date. i'll put it this way, if i dont get at least six reviews, i wont finish the story. so remember, i always get my way. Mua ha ha ha! Rose woke up with a start, almost forgetting where she was. But she looked up and saw her sister writing a note. \"Snow?\" She asked in a raspy voice. \"What are you doing?\" The older sister faced the younger and wore a sad look. \"I was going to wake you before I left. We need to leave if we want them to be safe.\" Rose nodded. She understood. As she sat up, she turned to her right to find Half-Pint next to her. He looked so at peace when he was asleep. As Rose watched him, she realized that if anything happened to him, she'd never forgive herself. Rose gasped as the realization hit her like a ton of bricks. He would be worth more than any royalty. Half-Pint meant more to Rose than any prince could even come close to. He would be the most unlikely. Besides the obvious, he was the most unlikely person she'd fall in love with. She was a princess. He was a thief. Rose leant down and planted a feathered kiss on his cheek. \"I love you.\" She whispered. While her sister was finishing her note, the red head decided to write one of her own. But unlike Snow White's, which was for all seven dwarves, Rose Red's would be for just one of them. Once she finished, she and Snow walked outside. But not after taking two steps did The the older princess say, \"We should at least fix the sign.\" Both sister's got to work to fix the sign that was destroyed by one of the puppets the night before. *Inside* Napolean was the first to wake. As he stood up to stretch, he noticed two pieces of paper on the table. One he saw was for all of them. But the second was just for Half-Pint. Sighing, he finally decided to wake his friends. \"Guys. Wake up. Wake up.\" Everyone still slept. \"Guys, wake up!\" He yelled. All the other dwarves rolled, stumbled and toppled out of their beds. \"Snow and Rose are gone.\" That statement woke all of them up. \"Did you check the kitchen?\" Grub asked. \"They must have left when we slept.\" Napolean concluded. \"Impossible.\" Half-Pint countered. \"They'd never just leave us like that.\" \"Did they make us breakfast?\" Grub asked. \"No, but...Snow left us a note.\" Napolean then started reading the note out loud. \"'Dear Butcher, Napolean, Grub, Half-Pint, Wolf, Chuck and Grimm, I'm so sorry we had to leave. We love you all dearly, but Rose and I realized that our presence can only cause you harm. I thought I was strong enough to do this, but I am not. I know Rosey is, but I won't risk her to do this on her own. I am not my father, much as I wish I was. I am not a leader. We'll go some place far away where we can be safe from the queen, but I know we both will forever cherish our time with all of you. Love, Snow. Grub, I left you a tall stack of pancakes on the stove.'\" \"I don't want pancakes. I want Snow and Rose.\" Grub said in a sad voice. Napolean turned to Half-Pint and held out Rose's note. \"Rose wrote a note for you.\" Half-Pint snatched the letter from Napolean and read it out loud. \"'Dear Half-Pint, It pains me to say it, but I have to leave. If I could stay, I would. But if anything happened to you because of me, I would never forgive myself. You mean too much to me. It's like I told you, \"There needs to be more men like you in the world\". Remember what I told you, \"Don't ever change\", and I hope you never do. And please know this. I love you,'\" He paused for a few moments. \"She loves me?\" Half-Pint asked as he looked around at each of his friends. \"Keep reading.\" Grim said. \"'...and I always will. I can only hope that you feel the same for me. With all the love in my heart, Rose.'\" Half-Pint had a tear slide down his cheek. A woman finally loved him back...and she was gone. He held the note to his chest, right over his heart. He could feel it swell and break at the same time. Finally, Grimm stood up. \"Okay. Let's consider all our options and then we'll put it to a vote.\" Everyone seemed reluctant. But only one spoke how he felt, and it was the most unlikely of them all. Butcher turned around to face the others. \"No. No huddle and no vote. We go after them now.\" They all gladly agreed to that, especially Half-Pint. \"C'mon, guys. They couldn't have gone far.\" Grimm said as he lead the others out. \"Wolf, you track them.\" They shuffled outside, one right after the other. Only to stop when they saw the princesses fixing the sign. \"Snow! Rose!\" They exclaimed. \"You were supposed to let us leave.\" Snow said. They finished the sign and sat on one of the logs. Grub and Half-Pint ran up to hug them. \"No, no. Don't leave us.\" Grub pleaded before he pulled away to stand with his friends. Half-Pint, however, stood next to Rose, their hands intertwined. \"You can't just give up now. What about the prince?\" Napolean questioned. Snow ws silent for a few moments before saying, \"He loves someone else.\" \"That's impossible.\" Grimm stated with authority. \"I never had a chance with the prince, just like I never had a chance against the queen.\" The older princess stated. \"Okay, this is getting old.\" Rose said. \"Listen, our father, who loved me enough to bring me home, wanted you to be the rightful queen, not that lecherous she-beast that's there now. Me, I don't care where I end up. But I do care for you.\" Napolean nodded as he added on. \"Snow, you and Rose once told us that because people were mean to us, we can still steal from them, as long as they're not poor children.\" \"That's not what they said.\" Grimm said. The sisters giggled at the situation. \"I was taking poetic license.\" Napolean clarrified. \"Snow, you took seven thieving dwarves, who thought they had no other chance in life, and you gave them another choise. You were strong enough to do that.\" The others, including Rose, nodded in agreement. \"We don't see little girls when we look at you two.\" Butcher commented. \"We see princesses.\" Grim said. \"And leaders.\" Chuckles added. \"Our leaders.\" Butcher stated. \"Your kingdom needs you.\" Grub said. \"I need you.\" Half-Pint said to Rose. She grinned at his statement. Butcher walked up and hit Half-Pint on the back of his head, which caused him to correct himself. \"I mean, we need you.\" Snow and rose looked at each other with knowing smiles. Snow picked up her sword from the ground while Rose did the same with her bo staff. \"Who feels like crashing a wedding?\" Snow asked with enthusiasm. The dwarves cheered and Wolf reared his head back and howled. As most pf the dwarves ran back inside to change, Half-Pint found the box he bought the night before next to the house. With a smile, he picked it up and walked up to Rose. \"Rose, I got this for you last night.\" The red head smiled as she took the box from him. Sitting in the snow next to the standing dwarf, she inspected the box, only to gasp when she saw the sparrow emblom on the top. \"Were did you find this?\" She asked. \"I went to the silver smith last night. He said some lady sold it to him years ago.\" The dwarf explained. Rose took hold of the key that hung around her neck. Grabbing the string, she ripped it from her neck. She grabbed the key and pushed it into the lock. It fit. Turning it, she heard the lock unhinge. She slowly lifted the lid, finding the music box in the far left corner. It was dust covered, but it looked as if it were still intact. Rose picked the small instrument up and lifted it out of the box to show Half-Pint. \"That's it? I bought a beautiful box only to find that it had an old wind up toy inside?\" Rose smirked as she turned the crank. The chime was still as beautiful as she remebered. She then sang the lullaby for the light tune. \"On the wind, cross the sea. Hear this song and remember. Soon you'll be home with me. Once upon a December.\" She smiled at the memory of her mother singing the lullaby to her. She turned back to Half-Pint to see him look like a slack jaw fool with his mouth hanging open. \"Close your mouth or you'll catch flies.\" Half-Pint did as he was told. Both then walked back inside so the dwarf could change into his clothes. Today was a good day for Half-Pint. He finally found the woman he loved. And the best part was that she loved him back.[Chapter 13] For those that speak English, I encourage everyone, even those who don't speak English, to review. It would mean a lot to me. Love From Chica! Für die, die Deutsch sprechen, Ich ermutige jeden, sogar die, die Englisch nicht sprechen, zu überprüfen. Es würde viel mir bedeuten. Lieben Sie Von Chica! Para esses que falam português, Eu incentivo todo o mundo, mesmo esses que não falam inglês, revisar. Quereria dizeria muito a mim. Ame De Chica! Pour ceux-là qui parle du français, Je tout le monde, même ceux qui ne parlent pas l'anglais, encourage réexaminer. Il signifierait beaucoup à moi. Aimer De Chica! Per quelli che parla l'italiano, Tutti, anche quelli che non parla degli inglesi, incoraggio riesaminare. Significherebbe molto a me. Amare Da Chica! Para ésos que hablan español, Favorezco todos, aún los que no hablan inglés, para revisar. Significaría mucho a mí. ¡Adore De Chica! 나는 모든 사람들, 심지어 영어를 할 줄 알고 검토 없는 분들을 격려. 그것은 내게 많은 것을 의미할 것이다. Chica의 사랑! \"Okay, you guys. Remember the plan?\" Rose asked. Everyone nodded. They needed to get someone on the inside incase something went wrong. Butcher and Grub both agreed to be the guys on the inside. They just needed a diguise. Rose knew how to get one very easily. Rose hid behind a tree and waited until she saw a carriage coming up. Perfect. She then casually walked onto the path as if she didn't see the carriage. Once she heard it close enough, she turned around and pretended to be knocked to the ground as it passed her. The stage coach halted the horses. Before he could step off of the sled, the lord that was inside openned the door and poked his head out. \"What happened, Winston?\" Winston stepped off and walked over to Rose, who was lying on her side in the snow. \"It appears we hit a woman, Lord Gordon.\" He said. Lord Gordon, who was tall and wore a long blue cloak, stepped out of his sled and walked over to Rose. \"Oh, the poor dear. Winston, get a blanket.\" \"Yes, sir.\" Lord Gordon then knelt down and helped Rose sit up. Afew moments passed and she opened her eyes. \"Sorry.\" She said Before the lord could question her statement, Butcher popped out from behind the tree behind Rose, on his stilts, and used his whip to trip the lord. Once on the ground, Butcher whipped his whip around his leg and dragged him off. Winston stepped out of the sled, blanket in hand, and walked toward Rose. When he saw that his lord was gone, he looked at the red head. \"Where is Lord Gordon?\" \"He went for a ride.\" Rose smiled. Her bo staff was tossed to her out of no where. When she caught it, she twirled it a few times before knocking Winston on the head hard enough to knock him out. The others came out and dragged the stage coach off in the same direction Lord Gordon was taken. Five minutes passed and the dwarves ran back to get in the sled. Snow and Rose sat at the front, prepared to drive to the lake. It took nearly fifteen minutes, but they made it through the woods and to the wedding. Butcher stood on Grubs shoulders, steadying himself. Once he was balanced, Rose and Snow help place the cloak on his shoulders and pin it closed. Then, Rose found a hat inside the sled and put it on the dwarf's head. Once the two made it on the inside, the rest waited a few minutes. Now, Chuckles and Half-Pint ran in and hid underneath the dresses of two women. Once they were sure no one was looking, they threw snow balls at the guards, making them turn from the entrance. When they weren't looking, Wolf and Napolean ran in front of them. Wolf whistled to get their attention. Turning back around, the guards were knocked out by the two dwarves. One by Wolf's club, the other by Napolean's wlking stick. The rest of the group walked through the entrance. What surprized Rose was how easy it was. That is until she heard a lady scream inside the tent. They were caught. But it was too late for anyone to do anything now. Snow clanged her sword to Grimm's helmet loud enough to be heard, but light enough to not hurt him. \"Excuse me!\" She called. When everyone turned to them, Chuckles and Half-Pint ran out from under the dresses they were hiding in, making the wearers scream. Rose smirked as she stood by her sister. \"This...is a stickup.\" The red head claimed. \"Give us your money.\" Grimm demanded. \"And your clothes.\" Napolean added with a smirk. \"No!\" The prince barked. (haha) \"You cannot do this again!\" Rose smirked as she stepped forward. She continued walking toward Alcott, the crowd parting like the Red Sea. \"We can.\" She stated. \"We will...\" She trailed. Then, Butcher hit the prince on the back of his head with a silver guantlet, knocking him out cold. \"And we just did.\" Rose finished. The dwarves loaded the prince, along with the money and clothes they got from the royals, into the sled and sped off into the woods and back to the house. On the way back, Rose felt that strange feeling that she did last night. Her eyes suddenly burned, but she refused to pass out again. Instead, she went into a trance. Rose saw the queen's reflection looking at her. \"I saw how you handled the wedding.\" She started. \"It was rather entertaining.\" She let a small smile show. \"Was the queen mad?\" She couldn't help but ask. \"She was furious. I did warn her that if she continued, she would be unhappy with the results. But she never listens to me.\" \"She never listens to anyone.\" Rose stated. The reflection nodded before continuing. \"The reason I pulled you here though was to warn you. You need to prepare yourself for tonight, and keep that music box with you at all times. You're going to need it.\" \"Why?\" \"I can't tell you. And it's not because I don't have the ability, because I do. It's just that your mother always told me not to help you in these kind of situations. She always wanted you to do thing she knew you could over come.\" \"Fine. But what about the prince?\" Rose asked. \"That one's not for you to break. It's for Snow. You can help, but you won't be the one who solves it in the end.\" She then blinked and a vision was shown. It was of Half-Pint. He was rocking a baby to sleep next to a crib. \"Beatrice, you remind of your mother everyday.\" He whispered. \"You're not going on about that again, are you?\" Rose came into vision with a chuckle as she picked up the baby and put her in the crib. Then, the vision faded and Rose snapped out of the trance. Rose blink tears from her eyes, trying to clear her eye vision. She noticed that they just stopped at the house. The prince was still unconsious, so, he was soon tied to one of the chairs outside, with his back facing the others. Everyone sat on either the boulder or the log next to the house and watched as Alcott started to awaken. He didn't know where he was at first, but he soon saw that he wasn't at his wedding. \"I need to get back to my queen.\" He said out loud. He tried standing, but struggled. When he realized he was tied down, he started whimpering like a puppy. \"What is happening?\" He cried. \"You're staying here until we know what to do with you.\" Grimm stated. That statement only made the prince whimper and whine even more loudly, until finally he broke out into a pitiful sob. \"You have to take me back to my precious queen!\" He cried desperately. \"Enough already!\" Butcher yelled. It didn't really help matters. \"You don't understand! I yearn for the nectar of her skin!\" Alcott cried out. It had to be the strangest statement they ever heard. \"'Nectar of her skin'?\" Grub questioned. \"Who talks like that?\" Half-Pint asked. \"He sounds like a lost puppy.\" Rose stated. \"He must be under some kind of spell.\" Grimm concluded. \"A spell?\" Snow asked. \"Well, that sound like the queen.\" \"Typical of the wicked witch.\" Rose muttered so only Half-Pint could hear her. Everyone then turned to the older princess. She then asked golden question. \"Anyone know how to break a spell?\" Butcher was the first to take a crack at it. He walked over and turned the prince around. While doing so, Alcott snapped at him like a bad dog. But when he stopped, he went right back to whimpering again, until Butcher took a fighting pose. After hopping around a bit, Butcher launched a hard right hook on Alcott's face. Everyone winced. But the prince went back to sobbing. \"My only pain is being absent from my queen.\" Butcher turned back and shrugged. Everyone let out and exasperated sigh. \"This is gonna be a while.\" Rose stated. They all tried everything they could think of. But they all failed. Half-Pint hit him with a pair of dust beaters. FAILED! Napolean rang a small gong right next to his ear. FAILED! Grimm hit his face with his staff like a pool cue. It made everyone flinch, but still. FAILED! Grub held a raw fish next to his face. \"There you go, buddy.\" It made him gag. But in the end...FAILED! Chuckles tickled him with a feather. The prince laughed. But when Chucles pulled away, he went back to sobbing. FAILED! Napolean tried blowing a horn right next to his ear. It nearly made everyone go deaf. But no change. FAILED! Wolf was chanting and danced around Alcott to some strange ritual he claimed worked in his old village. It only earned a strange stare from the prince. Upon seeing that, Wolf growled at him, causing Alcott to flinch back and whine. So basically...FAILED! Butcher tried to punch the prince a few more times, but it still...FAILED! The prince kept crying loudly while the heroes sat together and stared at him. \"Anyone have any more bright ideas?\" Rose grumbled. A light seemed to go off in Napolean. \"I've got it. I can't believe I didn't think of this before.\" He paused a few moments before he gave his answer. \"A kiss.\" \"Excuse me?\" Snow asked. \"The kiss of true love is what liberates someone from a spell.\" He explained. \"And you know this how?\" Butcher asked. \"Unlike some people, I read.\" Napolean stated. \"Oh, and we can't?\" Grub stated. \"I never said that!\" Napolean exclaimed. At this point, an arguement was started. Snow stood up and took a few steps forward. Turning back to the dwarves and her sister, the Dark haired princess yelled, \"Guys!\" Clearing her throat, she continued. \"It's not how a girl imagines her first kiss. But...I guess it's worth a try.\" She started walking toward the wailing prince until Rose spoke up. \"Snow, are you sure?\" Snow only gave a sheepish shrug. This seemed to really bother Napolean. \"Wait.\" The older princess stopped and turned around. \"This is your first kiss?\" The dwarf questioned. Snow looked at the ground, not able to look him in the eye. But he did make it better. Napolean quickly stood as he spoke. \"We can do better than this.\" He then walked over to stand next to Snow. \"Napolean!\" The others exclaimed in confusion. Turning around, the dwarf explained his actions. \"This is her first kiss! Do not mess with me on this!\" He then took the princess inside. \"What do we do now?\" Grub asked. Rose decided to take charge. \"Give me a moment with Weeping Beauty. Then we need to bring him inside.\" With that said, she stood and walked to the prince. She then knelt down beside him. \"Hey.\" Alcott whimpered when he saw her. \"No, it's okay boy. I won't hurt you. I just need you to listen.\" She said in a motherly voice. The prince calmed down and stopped whimpering. \"My sister really cares about you. As long as you be good and do what we say, by the end of the night, I'll personally take you back to the castle to be with your queen. Okay?\" Upon hearing that he would be returned to the queen, Alcott smiled and nodded with enthusiasm. Then, like an actual puppy, he licked her cheek. Rose chuckled and wiped her cheek. \"Good boy.\" Everyone then moved to push the prince inside. After that, everyone sat on the second floor, waiting to see what happened. Soon, Napolean joined them. \"Okay, guys. Just work with it.\" A few moments later, Snow walked in. Her hair was pinned up and her lips were a little darker. A few simple changes go a long way. She walked up to the prince. He looked up at her. With a pleading look, he said, \"Please don't do this.\" Snow only walked closer and sat on Alcott's lap, despite his protests. Placing her hands on his shoulders, she whisperd, \"Just close your eyes.\" The more she tried to lean forward, the more the prince pulled away, until finally she pulled away and laid her forehead on his shoulder. \"I can't do this.\" After gaining her composure, Snow stated, \"I need a little privacy.\" She then looked up at the second floor, seeing the dwarves and her sister watching the whole scene play out. \"Please?\" Everyone groaned, but did as she then turned back to the prince. \"Come back to me.\" Alcott just shook his head, doing everything he could to not kiss her. But the older sister leaned forward and gently laid her lips on his. At first, he just sat there, dumbstruck. But the prince soon started kissing her back. Rose couldn't help but smile. She knew the spell was now broken. And it was perfect. That is until sheard, \"The queen...\" Everyone groaned. Perfect. But the situation turned when the prince added, \"...is nothing compared to you.\" Yes! The spell was broken! \"Snow White, you taste of strawberries.\" Alcott stated with a smile. Snow couldn't help but giggle. \"How'd you do that?\" He asked with a grin. Finally, something went right today.[Chapter 14] Hours later, the sun had set, and all ten of the current forest residents were getting supper ready. While this was going on, Rose remembered what the queen's reflection had told her. Frantically, she searched for the music box. Once she found it, she found a small pouch and used it to carry the trinket in, making sure to tie the strings around her wrist. As she walked down stairs, it became apparent that the prince would marry Snow White. And it was also obvious that Rose and Half-Pint would marry each other as well. And that thought put big smile on the red head's face. Once she sat down and made her plate, She joined in on the current conversation. \"Could you imagine the prince being married to the queen his entire life?\" Grimm asked in good humor. \"God, what a never ending nightmare.\" Rose joked. In hearing this, the prince turned around to face the table before stating, \"Wait. What are you talking about. Married to the queen the rest of my life? I don't even like the queen.\" \"Not what you said earlier.\" Rose said in a sing song voice. Everyone else chuckled as the prince looked even more confused. \"It's true.\" Snow added. \"You were under her spell. You even yearned for the nectar of her skin.\" Everyone laughed at the statement. Grub then interjected. \"No, no. It was, 'You don't understand!'\" He whined dramatically. Everyone else joined in to say, \"I yearn for the nectar of her skin!'\" Afterwards, they shared a good laugh. All but the prince, that is. \"Oh, that is bizarre. Thank you for saving me.\" The statement wasn't enough. And Alcott realized that when he turned to find the dwarves wearing expectant looks on their faces. \"I think also when we met, I...I may have called you children, as well as other cruel names. I was wrong. I apologize.\" Rose and Snow smiled at that. It was sweet of the prince to say that. But the moment was ruined when Butcher said, \"That's okay. You're not the twit we thought you were either.\" \"Butcher!\" Grimm exclaimed. \"Is he always like this?\" Alcott asked. Rose was about to answer, but she froze in an instant. She just stared blankly to whatever was in front of her. Half-Pint saw this and cocked an eyebrow. \"Rose, are you okay?\" She didn't answer. Half-Pint then stood up to walk over to the princess. He gently shook her shoulder, but it didn't phase her one bit. Everyone started to worry. She didn't blink, only stare. Her breath sounded shallow and as if she were struggling. What had happened was she started hearing the same voice making different statements. If you want someone dead, you have to do it yourself. He does whatever I want. Die well, Snow White. Rose Red, fade with grace. It ended with the sound of evil laughing. After blinking a few times, Rose saw everyone staring at her. Just before anyone could question her strange behavior, she whispered, \"Oh, God.\" The house then started rumbling. There was only one explanation. and Grub yelled it out loud. \"The Beast!\" His statement was confirmed when the Beast roared. \"He never comes to this side of the woods!\" Half-Pint exclaimed. He then saw Rose stand up next to her sister and walk toward th door, both with their weapons in hand. \"It's here for us.\" Snow stated. Turning back to face her friends, she said, \"Gentlemen, I can think of no greater group of warriors to lead into battle,\" The dwarves cheered, but the excitement was short lived as Rose finished the statement. \"But this is our fight.\" And with that, the princesses ran out the door and locked it. It was strange that the lock was on the outside. As Snow White stayed behind to say goodbye, Rose ran off into the forest. She wanted to end this. After a few minutes of wandering the woods, Rose noted how the roars of the Beast were fading. As she went into a small clearing, she screamed at the top of her lungs, \"EVIL WITCH! I'M NOT AFRAID OF YOU!\" She knew the queen was behind it. She heard twigs snap, causing her to turn around. There she was, the evil queen, staring at her. \"Well, I'm surprized I didn't see you before your sister, but now that I think about, I'm much more giddy to see you now. You know, the strangest thing happened at my wedding today, my bridegroom was stolen.\" \"Not even the Devil would willingly marry you!\" Rose exclaimed. \"Where's your pet Beast?!\" \"You know that I control it? Well, what else do you know? I might as well find out since you and your sister are about to die anyway.\" \"I find it hard to believe that you can control that monster!\" Rose shouted. \"Monster?\" The queen chuckled. \"It's very strange of you to call him that. Considering that when you were younger, you loved him with all your heart, especially the day he let you into his own.\" The princess didn't know what to think. She didn't understand what the queen said. But what she said was soon forgotten as the Beast landed on the ground next to its master. It had the head of a wolf with antlers on the top of its head. He had long arms with razor sharp claws. On its back was a set of tattered, feathered wings, which explained how it was able to stay in the air. The lower half of its body was like a snake. It looked at Rose as if she were a piece of meat, but in this case, she actually was. She then heard the queen say, \"Rose Red, fade with grace.\" Rose turned and ran as fast as she could in the other direction. As she ran, she hear the branches above her crack from their trees. She looked up to see the Beast following her. As she ran, Rose didn't see the stick on the ground , causing her to trip and land in the snow. Rolling onto her back, she quickly picked her bo staff up and held it against her chest as she watched the Beast land in front of her. It crawled slowly toward her, in an almost demonic stance. But right as it stood mere inches away from her shivering body, its features softened. That was when Rose noticed its eyes, they were the same mix of blue and green as the king's. The Beast then whined a little bit as it looked at Rose, almost as if it were in pain. She decided to try something. She felt as though her idea was insane, but she didn't care. What other options did she have? Slowly, Rose openned the pouch that was tied around her wrist, taking the tiny music box out. She then twisted the crank, letting the soft lulluby play. The Beast seemed to calm down and lower its stance. Rose then decided to sing the song. \"On the wind, cross the sea. Hear this song and remember. Soon you'll be home with me...\" She stopped as the Beast leaned closer, close enough for Rose to place her right hand on its forehead. Dropping the music box, Rose softly sang the last line. \"Once upon a December.\" The Beast stared into Rose's eyes as it whimpered. She stroked its forehead and whispered, \"Father?\" Before anything else could happen, a snowball hit the Beast's head, causing it to return to its demonic snarling stance and fly off toward the queen. Rose was still gasping as she sat in the snow. The next thing she knew, Half-Pint ran in front of her, fear across his face. \"Are you insane?! That thing could've eaten you!\" Rose just sat there, silent. When she realized she wasn't alone, she turned to face Half-Pint. In a hushed tone, she said, \"He's not a beast.\" Half-Pint thought Rose had finally lost it. But she quickly stood and picked up her bo staff and she managed to quickly slip the music box back in its pouch. \"C'mon! We have to find Snow!\" And with that, they ran. It surprized Rose that her love could keep up with her. But now was not the time to question his speed. As they came to meet the other dwarves, they all took off. They just followed the sound of the beast's growls. They finally reached the small cliff where they had their first robbery. Rose saw the Beast just about to attack Snow. She was about to jump down and help until Half-Pint grabbed her arm. \"No! I won't let you kill yourself!\" \"Let go!\" She screamed as she tried to pull away. For a dwarf, Half-Pint had a strong grip. \"I have to do something!\" \"You could stay up here and help us! I'm not letting you near that thing!\" Finally, Rose couldn't take it. She let her hand fly as she slapped her true love. She didn't slap him too hard, just hard enough to let her go. Once she was free of his grip, she leapt over the cliff. Half-Pint just stood there, in shock of what had just happened. Even the other six were surprized. No one ever expected Rose to hurt Half-Pint. But they quickly let it be as they started throwing snowballs at the Beast. Half-Pint had to think about everything later. Right now, he needed to help his friends. While the Beast was being pelted with snowballs, Rose ran to Snow's side. \"Are you alraight?\" Snow nodded as she hugged her sister. \"I though you had been eaten.\" She whispered. That made the red head remember something. Pulling away, She looked at Snow and said, \"Snow, don't kill the Beast! He's not what we think.\" Suddenly, the ground shook. The Beast had used his tail to hit the ground, causing it to shake and make the dwarves fall from the cliff. Thankfully, none of them were hurt. Turning to the pricesses, the Beast stalked toward them, causing them both to scamper backwards, trying to get away. As it did so, Rose could hear the voice again. ...a dark magic invaded the land. The kingdom fell into an icy despair. And the queen realized if she wanted to remain the most beautiful woman in all the land, well, snow and rose had to do what snow and rose do best. Snow would have to fall. And Rose would have to wilt and die... Rose screamed as she shook her head. She couldn't take it any longer. She stood and looked up at the Beast. \"STOP!\" She shouted. The Beast didn't do anything but snort at the young girl's attempts. So, taking his tail, he reared it back and batted Rose off to the side. The impact was so hard that the moment she hit that tree, she was gone. Half-Pint may have been dizzy from falling, but he was able to see his true love get killed. His heart was immediantly shattered. Rose opened her eyes and saw the reflection sitting in a chair in front of a mirror. She patted the empty chair next her, beckoning the princess to sit there. Once she sat down, the reflection smiled. \"You have fulfilled your destiny.\" Rose looked into the mirror and saw the queen laughing. \"I knew I'd get that little brat!\" \"I don't think so.\" The reflection stated. Turning to the mirror, the queen asked, \"What are you talking about?\" \"Have I ever told you about Rose Red's gift? I believe she has true magic within her, magic powerful enough to stop even you.\" The queen merely gave a confused look. But it went to fear when her reflection vanished, revealing Rose glaring right back at her. \"You will fail this time.\" Her voice echoed like the reflection's did. \"My sister will destroy all that you've built, leaving everything as it should be.\" Suddenly, the queen's necklace glowed. As the queen pulled it off to inspect it, she watched in fear as the hand holding it began to age. The queen grabbed a hankerchief to cover it up. But nothing could stop it. Her face started aging as well, revealing what she was on the inside, an ugly old hag. Rose smirked, knowing that her sister had done it. Snow White didn't slay the Beast, she freed him. Rose then spoke. \"So, are you ready to discover the price for using magic?\" \"No! This was supposed to be my story!\" The queen shouted. \"Well, looks like this story wasn't for you, but for my sister and myself. But I know what your story will be. It will be of you, living the rest of your days in isolation, for fear of being exposed.\" And with that, the mirror shattered. The queen's reflection appeared in front of Rose with a smile. \"Very well done. But this won't be the rest of your life.\" \"But my life ended.\" Rose said in confusion. \"Self sacrifice is something so few will ever do. But it was something Beatrice did so you could live. I'm not about to let what she gave to you go to waste. After all, it was her dying wish.\" The reflection then turned into Beatrice. \"She knew that if you were to live the life she foretold, she'd have to make the ultimate sacrifice. And she was willing to do it...for you.\" She then walked up to the young princess. Once she stood right in front of her, she grasped her shoulders, pushing her backwards. Rose fell into darkness. Snow didn't know what to do. Her sister was dead and the Beast was cornering her. With its tail holding the prince against a tree, the Beast slithered closer, only for its fierce features to soften as it looked at her. He then whimpered and exposed his neck, revealing a necklace exactly like the queen's. He's not what we think. Rose's statement repeated itself over and over inside Snow's head until it suddenly made sense. Ignoring Alcott's pleas to kill the Beast, Snow snagged the necklace with the daggar given to her by her father. The Beast writhed in pain as it transformed into its true form. Once the transformation was complete, what stood in place of the Beast was the king. He looked around at everything, but the one thing he focused on was his eldest daughter. \"Father?\" She gasped. The king looked confused. \"Snow?\" He whispered. To him, the woman in front of him looked just like Snow White. Just like his little girl. \"You're alive.\" She cried. But she remembered her sister and turned to Rose's lifeless body. The king looked in the same direction and gasped. \"Rose?\" He rushed over and knelt next to her, gently picking her up as if she were made of glass. Everyone gathered, nearly crying. Half-Pint rushed next to his beloved's side. He grasped her hand and held it to his tear stained cheek. \"I love you.\" He whipered before he kissed her soft palm. He held her hand to his cheek once more, only to freeze when he felt it squeeze his own. \"I love you, too, Half-Pint.\" Everyone heard her whisper. Rose slowly openned her eyes and smiled at Half-Pint. Everyone was happy to find the princess fine. She stood from her father's arms and wrapped her arms around her beloved. Half-Pint did the same and started crying as he held her close. As they seperated, Rose turned to find the king standing in front of her. \"Father!\" She hugged her father as tightly as she could. \"I can't believe you're alive.\" She whispered. Snow joined her sister in rejoice of their father's return. It seemed awkward for the king, but he soon realized that the two women hugging him were in fact his daughters. \"I don't understand. You're both all grown up.\" The two princesses pulled away as Snow said., \"You've been under the queen's spell.\" \"You were just children.\" The king muttered. He was still in shock as he tried to comprehend his child's words. \"We know. It's a long story.\" Rose said. After a few moments of looking at the young women, the king suddenly saw it and hugged both of his daughters. He then looked over their shoulders, he saw the eight men accompanying them. \"And who are these young men?\" He asked. The girls faced the men in question with smiles. \"A prince who risked his life to save our kingdom,\" Snow started. Alcott bowed to the king. \"And...his most valiant soldiers.\" Rose said. She walked forward and knelt next to one of the valiant soldiers in particular. \"That's very kind. Thank you.\" Alcott stated. \"But the princesses are more than capable of handling things on their own.\" Snow blushed at the compliment while Rose grinned. \"Nonetheless, for your bravery, we shall be forever in your debt. Tell me, how can I repay you?\" The king asked. Different answers were heard. \"Gold!\" Butcher exclaimed. \"A feast.\" Grub suggested. \"Ale?\" Wolf asked. The king chuckled at the requests. But Alcott spoke up. \"Highness, there is but one this I desire.\" Half-Pint griined as he looked at Rose. \"And, your highness, if it's not too much to ask, I have the same kind of request as the prince.\"[Chapter 15] \"Among the privileges afforded a king, there is none greater than the power to join two people together in matrimony.\" The king stated as he stood before the everyone in the ballroom. Standing with him at the altar were his daughters along with there bridegrooms. Snow White with Prince Alcott and Rose Red with Half-Pint. Snow and Alcott stood to the left of the king while Rose and Half-Pint stood to the right, next to the other dwarves, with Half-Pint standing on a stool that helped him reach his bride. Snow wore a beautiful blue wedding gown with an orange bow on the back. Rose wore a dress the exact same as her sister's, only it was red with a white bow. \"Prince Alcott, you found this kingdom caught in the clutches of greed and vanity...but you did not retreat. You entered the fight. We all owe you, and your brave compatriots...a great debt of gratitude.\" The king said. \"Snow White. Rose Red. My daughters, this kingdom was fortunate, for in my absence, you two never stopped believing in yourselves, and grew into the women I always knew you both would become. Despite impossible odds, you both faced the queen and defeated her, forever ridding this land of her wretched ways.\" Everyone clapped at the announcement. No one, save for one person hiding under a cloak, was silent. \"Therefore,\" The king continued. \"By the power vested in me by...well...by me,\" Everyone chuckled at the small joke. \"I now pronounce you husbands and wives.\" The king gave loving smiles to both princesses before finishing. \"You may kiss your brides.\" Rose immediately leaned forward and gently pressed her lips to Half-Pint's. She was finally happy. She found her knight in shining armor in the most unlikely place and now, she was married to him. Once they pulled apart, the couple turned to look at the other two. Alcott grinned before asking, \"Do I still have to say please?\" Snow grinned before pulling him in for a sweet kiss. Everyone cheered for the two new couples. \"I always cry at weddings.\" Bryton said to Margaret with tears in his eyes. \"Me, too.\" Margaret replied with a smile. Before she could say anything else, Bryton turned to her and asked, \"Are you single?\" The princesses hugged the king before turning to the guests. Two lines were formed so the guests could give their gifts to the princesses. After a few guests passed, Rose heard on guest in particular talking to Snow. \"It would warm my ancient heart if you could accept this modest gift on your wedding day.\" Turning to watch, Rose saw the hodded figure reveal a bright red apple to her sister. \"That's very kind of you.\" Snow replied. \"Just one bite...\" The figure said. As Snow was about to bite into the fruit, a chill ran up Rose's spine. \"...for good fortune.\" Once those three words were spoken, Snow froze. \"To the fairest of them all.\" She looked up and saw who the figure was underneath the hood. She closed her mouth and pulled the apple away. Reaching over to a stand, Snow cut a slice of the apple and held it out to the figure. \"Age before beauty. It's important to know when you've been beaten. Yes.\" The figure took the apple slice off of the dagger. Raising the slice to her lips, she was shocked to see the red head placed her hand onto her's. \"No.\" The princess said. \"What are you doing?\" The figure questioned. \"Something you've never done...I'm showing mercy.\" Turning to her sister, Rose said, \"Let her go. You're better than her.\" And with that, Rose took the apple slice from the cloaked woman and dropped it on the floor, stomping on it as if it were a plague spreading parasite. The woman lowered her head and walked away, never to be seen again. So it was their story, after all. Everyone cheered for the princesses, finally knowing they were free of the evil queen. As the merriness spread, the snow and ice outside was melting, revealing the beautiful warmth of the world. The princesses glanced at each other with knowing looks, giving each other happy grins. Everything was finally as it should be. Butcher became flyweight champ. Napoleon brought hair to new heights. Wolf returned to his pack. Grub ate lunch. Chuckles joined the royal circus. Grimm wrote a book of fairytales. Half-Pint and Rose are in love and expecting their first child. They plan to name her Beatrice. Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow & Rose: In love, love Snow: Love Rose: Love Snow & Rose: Love (Wolf howls) Snow: When you can't see the forest for the trees Rose: Flollow the colors of your dreams Snow: Just turn to friends Rose: Their help transcends Snow & Rose: To love Wolf: LOVE! Snow & Rose: Love Chuckles: LOVE! Snow: Love Butcher: LOVE! Rose: Love Grimm: LOVE! Snow & Rose: Love Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow & Rose: In love, love Snow: Love Rose: Love Snow & Rose: Love Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow & Rose: In love Crowd: LOVE! Snow & Rose: Love Crowd: LOVE! Snow: Love Crowd: LOVE! Rose: Love Crowd: LOVE! Snow & Rose: Love Snow: The winter's finally passing on Rose: The king is back, the queen is gone Snow: Come dance with me Rose: 'Cause now we're free Snow & Rose: To love Crowd: LOVE! Snow & Rose: Love Crowd: LOVE! Snow: Love Crowd: LOVE! Rose: Love Crowd: LOVE! Snow & Rose: Love Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow & Rose: In love, love Snow: Love Rose: Love Snow & Rose: Love Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow: I believe, I believe Rose: I believe, I believe Snow & Rose: In love Crowd: LOVE! Snow & Rose: Love Crowd: LOVE! Snow: Love Crowd: LOVE! Rose: Love Crowd: LOVE! Snow & Rose: Love Snow & Rose: Love, love, love welp, that's it. hope u like it. now I plan on starting a Lost Boys fic. at least, after i finish my wrestling fic. plz review. luv from Chica! ","Summary":" You know the story as old as time itself. Of the young girl. Lips red as a rose. Hair black as nigh"},{"Movie":"Sword in the Stone","Title":"Wish of a Princess","Author":"GreenWallsOfArt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6148388","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: A Miracle or a Curse That was all that it was, to several Londoners at least- a way to free the land from the tormenting threat of war. England was indeed a young country, with peasants selling their wares and the nobles riding their gilded carriages through the streets to grand parties in even grander, more elegant mansions. Knights would ride through the towns and hills on crusades that lasted for years at a time. But an unfortunate tragedy beheld the land some time soon. The old king, who was known to be a wise and good ruler, passed away, much to the dismay of all the country. Several processions were made throughout in honor of his death, but none of them matched the question that all of his diplomats asked the country. Who was the rightful heir to the throne? Although they were most certainly not royalty, lords and noblemen rode the gates and proclaimed to be the heir, showing their riches to be \"fit for a king\"! No one could match the king's great fortune, of course, and thus, the noblemen went up against the country's diplomats and demanded that they be made king, or they would leave for greater countries beyond England's power. Indeed, since the king's death, not much progress was made in the foreign market on the country's part, and so trading fell further than any Englishman could imagine, without the king's good guidance. Travelers came from all over to claim their place as king or queen, but no Englishman would allow for them to make such a move against the throne. Women even offered themselves to the crown, but a woman doing such a thing was highly unthinkable, so husbands went in their places to demand the crown. All broke loose when other countries decided to boldly attempt taking ownership of the helpless England. Of course, it was even more unimaginable to believe that England would become kin of another country, so Englishmen fought back at those trying to gain control of their land. At this point in time, it seemed that England would face its demise, by being torn apart by war. Unless, by some chance, a miracle could show its divine face and save them all. And then, in London, something happened that no Londoner had ever seen before. In a city square beneath the steeple of an enormous cathedral, in the midnight hour, a ray of light shown down from the heavens, coating the square and all nearby in its holy glory. In fright, several people raced to the outer perimeter of the square, but they all stopped suddenly when something different started to happen. For in the center of the square, was a large stone, on which was set a midnight-black anvil. And from the heavens, when there came a little shower of sparkly dust, a beautiful sword materialized before the eyes of almost everyone in London, set inside the anvil. It sparkled with a great heavenly glow, its golden hilt shining like a new penny. And the instant the miracle occurred, messengers were sent throughout the country to tell all to come and set their eyes on the marvelous sword. Soon enough, thousands upon thousands of men were lined up to pull the sword from the stone. They all had prepared for a show of great strength and power, but they were all disappointed in the end. Not a single man had been able to move the sword, not even budging it an inch. Throughout the millions of men that had touched and tugged on the sword, not one had moved it from its exact place the night the miracle happened. All through those years, England remained without a ruler, and not many more men came to try the sword. In fact, they stopped coming altogether, and many of those who tried it looked at the sword with scorn and disdain. Pulling that sword would fulfill a man's greatest dream, and the miracle was a failure. And so, the sword was left for another set of years without another try, and England without a king. More years passed, and a kind of disorder came around that no one expected after the miracle. Men lived in fear that an uprising would soon come, and that the country might slowly come to its end. A dark age, and all because of the message the sword had brought to England in gilded letters below its hilt: \"Whoso pulleth out this sword of this stone and anvil, is rightwise king, born of England.\" SEVERAL YEARS LATER... Another crying sound came from the bedroom down the hall. With a deep sigh, Myra Swann put down the dish she was washing and followed the sound. Tabitha had been doing that a lot these days. Maybe it was the shortage of milk in the cottage. The peasants who owned cows usually kept the milk to themselves, and Myra was frustrated by that. Simply because England had no king, that didn't mean they could hoard their goods for themselves. Everyone had to work together, especially to ensure a good future for little ones like baby Tabitha. But it wasn't as though Myra could go out and help the farmers and such peasants herself. Her father, Amos, was at work in the shop, and so she had to stay and take care of the house and Tabitha. At twelve years old, she knew how to do things that only men and young women knew. She could spin her own yarn and make clothes for the family, and even a little bit of metalworking. Myra was, in all aspects, a smart girl, but she wasn't under such circumstances to use her brains. From a young age, she had been forced to become the mother figure of the cottage, working day and night to ensure the roof she lived under, and especially her family, was kept orderly and safe. It was her duty; for the sake of her family. Over time, Myra had gradually built herself up for hard labor, but she still hadn't healed internally. Just over a year ago, right after Tabitha was born, Myra's mother had gotten very, very sick. She raged a terrible fever, and she couldn't leave her bed for days. And then, that winter, Myra was awakened to the horrible news that her mother was dead. Without her even knowing it, she was going to play mother to Tabitha and her home. It certainly didn't help that Amos worked all day and could not give time to console Myra on her newly acquired role. Amos was the sort of man who took life as a serious matter, and did not wish to waste time lamenting for something. He always told Myra that because she was alone, that was no excuse for tears and wishful thinking. She had to be strong. After all, she was living how she would live when she was grown up. Might as well get used to it, that's what he said. \"And give Tabitha something. That crying is giving me a headache I'll feel when I'm a hundred years old.\" He said that every night at supper. And quite frankly, Myra didn't like his tone of voice. He talked about Tabitha like she was some kind of dirty animal that had to be exterminated quickly. What trouble did she cause him when he was never around? On one of Amos's good days, Myra would have asked him why he thought of Tabitha that way. But on his bad days, Myra never dared open her mouth. Now, as Myra crossed to Tabitha's cradle, she frowned sympathetically as her ears registered the melancholy wail of her baby sister. The dark-haired child was tossing and turning in her thin blanket, causing her cradle to creak, sounding more like a screech. \"Shh, Tabitha,\" Myra said gently, picking her up. \"You cry anymore and the people across town will hear you. I think they might even be able to hear you…\" She looked down at the baby's squishy bottom, and on cue, Tabitha let loose something down there, and she suddenly began to giggle, turning to a squeaky laughter. Myra rolled her eyes and shook her head. \"Oh, Tab, what will I do with you?\" With a sly finger, Myra crept her finger up the child's stomach, and wiggled it against her skin. Tabitha laughed harder with the tickling and clapped her hands happily together. That was truthfully one of the happiest sights of Myra's life. Tabitha was annoying sometimes in the way she dropped waste into her clothes unexpectedly, but she was a sweet thing to have in these dark times. During the day, when there came the rare opportunity to play, she was a wonderful companion for hide-and-seek in the yard. The child's laughter was musical to Myra, and she hoped to never lose her; not to the disease that had killed their mother. \"Come on, Tab. Let's clean you up and prepare supper,\" Myra said, the way a mother would to her child. She then carried Tabitha into the kitchen to clean her clothes and fetch her outdoor shoes. Within fifteen minutes, Tabitha was sitting on the table with her blanket and clean clothes, and Myra heating water over the stove for supper. She planned to make Amos his favorite that evening, for she hoped to ease him into asking some questions that he would likely find pesky. Despite the good mood Tabitha had put her in, Myra was dreading the evening. Not just because she was worried about what Amos's reaction might be to her interview, but of her last chore after dark, when everyone was at home in bed. As well as everyone else, she knew that England had been without a king for years, and that the miracle had been no good; Amos told her the story so much that it oftentimes came back on its own to haunt her, like it did before Tabitha started crying. But in the words of her father, that was all in the past. This was a new time, and someone new could try for the miracle to happen. Myra always told Amos that she doubted his beliefs that the marvelous sword in the stone was still capable of crowning the next ruler of England. Nonetheless, he wouldn't give up in telling her what she would do, for her family's sake. Tonight, she would sneak out, and try, time and time again, to pull the sword from the stone. And she would keep on trying until she would pull it loose and release the miracle's intended power, making her queen of England. And if she didn't get it out tonight, Heaven help her.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Impossible Myra finally poured the broth into three separate bowls, set out with the works of the meal- bread, apples, and a cold jug of milk; all fresh. Myra wiped her forehead with the heat radiating from the stove, but she was proud of her work. Fresh bread and apples were hard to come by in their village, so she hoped against hope that Amos would appreciate that. With the interview she planned, she wanted her father to be as calm and happy as possible. While that wasn't exactly likely, when they were nearly destitute and could be stuck with no king for several more years to come, Myra tried to stay optimistic. To her, this position was precarious. Finally, she set the silverware on the table, and Tabitha in a high chair she and Amos built for her when she was born. The child cooed hungrily when she watched her sister cap the boiling pot of broth, and stand there with a proud smile. Myra was ready to please Amos when he came in. But she was also ready to argue if things didn't go as she planned. Perhaps when dinner was over, life would be different for them all; Myra was set to make it happen. For several moments, the only movement in the space was the sun setting on the snowy horizon. \"Hello, little girls, where's dinner?\" a voice suddenly said into the cottage. At the sound of her father's voice, Myra rushed to him, and gave him a hello hug. He only gave her a gentle tug back and then pushed her away. Setting his coat on the rack near the door, he glanced at the pot in the stove. \"What'd you cook tonight, Myra?\" he asked the wall. \"Your favorite, Papa. Gode broth,\" Myra answered proudly, \"with fresh bread to transform the broth as you please.\" Amos turned around and noticed the meal on the table. His lips stretched as he noticed the apples and Tabitha bouncing in her chair. \"You even added apples. Very nice, Myra.\" Immediately, he sat down and retrieved his spoon from the side of the bowl. With loud, ravenous slurps, he gobbled up the broth and gobbled down some bread and apples. The crunching was loud, but Myra was pleased enough. Myra sat down next to Tabitha, and helped her sister slurp up her broth before Myra started on hers. She was anxious too. Gode broth had lots of chicken and salt and elegant saffron- delicacies that peasants couldn't purchase too much in these times. And it was truly delicious. It tasted even better to see Amos inhaling it as he was. \"Did you have a good afternoon at the shop, Papa?\" Myra asked cheerfully. \"Did I have a good afternoon?\" Amos looked up from his broth. \"Did I have a good afternoon, Myra? Well you just tell me that yourself. Is there a royal knight asking for a sword from my shop? Are there warriors asking for shields? Other such peasants for tools-\" he stood up from his seat and looked down at Myra \"-when there is no king ?\" Myra froze in her seat. She hadn't planned her father to get upset about one little question. She hadn't even gotten started on her real questions yet. \"Please, Papa. I didn't mean-\" \"You didn't mean, what?\" Amos asked, glaring at her. \"Didn't mean to upset me when this business of working day after day to make more things that no one will buy is not working? Can't you see, girl? Are you blind? This country having no ruler is tearing me apart! And you are not helping!\" Myra stayed still in her seat, preparing to begin. \"I can see that,\" she said bravely. \"Now, look, Papa, about the sword-\" \"Yes, Myra, you know what you will do tonight. And you also know what will happen when we have that sword. You will be queen, and our family will have marvelous food and warm beds the rest of our lives!\" \"But-\" Amos stood over Myra, so tall that she began to cower in her seat. \"Don't oppose me, Myra. You know our money is low. No one is buying anything. Nothing . The country has gone on long enough without a ruler. Do you know how awfully I want for you to be queen?\" \"What?\" Myra challenged. \"That you will have all the riches in the world and won't have to worry about coming home to this ?\" She gestured around the cottage, at the peeling walls and decaying furniture. Amos didn't speak as he observed the space. He shook his head. \"Myra, child, winter is a hard time. If you don't pull yourself together soon, we will starve. Christmas is only two days away, and I feel horrible not being able to provide the festivities for my family. Don't you remember those holidays we used to have before your mother died? Don't you want to have those again before something even worse happens? Do you?\" \"Well, yes.\" \"Then, what are you doing waiting for someone else to pull the sword? No one will hand it to you! The miracle dictates otherwise. And I will not stand around for you to ruin our family for your own selfish reasons!\" Myra's breathing was speeding as her father's spit flew in her face. Clearly, this wasn't going to happen the easy way. She would have to resort to her argument, because just asking her father if she could stop going to the sword wasn't going to be near enough. \"You don't understand, Papa,\" Myra said. \"Did you hear about the other men that tried to become king because of the sword? No one- no one - has moved the sword a bit. It's completely stuck inside the anvil. And if big, grown men can't even move the sword, how can I? I'm strong, but all I can do is lift heavy buckets of water, and stir thick broth for hours just for you. I can't move a sword that strong knights have tried for days to pull. It's impossible !\" Amos's eyes went wide and his face turned crimson. \"Don't you dare make excuses to me, little wench!\" he roared, making Tabitha start to whimper. \"That sword will be moved. Those men just wanted to show off. You have a good reason for pulling the sword, and you will do it. No matter what it takes, Myra, you will be the one to pull it from the stone. I will see to it.\" His eyes wandered to the tools in the corner, where Myra noticed the cottage axe lying on its side. The blade gleamed in the window's snowy glare. She gasped, and almost fell back in her chair. The crescendo in her voice scared Tabitha so that she finally started crying. Quickly, Myra straightened herself and picked up the baby from her chair. Bumping her up and down in her arm, Myra tried her best to calm her sister, but Amos only made it worse by pointing his finger jarringly hard in her chest. \"See? You only made the baby cry!\" he accused, flecking spit in her face again. \"Make that thing stop right now!\" \"'That thing'?\" Myra asked, appalled. \"Is that what she is to you? A thing ? Papa, she's my sister. And your baby daughter. I can't believe I'm listening to you say this!\" Then, something in Myra began to flare, like a fuse on a firecracker. And finally, looking back and forth between her sweet sister and her greedy father, that fuse seemed to get bigger, and bigger, ready to explode. She took a deep breath through her nose, and stepped closer to Amos. \"Papa, do you see that broth over there? I worked all afternoon to make you that! I work all day to make you happy, and you never thank me for it. Doesn't it make you happy that I'm at least here to make sure you don't die too, like Mama?\" Amos gasped, and grabbed Myra's face in his meaty, callused hands. He looked her right in the eyes, with an intensity that frightened her beyond belief. \"Don't speak about her when I'm here, you hear me? And I believe that broth will be so much better when servants are cooking it for me! I think you want that as much as I do.\" Myra pulled away. \"I knew it! You don't care about me and Tabitha. All you want is to have your precious sword and all the gold that the castle can have. You and I both work hard so that we can live! That should be enough for you, because it's enough for me. We don't need the sword to be happy, and what do I keep telling you? The sword will…not…MOVE! No one can move it! AT ALL!\" \" MYRA !\" Immediately, Myra stepped down, and was quiet. \"If you ever make an excuse again, you have better shut up, before I slap you silly!\" His voice was low and deliberately slow, his eyes turning to look at the axe. Myra shook her head, trying to hide her fear. She didn't want to believe that her own father would use an axe on her. He was blinded, she realized. He was blinded by his desires to attain the sword, and he would do anything to get it. What happened to the father that she knew before disease took her mother? Who used to play with her all evening when he returned home from work, and gave her hugs and kisses before bedtime? Where was he now when she needed him? When Tabitha needed him? \"Now, clean up dinner, and go to bed,\" Amos growled, leaving for the bedroom opposite Myra and Tabitha's room. When the door slammed, Myra felt the heavy tension resting on her chest. She had tried to argue with him, make him see her point of view on pulling the sword. She even had the nerve to bring up her dead mother, and not even that had managed to shift his opinion. If that didn't, what would? Myra sighed, cleaned up the broth bowls, put out the stove, and picked up Tabitha again to leave for their room. The baby was surprisingly quiet, and Myra was glad for that. The very, very last thing she needed was for Tabitha to have a crying fit, especially when she was feeling a needle's width away from crying herself. Besides, she would need her sleep for when she got up in an hour or two to perform her impossible chore. The worst impossible punishment , it seemed. That night... Myra crept through the streets that she now knew by heart, ever since she used them to find the sword; the broken down house there, the cobbler's shop there, and even the snow-drifted inn on the corner. Myra didn't make much note of all that this time, mostly because the icy winter wind was blowing her dark brown hair in her face, and she was eager to reach the sword and get this over with. She didn't dare look at the Christmas decorations adorning the houses; they held too many memories that she knew she would never have again. Not with her father, not with Tabitha, not anyone. Finally, she came to the bent-up fence surrounding the churchyard where the sword stood, like a melancholy statue that no one gave much mind to. She slowly jumped the fence and stepped up to the anvil. Like always, she rolled her sleeves away from her hands, and reached for the handle. She knew that maybe she should feel glorified holding the marvelous sword's handle, but to her, it was like holding the rusty handle of a worthless knife someone had given her; she was stuck with something that was once so adored by others forever. Why am I even here, she asked herself. Why should I be here when I know that I'll never pull this sword from the stone? This is meant for greater people. Not me. But still, Myra knew she had to do it. Her family- her father- was counting on her. Remember Christmas , Amos's voice rang in her head like a church bell. No, she would not give up on it. She would do it for Tabitha, who deserved this. Not for her father; never for her father. So, with the greatest strength she could muster, she gripped the handle, and pulled as hard as she could. Not even a smidge of movement from the blade! Again, she pulled. Still, no movement. As with every night, Myra pulled and pulled, trying every which way to pry out the sword, anything to make it move. And like every night, Myra walked away from the sword, giving it one last look of anger and dislike, saying the four words that made her shed a bitter tear. \"I can't do it.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Ordained by Heaven For the days that passed after that night, Myra felt miserable. After Christmas, she found it much more bearable to walk in the streets now that the decorations were being taken down. Not that she was around in the streets that much, but she was happy to see things going back to normal in town. She felt like she was resigning her life to pleasing her father, and that she would never walk in the happiness of childish ordeals like Christmas again. On the other hand, there was a new kind of excitement in the air, and it carried throughout all of London, and into the surrounding cities. On New Year's Day, there was going to be a tournament, where the best knights in the country would battle and joust to win the ultimate title: king of all England. Myra frowned at such an idea. All this time, they let England rot when they could have done this right when they realized that the miracle wouldn't work. It made her enraged, on top of what she felt about her father lately. It didn't even lift her spirits that everyone would be off work for the tournament. That meant that after that day, the miracle would never come up, Myra would never be queen, and her family would be done for. Images of the axe were all that rolled through her mind, and actually, it was quite tempting for Myra to not come back to the cottage. Only when she thought of little Tabitha did she turn around for home. Throughout the days leading up to the tournament, Amos talked about nothing but the sword, and Myra's incompetence in completing her task- her sole task when he asked so little of her, he said. Myra felt like screaming and breaking something she was that angry at him, but she knew better. If she so much as cracked something, she could be slapped. Each day was Amos rising to a new level of anger, and Myra was beginning to contemplate escape more each time she saw him grimace at the people heading to London's center. They were gathering for the tournament, and all in the cottage could feel the excitement growing. But it left a negative atmosphere all throughout. Finally, early on the day of the tournament, Amos sent Myra out for one last try at the sword. He sent her out with a shove, warning her of the future if she didn't succeed this time. The very thought made her knees weak and her palms sweat. And quite honestly, Myra felt the substantial urge to run if she didn't do it. She couldn't face her father without the sword in her hands, and not even she could fathom such a thought. So, to keep her mind off these troubling thoughts, she just walked around, avoiding any eye contact and any urge to walk towards the churchyard. She only wanted to be alone in the last hours of peaceful quiet before her life might be over. And so, Myra walked the streets so much that she must have passed the same places at least five or six times, and she was still willing to do so again; anything to keep her from walking to the sword soon. Unfortunately, she was so bent on forgetting the sword that she accidentally bumped into a tall knight walking past her. He stumbled a foot or so in front of Myra, and he turned to glare at her. \"Hey, watch it, will ya?\" he said, his face scrunched tightly into a frown. His wiry red hair framed his face, and with that frown, he wasn't too attractive. Myra would have winced at that horse-shaped face, but she only put on a sorry face, and mumbled her apologies. The stout man beside the knight patted him on the back and said, \"Come on, Kay. We're going to be late! Hop it, Wart, you heard me!\" He had turned and was speaking to a boy walking on the other side of the knight. The boy was half the knight's height, dressed in a baggy red robe, which barely exposed his stick-like legs. His head was topped with messy blonde hair, and it moved gently with the winter breeze. He looked like he might fall over with the equipment he was carrying, stumbling about every few steps. \"He looks a little small to be a squire to a brute like that knight,\" Myra said to herself, and she felt just a mite sorry for the boy. He looked a little unsure, like he was nervous of what would happen to him if he made a wrong move. Perhaps like I've felt the past year, Myra added mentally, before she watched the trio get lost in the crowd of tournament-goers. Myra let herself get lost in the crowd, somehow enjoying the feeling of being surrounded by so many excited people. Part of her even began to wish she could go to the tournament, but she quickly fixed that. She was far more interested in being alone with her thoughts than watching someone accomplish her mission ahead of her. The thought still left crushing weights on her chests, and they drove her out of the crowd as she heard the starting announcement: \"For the crown of all England, let the tournament begin!\" followed by the sounds of whinnying horses and cheering spectators. When the last few people had gone, Myra walked around a side street before she found herself walking towards the churchyard. Now that people were gone, why not begin trying while everyone was gone? No one would dare set their good sight on a girl trying to pull the sword; the thought alone was ludicrous enough to maybe send people into fits of laughter. The sword's message did specifically say king, but since when did Amos care about that? He wanted the riches and money more than the glory of being king, it seemed. Well, there it was. The sword, wedged as deep into the anvil as it ever was. Myra had never seen the sword in broad daylight before, and truly it was beautiful, glowing in the glare of the snow. It almost seemed like it really was a heaven-sent savior to England, and Myra momentarily forgot her disdain for the sword. Myra jumped over the fence, and once again, wrapped her fingers around the handle. With another push of strength, she pulled and tugged, but not a bit of movement. Not that she was at all surprised, but her arms started to pump hard up and down to try and just get that sword out. This was her last chance, so perhaps she should put more effort into it than she ever did. I won't remember Christmas, Myra thought, I'll remember Tabitha. With that thought, she grasped the handle like it held her life, and she tugged so hard that she thought her arms would come out first. They hurt by now, of course, but nothing seemed to stop Myra from letting go. \"Let me in! Let me in!\" she suddenly heard a voice cry out. Gasping, Myra turned her head and spotted the same blonde-haired boy from the street at the inn door. He was tugging at the door handle, and knocking hard, but no one came. \"Somebody, please! Please, let me in!\" Instead of answering him, Myra jumped from the churchyard, and hid behind a building at the corner of the street. She peeked out behind it, and waited for the boy to leave so she could continue her task. But for several seconds, all she heard was the boy's voice, like he was talking with someone. But she was even more surprised to watch the boy run to jump the fence of the churchyard, followed by a little brown owl. What could he be doing trying to pull the sword? Myra thought. He can't even carry a knight's helmet down the street without stumbling. Myra's shock was so immense that she felt like laughing, but she kept her mouth shut so as not to interrupt on this strange scene. The boy rolled his sleeves back from his hands and jumped onto the anvil to grab at the sword. But the moment that he touched the sword, the churchyard was suddenly bathed in light from above, making the snow glow all around the sword and the boy angelically. Both Myra and the boy had the same reaction- they glanced upward and then jumped backwards in surprise into the snow. And when the boy took his hands off the handle, the light gradually faded away to nothing. He just stood and stared at the sword before he slowly put his fingertips on the handle. Even then, with so small a touch, the light returned to transform the churchyard into an angelic haven. Myra could only stand still, watching in wonder as the boy took his hands away one last time, and then, with a determined shake of his head, leapt onto the anvil and practically hugged his arms to the sword. There was a musical shing! in the air as the boy stumbled away from the stone, which was now empty. Myra blinked twice when she saw the anvil. The holy light was still fading away, but that was not what she was in awe of. The boy had disappeared, and the anvil was bare. That…no, she thought. It couldn't be… The boy- the raggedy beanpole of a squire- had pulled the sword from the stone! The miracle had worked after all! To Myra, time suddenly slowed. For minutes, or hours, she didn't know how long, but all she could do was stare at the bare anvil. Slowly, her legs gave way, and she gasped when she bumped against the snowy ground. The cold didn't startle her, because she could feel her stomach churning and her limbs start to shake. She couldn't even feel herself anymore in her disbelief of what she had witnessed, and her emotions became a roaring vortex inside her. Awe in seeing the light spotlighting the miracle's final stage, happiness in the fact that the miracle really wasn't a dud after all, and then a little bit of jealousy and confusion. How could have grown men spent hours trying to get the sword out- how could she have spent a year's worth of nights pulling until her arms could've fallen out- when this boy, no bigger than her, accomplished it after only a few tries? This kind of thing just didn't happen. It…it couldn't! Myra's thoughts were interrupted when she heard shouts and loud footfalls coming from the direction the boy had left. She stood back up abruptly but kept her eyes visible and on the crowd coming. It was all a bunch of men waving their flags and their hats up in the air, led by the stout, fat man from earlier and the tall brutish knight that had bumped Myra. She gasped when she noticed that the fat man was holding the boy by his scarf as they walked, almost by his scrawny neck. Myra was too shocked by that to wonder what was happening, although she did see that the crowd was heading for the churchyard. The crowd dispersed around the fence, while the big man, the horse-faced knight and the boy jumped the fence to the stone. Myra stood on her tip-toes to see the action behind the fence, but she couldn't see over the heads of the tall tournament-goers. Breathing deeply, she dashed into the crowd and pushed through to the fence despite the groans and shouts for her to get lost. From her newly acquired view, Myra gasped unexpectedly when she saw the sword, back inside the anvil. The boy was walking up to it, everyone's eyes on him. Hesitating a second, he then rolled up one sleeve and reached for the sword. But the brutish knight had caught up to him, and grabbed the boy by the arm, pulling him back. \"Now, wait a minute!\" he said, \"anyone can pull it once it's been pulled.\" But when he pulled on the handle, the sword didn't move. Even with both hands- all strength used- on the handle, there was still nothing; no light, no miracle. After that, it went into chaos as men gathered around the sword, trying to help pull it out. Not even their combined strengths could pull it, even with the rest of the crowd shouting at them. Myra covered her ears, trying not to scream with the noise, and her growing impatience with this crowd. Finally, a gray-haired man and a knight with a black mustache stepped into the churchyard, waving their hands in the air for attention. \"I say we let the boy try it,\" the old man said firmly. \"That's what I say,\" said the black-mustached knight. \"Give the boy a chance.\" The boy looked around at his supporters uncertainly, but in looking back at the waiting crowd, his face scrunched in determination, and he stepped back up to the stone. Myra held her breath in anticipation of the heavenly light, not a muscle moving from her; much less from everyone else around the churchyard. The boy touched the sword. This time, tiny sparkling balls, like fireflies, floated around the churchyard as the light touched down. And finally, with a lurch of his whole body, the boy pulled the sword from the stone, as everything around the churchyard turned a golden color, coated by the sparkling balls and magical warmth. \"It's a miracle,\" Myra heard someone say. \"Ordained by heaven, this boy is our king!\" \"What's the lad's name?\" another asked the stout man. \"Wart,\" he answered. \"No, uh, I mean, Arthur.\" Arthur, Myra thought. That's not a bad name…for a king, now at least. \"Hail King Arthur!\" the crowd began to shout. \"Hail King Arthur! Long live the king!\" Myra should've been swept away by the excitement. After all, a new era was beginning because England finally had a king; a king her age but a king nonetheless. And with that new king, there would never be a chance for Myra's family to gain riches; or more like her father to gain that. With her thoughts driving her into sadness, Myra left the crowd. She was feeling that same vortex of emotions from earlier, especially confusion. The sword had been pulled, and exactly how could she relay that news to her father? He would surely kill her if she came home without his prize. And what would happen to Tabitha? Oh, my goodness, Tabitha, she realized. News like this would trigger more than death, they would trigger neglect and hunger in the house. And surely by such means, Tabitha wouldn't live either. Myra collapsed against the building next to her when she realized this. This situation was worse than she thought. But, really, what should she do? Should she go back and risk her life, or wait until late at night to go back home for Tabitha? Myra was afraid to think of it, but for a moment, she considered the notion of getting Tabitha, and then never returning home. It would be hard, but Myra knew it was probably the best thing to do. If this was the old days and her mother was still alive, Myra would've considered going back and asking for forgiveness. But she was older; she understood better. To Amos, not retrieving the sword was something worthy of death- a merciless death. Already, Myra pictured the axe in the corner, seeming to prepare for her to touch its blade; first her, then possibly Tabitha. The thought made her stomach twist. That was it. Myra planned to wait back in the churchyard once everyone had gone, and then return home for Tabitha. No matter where they would go, she knew that anywhere was better than London, where these memories would more easily haunt her forever.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Into the Night It felt strange, and yet so homey, to Myra to sleep next to the stone. She lay on her back in the dead grass, looking at the sky, which had cleared since that afternoon. Instinctively, Myra reached her sleepy hand to the top of the anvil, which seemed smoother without the sword. She felt both excited and anxious at the same time when she felt it, glad that her task was over, and that there was now a king. But she was scared of getting Tabitha when she returned home. Tabitha wasn't a heavy sleeper, but she could cry pretty loud if she sensed danger. With that thought, Myra hoisted herself up from the ground, and made her way home. The streets were quiet, illuminated only by the silver moon overhead. Finally, Myra came to the front door of the cottage, which she slowly eased open to minimizing creaking, which often happened. She felt her way along the wall to the stash of candles she kept in a basket next to the stove, but she decided quickly that it would be better to get to Tabitha and escape as fast as they could without any hassle. Her heart pounding, Myra slowly felt her way, making such careful movements she was practically walking on eggshells. It took her several moments to find the door, but she pushed it open slowly enough that not even a mouse would scurry from it. She took Tabitha's cloak from on top of the cradle, and tucking it under her arm, she prepared to wake Tabitha. Wiggling her fingers against her sister's stomach, Myra held her breath as Tabitha wriggled under her blanket. Her eyes suddenly opened, and then she was still. \"Hello, Tab. It's me,\" Myra said, squatting down so that Tabitha could see her face closer. \"You ready for a little adventure?\" Tabitha cooed, if a little loudly. \"Shh,\" Myra said gently. \"Come on, let's get you into your cloak, and then we'll get some food. You want something?\" Tabitha laughed as Myra slipped her into her cloak, picking her up in her arms. Carrying her into the kitchen, she then placed Tabitha on the floor as she scurried around. Taking a large tablecloth, Myra filled it with rations of bread, apples, and vegetables, tying the cloth closed. She stuffed the tablecloth into a basket, alongside a jug half-full of water, and taking a second basket, placed Tabitha's blanket and pillow inside it. Myra crossed to the table for Tabitha, who was beginning to whimper a little. \"It's all right, Tab,\" Myra whispered. \"We'll be out of here soon. Don't be afraid.\" Tabitha began to babble in her sweet baby voice, wriggling her limbs violently. \"What is it?\" Myra asked, nervous. Tabitha repeated herself, only louder. Reacting quickly, Myra grabbed the jug of milk from nearby, and poured some in a bowl, trying to calm her sister. But as Myra placed the bowl in front of Tabitha, she whacked it away from her with her tiny hand, starting to cry. \"Come on, Tabitha, not now!\" Myra said through gritted teeth. Quickly, she thrust Tabitha into her basket, and grabbing their food, walked fast to the door. Now, the room suddenly seemed darker and more sinister, like it was gradually closing in on them. Myra's breathing sped up, and even as she shakily tried to push the door open, she couldn't find the strength to calm herself. Maybe this was a stupid idea after all, what with Tabitha getting upset and the baskets starting to feel heavier with each step she took. But as the door slowly closed behind her, Myra began to feel an overwhelming sense of accomplishment. She was nearly there; she just had to step off the property and they'd be halfway there. A sudden cry pierced the air, and Myra yelped when she recognized Tabitha's cry. Closing her eyes in frustration, she put down the baskets and picked up Tabitha from her basket. Bumping her up and down in her arms, Myra's face began to feel hot, beads of sweat starting to form on her temples and hairline. Her hand on Tabitha's bottom suddenly felt something hot and slimy drop, and Myra bit her tongue to suppress a yell of aggravation as Tabitha continued to cry. \"Not, now, Tabitha!\" Myra grunted, shoving her sister back in the basket. \"We have to get away from here, right now!\" \"Myra! Tabitha!\" The voice sent Myra's heart up into her throat, and she struggled to hoist herself and the heavy baskets off the ground. The heavy footsteps in the cottage made her stomach twist painfully enough that Myra was scared to move, although her mind was screaming at her to run! Just when she was standing again, Myra just felt the graze of rough hands grabbing her ankle. She ran with all her might, feeling the heaviness of her steps in her legs, and the ominous thunder of footfalls behind her. \"Come back here, thief!\" Her father's voice only drove her faster through the snow, and Myra's heart burned like fire through her chest. She wasn't going back to him, when he could hurt her and Tabitha. Anywhere was better than the prison that he had transformed their home into. \"Myra! Give me the sword!\" he shouted, and above his words, Myra heard the terrifying shing! of a blade in the air. The axe, she knew, and Myra felt her legs burning under the pressure to escape the demonic weapon. The darkness around her seemed to shift, and she could see, ahead of her, the candle-lanterns of something moving. That was it! Pushing her jelly-like legs faster, Myra raced for the light at the end of the street. And all the while, she was brewing something in her mind. She smiled before she turned onto another street in sight of the light, and stayed there. When her father turned the corner, Myra made a loud yelping sound, and he swung the axe her way, Myra ducking out of the deadly path. The axe took a second to dislodge from the windowsill Amos struck, but Myra was already down another part of the street. She stayed where she was, in front of the thick wooden door of another house. As her father caught up to her, she took the water jug, and spilled it on the cobblestones. \"Don't move!\" Amos shouted before he swung the axe, loud and quickly, through the air. Myra threw herself out of the way, pushing Amos to the ground with a swing of her basket. Running, she heard him slipping on the stones, struggling to retain his balance. Myra grinned in satisfaction as she turned onto the street she had seen the lights go. When she caught up to the light, she saw that it was a carrier's wagon, with stones and wood inside, lanterns lighting up the front. Hopping on board, Myra thrust the baskets in a corner, and readjusted her cloak. Myra felt now that she could finally breathe, rest a little. She had done it! Escape might not have been easy, but she and Tabitha were both free, nothing ahead of them but the open land of England and opportunities beyond imagination. Already, Myra could feel the freedom seeping into her, cleansing her and sending fresh air through her. She couldn't feel it for too long, because sleep overtook her, and it became hard to think of something else, even the near un-foretold future. Something violently hard woke Myra from sleep, and with dreary eyes, she could barely register the tall silhouette of a great estate against a royal blue sky before her. The wagon wasn't moving anymore, so she only began to wonder where she was. It was still dark, so she didn't have the slightest idea. How long have I been asleep? Myra wondered. Looking around her, she searched for some sign of the time. She expected to see villagers stirring on the streets, perhaps a milkmaid carrying her buckets of milk or a man walking a donkey or horse into town. But in fact, there was no one around; the carts and doors of the houses were closed and still. And when Myra looked back at the sky, she noticed that it had gotten darker, to a navy color, with stars starting to peek through the darkness. Myra leaned against the wagon's side. How could she have slept the last quarter of the evening and then the entire day? Did her little adventure really tire her that much? Perhaps it was lack of food or drink in her stomach that day; her father did send her out without breakfast when she remembered it. Yawning deeply, Myra rose from her position, and prepared to move on with Tabitha. She reached next to her, groping around for the handle of both her baskets. But, there was nothing there. Her heartbeat flaring up like fire, Myra groped around faster, finally glancing beside her. \"Come on, Tabitha, you couldn't have wandered off!\" she mumbled in frustration. But only when she looked around at the entire wagon, did she finally start to shake. Her food basket was gone, and so was Tabitha's. Myra jumped up and started digging through the wood and stones in the wagon, struggling to pull the piles apart in search of her sister. She searched over and over, somehow hoping that Tabitha would be there. Her heartbeat was hammering so hard that her chest hurt, feeling the throbbing in her head. Blood rushed into her head, and Myra lay back on the wagon with a hard thump. \"What will I do?\" Myra asked miserably. \"Tabitha can't have gone very far. She's too little. Unless…someone…\" Myra sat bolt upright when she considered a dangerous notion. Could someone have stolen her sister while she was sleeping? Perhaps the carrier who owned the wagon came back and took her. No, because if he had, he probably would have woken Myra too. That was all Myra could think of, and she didn't want to further consider Tabitha having been stolen away. She was so little; she couldn't survive on her own, not with her stomach and waste problems. But what was there to do now? In Myra's wondering, she had turned her head to look up at the estate in front of her. In the darkness, she still couldn't tell what kind of place it was, illuminated only by the lanterns beside the large front doors. One thing was for sure, it was extremely large and grand, much in the scale of a castle. Curious, Myra hopped down from the wagon, and walked towards the place, following the lanterns. She felt like she was getting smaller as she walked, almost fearful of how massive this place was. By the time she reached the front doors, she was very hesitant to enter, but something inside Myra told her maybe this would be a good way to get help. Who knew what sort of person lived in this place. Myra glanced back at the wrought iron fence surrounding the courtyard. There were no guards standing on either side of the gate, which surprised her. If this was such a grand estate, shouldn't there at least be one lonely guard or a dog, something that would secure the place? Shaking her head, Myra turned back to the lion's head knockers on the doors, gasping shortly in surprise before she finally took hold of the door handles. Clenching her teeth, Myra grunted, pulling on the large doors, which creaked loudly. A long sliver of golden light cut through the darkness, the doors' creaking echoing through the place. Myra stepped back after hearing the echo, but her feet took her forward, turning around then to close the door. Guided by the candelabras that illuminated the corners of the great lobby, Myra stepped to the middle of the room, observing the grand scale of things all around her. The floor was made of yellow and orange tiles, marked in all sorts of abstract shapes, broken here and there by thick stone pillars. From the ceiling, several flags in every color imaginable hung, wavering in the breeze from outside, displaying elaborate coats of arms and patterns that not even Myra could have imagined. From some corners, curtains hung, moving gracefully in the brief gust of air the door made when it closed. The black candelabras glowed soothingly, and they were the first things that Myra approached, running her fingers over the smooth wrought iron they were made of. And suddenly, a great sense of adventure came over Myra. The place seemed empty, and there were so many places to find and explore. No one seemed to be around in any case, and who knew if Tabitha was in any of the hundreds of rooms this place could have. Turning from the candelabra she stood at, Myra looked at her options. Hallways and staircases turned off from the lobby, and there was no telling where they would lead to. Finally, she chose the largest hallway, from which a long, lavender carpet led. The carpet was of the finest quality Myra ever felt, and she could have slept on it if she were sleepy enough. But her curiosity of finding where the lavender carpet ended drove her forward. She was far along enough that there was no sense in stopping. Myra also might have wondered why there were no guards in so grand a place again, but her wonder had overtaken her by storm. After living in a downtrodden cottage all her life, she felt like she had fallen into a whole other world, far, far away from London. Her thoughts were only heightened when she came into the largest room she had ever seen, into which the lavender carpeted went in a straight line, ending at a large and mighty-looking chair. But, it wasn't really a chair at all; it was adorned with blue and yellow curtains, carved of the finest, darkest wood, and crowned with a structure carved into the shape of a king's crown. Her breath caught in her throat, Myra walked up the carpet, keeping her eyes on the throne. She couldn't believe it; this was no ordinary lord's estate, it was a castle. The castle, where the king lived! Myra then noticed something propped against the throne. It had a beautiful golden handle, and had a long sharp body. It wasn't silver, but something in Myra wondered if that was perhaps the sword… But, Myra must have wandered off a little, because she knocked her foot into a candelabra next to her. She stumbled violently, her hand flying through the air to the middle of the object. The candelabra suddenly met her palm with a smack, and it went tumbling to the ground with a loud crash! Her blood suddenly running cold, Myra gasped almost as loudly as the crash, and grabbed the candelabra to pull it upright again. But it was heavier than her frightened mind expected, and while her heart raced fast and heavy, she struggled to bring it back up, meanwhile chastising herself for acting so clumsy. She was a peasant who had broken and entered a castle, a crime worthy of a hanging! She had to find Tabitha, but she was fooling around in a castle! How could she have been so stupid to do this? \"Who's that?\" a voice asked into the darkness from the entrance. Myra whirled around, throwing her hands in the air in fright with a loud scream. She threw herself out of sight, and behind one of the giant pillars, keeping so still she was like a fleshy statue. From her position, she could hear footsteps coming towards her, and she shut her eyes and cringed. \"Don't come over here, don't come over here,\" she chanted in whispers. \"Hello?\" the same voice called, somewhat timidly. \"Who's there?\" With that question, it suddenly occurred to Myra who the speaker was. Slowly, she turned so that her head was facing the source of the voice, but she instantly came face-to-face with a surprised face framed by a mop of blonde hair. Just as quickly, Myra whipped herself back around, and put her hand to her mouth. \"It's the king!\"[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: The Secret of the Sword \"Hey, come on,\" the king said. \"It's all right. I'm not going to do anything to you.\" Myra still didn't move, but her lips moved to a tiny, tense whisper. \"Forgive me, Your Highness, I was just…just looking for my sister. If…If I'd known I was trespassing on your castle , sire, I wouldn't have come in.\" \"You're only a little girl, aren't you?\" the king asked. \"I don't think you would've known what this place was.\" \"No, sire, I didn't.\" Slowly once again, Myra leaned her head around the pillar to catch a glimpse of the king. He didn't look angry or surprised or anything menacing; just plain curious, and a little imploring. He didn't intend any harm, and he showed it truthfully. \"And, actually, Your Highness, I'm not exactly a little girl. I'm twelve years old, thirteen this coming May.\" She spoke with a chuckle on her tongue, and her confidence started to climb. For a moment, she felt almost enticed to come out of hiding, although her feet still felt like anvils with the last of her fear. \"So…will you come out, then?\" the king asked. Myra nodded her head, and carefully regained her footing before stepping out from behind the pillar. She still felt awed being in the presence of the king, taking her time to curtsy politely. The king looked at her confused before he softly yelped, and bowed in reply. \"Who are you?\" the king asked. \"I'm called Myra Swann, Highness,\" Myra answered. \"My name's Arthur,\" he replied. \"It's really a…great, great honor to be meeting you,\" Myra said, keeping her head bowed low. She was told many times that was what you did when conversing with royalty. \"Really, it's all right if you call me Arthur,\" he said, holding up a hand to stop Myra's formalities. Myra looked up in shock. She wondered why the king was being so informal. Her father had told her so much about what royalty expected of their subjects, and that was the only thing running through her mind. Only when she really took a good look at Arthur, did she remember that she was talking to a boy her age, who had been thrust into being king without an upbringing. He didn't even look right wearing royal pajamas. \"Well, then, do you mind me pretending that you just aren't king?\" Myra asked, unsure. \"Oh, yes,\" Arthur answered. \"I mean, I don't feel like a king. And you, you're just a girl looking for your sister.\" Myra jumped. \"Oh no, Tabitha! She's…she's so little! I can't…\" She stomped her foot and collapsed on the floor near the pillar. First, losing her sister and then, meeting the king; she couldn't take it. What was next? Coming face-to-face with a wizard? But at the moment, a thought like that was annoying. Tabitha was her first priority, and would always be. \"What does your sister look like?\" Arthur wanted to know. \"How old is she?\" \"She has dark hair, like me, and is about, um, this tall,\" Myra answered, making her hand hover in the air about a foot and a half from the ground, \"and she's a little over a year old\". \"Oh, she's a baby ,\" Arthur said, his eyes widening. \"Well, I…I don't think…I don't think a baby could've gotten in here by herself. Not unless…\" His voice trailed off, and he slowly turned around from Myra. \"Not unless what?\" Myra asked. \"Oh, nothing,\" Arthur said. \"It's impossible.\" Myra shook her head. This wasn't helping. She didn't know what on earth had happened to Tabitha, and she had to find out soon, otherwise they were both doomed! What if her father had found them and stolen her away? What if some villager had taken her? The very thought made Myra want to tear her hair out, and then some. But she knew one thing; it wasn't likely she could count on Arthur to help her. He wouldn't tell her what was so impossible, and as far as she knew, he didn't have a royal guard who would go out on a search for a baby girl. She didn't know him, and he didn't know her; what would he be willing to do for a lowly peasant that he didn't know? \"Please, if you would excuse me,\" she said, standing up. \"You shouldn't worry yourself about some little baby. I can find her myself.\" Even as Myra said that, she knew it wasn't entirely true. London was a big city, and Tabitha could be anywhere; maybe too big a city for a twelve-year-old to search by herself. Still, Myra turned, readjusted her cloak and walked down the lavender carpet back to the lobby, preparing herself for her task. Arthur looked after Myra as she walked out of the throne room. Something about her was lingering with him. She was looking for her sister, and he was just looking for direction in his new position as king. She seemed to be just as frightened and lost as he was, and it didn't feel right to let her go. Myra was searching for a baby too. Heaven only knew what kinds of trouble such a small girl could cause. Arthur looked at his feet, feeling how small he felt inside the throne room, which, alone, could have housed his foster father, Sir Ector's castle. He didn't feel like king, but that's what he was. He had the power to do much more than he did when he was a lowly page to Sir Ector. The highest power in all England was his, and it felt more like a long list of chores to do in a castle kitchen rather than an honorable duty. But now…now it seemed that that list seemed more worthwhile. He was king. One of his subjects needed him. He couldn't be a child and go hide. \"Wait!\" his voice called out. From her place near the door, Myra stopped. Arthur's voice had called her. Turning around, she ran back to the throne room, skidding to a stop in front of him. \"You called?\" she clarified, curtsying speedily. \"Look, I see you want to do this on your own, but I think that…that I should help you. I can send some guards out to scout out Tabitha, if you want.\" Myra's eyes lit up. \"You'd do that?\" she asked. \"Oh, why, thank you so much, but, it truly surprises me you would do that for a peasant like me.\" \"As long as you live in England, it's what I should do,\" Arthur answered, confidence creeping into his voice. Myra smiled, and opened her mouth to speak, but no words could come to her. Words couldn't describe her heartfelt thanks to Arthur for his willingness to help her. Her happiness was great enough that she wanted to hug the king, but she restrained herself from doing so; she felt she had suffered enough embarrassment tonight. Suddenly, a great banging came from down the hall. Arthur and Myra gasped simultaneously, and instantly, Myra went still, like she had been seized by a blanket of ice. An image formed in her mind, of the front doors waving back and forth as hands banged feverishly on the wood. Light came and went as the doors moved, and Myra was somehow filled with a great fright that chilled her blood. She shut her eyes and screamed out in her mind to banish the image, but it didn't leave her. The doors banged, and the light wavered as if from another miracle occurring right outside. But something about that light told Myra that it was nothing to hail or celebrate. And that feeling banged at her so that she actually did cry out, the image seeming to grind itself into her memory. Then, like smoke in a high wind, it just vanished into thin air. She opened her eyes. Arthur was at the throne, pulling something out from somewhere. When he turned quickly around, he was grasping the mighty handle of the sword from the stone, and then running across the carpet. \"Stay there, Myra!\" he said, as he left the room. Myra blinked twice, looking after the sword. It was dim in the room, but the sword's blade seemed different. Instead of ordinary steel, the great blade was a bright silver and white, like it had been touched by sunlight. But there was no light to make the sword glow so brightly, not even the candelabras. \"How can that be?\" Myra wondered out loud, through the noise of the banging. But, wait. There was no banging anymore. All was silent as slumber. \"Arthur!\" Myra shouted, scrambling to her feet. \"Wait, wait!\" She raced across the carpet, coming to the lobby faster than she expected. Arthur was at the doors, looking confusedly at them. The doors were dark and still. \"What was that?\" Arthur asked, turning to Myra. \"I don't know,\" Myra replied. \"It must have been an impatient visitor-\" \"No,\" Arthur interrupted. \"What you did before. Were you scared?\" Myra didn't speak, only thought. She, in all honesty, had no clue what had happened to her. She had just seen the doors banging in her mind, as they were in real life, taken by surprise by the image that had charged into her skull like a wild stallion. Yes, that was what it was like; the image had had a mind of its own, pounding on her mind's eye until she just let it take shape inside her, and it didn't stop until the doors stood still, like in the vision's conclusion. \"I think…I…I saw the doors while they were banging,\" Myra said, her voice barely above a whisper. \"There, there was someone- something - behind the door. It wanted to come in, and…and…\" Myra felt a chill roll through her. It wasn't possible. She hadn't seen the doors in her mind! It must have been a coincidence that the two mysterious events occurred side by side, but her heart told her that coincidences were out of the picture here. And now, with the… \"…the sword,\" Myra said, looking down at the sword in Arthur's hands. \"It was glowing.\" Arthur lifted the sword in his hands, and looked from the blade to Myra. \"What are you talking about?\" he asked. \"I didn't see that.\" \"Yes, it was,\" Myra pressed. \"It was shining; like the sun was on it. But, there were only candles in the room.\" She stopped there, not taking her eyes off the suspicious blade. There was certainly something strange happening here. The sword had glowed, she swore it! And then, she had seen the doors! Could it be that she was losing her mind? But then, it had been magic… Myra shut her eyes and tried to level her mind. Magic wasn't what brought around the miracle, and most certainly not here. Or…? \"See here, I, I'm sorry for wasting your precious time, and bothering you with such silly things, so…\" Myra collected her skirts, and reached to push the door open. When she did, she got outside in one step, and slowly closed the door. She felt like she should go and return to her solo search for Tabitha, but she couldn't get the spellbinding image of the sword to leave her. It was too strange, too glorious, an image to not think about, and suddenly, Myra felt that she should investigate further. If magic was in the works here, it was more than a possibility that it would help her get to Tabitha, no search party required. She pulled the door open further, and closing it, she decided to use her mind's eye to find Arthur. But no matter how much she pushed and concentrated, nothing came to mind; no images pushed and ground at her, so she decided to find him the old-fashioned- normal - way. \"Arthur!\" she called. \"Arthur!\" And then, from not too far off, she heard the frantic footfalls, climbing stairs. Following the sound, she went through more halls and tiny flights of stairs, until she heard the footsteps become louder; she had to be close. Myra raced after the sounds until she finally heard a door slam, arriving just in time before she could hit it. Swiftly, she took a breath and leaned her head against the wood. \"Merlin!\" Arthur said loudly. \"Oh, why, Highness, what are you doing in here?\" a sleepy, aged voice asked. \"It's late. What's going on?\" \"I dunno, but something's happened,\" Arthur replied. \"A girl- Myra Swann- just came here, looking for her sister. And then, the doors began banging, and Myra…she fell and started screaming and talking about how she saw the doors opening. I think she also saw the sword-\" There was a sound of bed covers being rustled, and more footsteps on the floor. \"What do you mean, she saw ? Did she see them, in the way that I can see the future?\" Arthur gasped, taking in a deep breath. \"Yes, I think that's it!\" \"The girl has magic,\" Merlin murmured. \"Any person who can foretell the future has about as much magic as I do. I only hope she doesn't recognize black magic.\" Magic? Myra put her hand to her mouth, her heart feeling like it was on fire with its rapid beat. Her? Magic? That wasn't possible; it couldn't be right. If she had magic, how come she wasn't able to just magically come and go with Tabitha as she pleased? Why didn't magic get her out of her home so long ago when she wanted to most? Why didn't magic help her find Tabitha before she had gotten mixed up in all this? \"I never thought I'd be around long enough to see another witch,\" Merlin said. \"You know, she might be a little helpful to us, since we've discovered the sword's magic.\" \"She's seen that too,\" Arthur added. \"All the better, lad,\" Merlin said. \"But should she come back again, we must be careful not to provoke the dark side of her magic. I've seen too many witches and wizards lean too far that way when they discover what they can do. But this girl- she could help us channel the power of the sword.\" \"Could she?\" Arthur asked, full of awe. \"I believe she can, if she is willing to try. Now, by all means, invite her in. I have something for her.\"[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Revealed Myra's body felt cold as ice, not sure what was happening. How did the old man inside know she was outside the door? Oh, that's right- magic. Myra didn't want to believe it, but seeing as the old man had said so that the sword had powers, there didn't seem to be any other explanation. And so, she stood tall, and tried to look presentable, although they probably weren't expecting her to be in peak condition for an impromptu meeting. As Arthur opened the door, Myra put on her best grin, her hands behind her back. \"Evening,\" Myra said as Arthur looked at her. \"Um, mind if I step inside?\" \"Oh, no, sure,\" Arthur said, opening the door further for Myra to come on. Myra nodded her head as she walked in, taking in her new surroundings. The room was speckled with the typical furnishings- bed, bedside table, candlesticks, and a desk. But the room seemed small to Myra, because there were sets of flasks and beakers set on one small table, and a few stray maps and globes. All it needed were books on the shelves and the room could be easily mistaken for a library. \"So, you have come after all!\" the old man said, chuckling. He gestured towards himself, grinning widely under his snow-white beard and mustache. \"My name is Merlin.\" \"Myra,\" she answered. \"Come and sit down with me, Myra,\" Merlin said gently, waving her over to the bed, which looked messy, but cozy next to the candlelight. When they were seated, Merlin looked at Myra seriously, but somewhat gently. \"Myra, do you know who you are, characteristically speaking?\" Merlin asked. \"Well, I know who I am, as Myra, but I don't really know whether to answer if I'm human or not,\" Myra answered. \"I heard you talking, and you said something about me being…being a witch ?\" \"I did,\" Merlin clarified. \"My pupil, Arthur, described to me that you said you saw the doors coming alive in the lobby. How exactly did this happen?\" Myra breathed deeply before she told her story to Merlin, who listened as attentively as any decent person should. He nodded his head, and adjusted his hair under his pointy blue hat every once in a while. Finally, he grinned, and gestured for Arthur to come and sit down beside him. When he had, Merlin looked between him and Myra as he continued to speak. \"From experience, we know that magic can be a risky business if not handled correctly,\" Merlin said, looking at Arthur. \"But there are wizards, like myself, who have chosen to use their magic to educate, not for personal gains. And I think that you can help us, Myra. The sword, you see, has been discovered to have extraordinary power, far beyond what I've seen before. And something tells me that there is something coming, something important.\" \"What kind of something?\" Arthur asked. \"You didn't tell me about this.\" \"I suppose I've never had good purpose for it, up till now,\" Merlin answered. \"But I'm sure that this something is up to no good.\" \"You mean, something magical and evil?\" Myra asked, swallowing hard. \"Afraid, child, that I do mean,\" Merlin said. \"It's difficult to say what exactly it is. All I know is that we don't have much time before it arrives. But, with a proper handling of your abilities, Myra, you might be able to help us stop what is coming before it does any horrid things to anyone.\" Myra shook her head, still not believing the events unfolding around her. \"But we still haven't proved that I'm a witch. Who's to say that me seeing the doors was just by coincidence?\" \"Well, why not start out with something small?\" Merlin took Myra's arm, and helped her stand up. \"Repeat after me, and focus your gaze on that little house over there.\" And then he told her some strange words that seemed jumbled together; not very easily rolled off the tongue. Myra didn't understand them, but as Merlin told her, she looked at a tiny little house that could only fit a medium-sized bird, with a blue-green roof and a short perch outside the entrance hole. As fluently as she could, Myra repeated the words, her hand facing the puny house. There was a giant puff of pink smoke and little sparkles floating through the room, as the trio feasted eyes on what Myra had done. In the clearing smoke, was a little… \"Chicken?\" Myra asked, looking back at Merlin with a twisted frown. \"Um, was that supposed to happen?\" \"Point of fact, it wasn't. It was supposed to become a mouse,\" Merlin said, twisting his long beard around his spindly finger. \"Then again, you are just a developing witch. Spells oftentimes go awry when they…\" Suddenly, there was a great flapping of wings, and a screeching overhead as a little brown owl swooped down over Myra's head, landing on a perch on top of a shelf. It picked at its feathers with its beak, extending its wings out. \"Oh, Archimedes!\" Arthur exclaimed. \"You're back!\" \"Thought I never would come back?\" the owl grumbled. \"I was chased the last few miles by a blasted hawk. Can't think to stand those things!\" \"Good thing you arrived when you did,\" Merlin said. \"Archimedes, I want you to meet Myra. She happened to stumble upon the castle, and just learned that she has magic.\" \"Magic, indeed,\" Archimedes said, rolling his large, yellow eyes. \"The girl probably wouldn't know me from a stuffed animal if I stood like this.\" He ruffled his feathers and then stood very still. Myra had to admit, he actually did look stuffed. But she wasn't going to give this grumpy owl the satisfaction. \"Ahem,\" she coughed. Archimedes ruffled his feathers again, smirking at Myra. \"And in any case, I don't see much magic coming from this girl.\" \"The name is Myra!\" she said firmly. \"My-ra!\" \"Ha, ha, funny name for a small girl,\" Archimedes said, chuckling. Now was a moment when Myra was glad she had magic. Grinning, she pointed her finger slyly at Archimedes, and whispered the spell Merlin taught her. The puff of smoke came again, and Archimedes squawked before he reappeared from the smoke. \"Guess that'll teach you,\" Myra whispered to the newly-transformed owl, who clucked in reply. \"That was a clever idea,\" Arthur said, trying to hold back laughter. He chuckled loudly as he watched Archimedes pace his perch on spindly legs, and cluck loudly in protest. Myra giggled too, sitting back on the bed to regain herself. Even Merlin was laughing a little, before he stated a spell that turned Archimedes, and his little house, back to their original forms. \"Never mind, never mind,\" Archimedes said, shaking his head. \"Pinfeathers and huffyduck!\" Myra gave Archimedes an odd look. \"You mustn't mind him,\" Merlin said to her. \"He's too sensitive for his own good.\" \"That's something I haven't heard before,\" the owl grumbled, glaring at Merlin. \"Is he always like this?\" Myra asked Arthur. Arthur covered his mouth with his hand, stifling a laugh. \"Worse. He likes to go out every night, and he's always mad when he comes back near morning.\" He pointed at Archimedes with a wave of his hand, and Myra followed the motion to the owl ruffling his feathers, and glaring at anything he saw, until he finally stalked into his birdhouse. Myra considered for a fleeting second conjuring something over his house, when she remembered that she didn't know any other spells. And maybe, she might actually be scolded this time. \"Oh, that reminds me of something,\" Merlin said suddenly, snapping his fingers. \"Myra, child, come here. I have something for you.\" Myra's eyes widened, and her breath caught in her throat. \"Really?\" \"Oh, yes.\" Merlin reached into a tiny basket beside his bed, beneath folds of red silk curtains. He whispered something into the basket, followed by low sounds that seemed almost childlike. But those sounds didn't come from Merlin. Myra peered over the bed at what Merlin was taking from the basket, and she nearly burst into joyful tears when she noticed his gift to her. \"Tabitha!\" Myra shouted as Merlin gently handed the baby to her. She hugged her sister to her, as Tabitha cooed and giggled in equal joy at seeing Myra again. Myra even did a little dance around the room, holding Tabitha so close that they could have melted together, and neither of them would have noticed. \"Oh my goodness, thank you! Thank you so much for finding her! Tabitha, thank goodness! I thought maybe I'd never see you again!\" Arthur smiled at Myra as she continued to twirl Tabitha in her arms. \"That's wonderful. But, Merlin, how did you find her? Why did you take her?\" Merlin grinned. \"Just the way you and I met. I saw her coming in the future. But I sensed a kind of dark presence around her. The minute that I sensed that darkness, I simply went out to the wagon, and rescued the child. I guess it's a good thing I did, otherwise the thing that Myra saw might have gotten her and her sister both.\" Myra stopped twirling, Tabitha still cooing in delight. \"Wait, you sensed a darkness around Tabitha? But, if you did, then why didn't you rescue the both of us? It might've saved a lot from happening.\" \"I know, and I'm sorry, child,\" Merlin said, hanging his head for a moment. \"It's easy for me to say that I thought perhaps the infant should've been saved more than you, because, well, she's so very young. But you, Myra, I sensed something about you too. The dark presence was around you, but it was mixed with something more potent, more…stable; something that could chase away the darkness. I guess I was right, because we all know now that you have magic, that which saved us from the forces that came upon the castle tonight.\" \"So, you didn't save me because you thought that my magic could save me from evil if it ever found me?\" Myra wanted to know. \"Exactly.\" \"But, if there is something…evil…out there right now, do you think you could teach me how to use my magic against it?\" Merlin lowered his bushy eyebrows and looked around a while before he answered Myra. Having mentioned the darkness surrounding Myra and Tabitha stirred a distant memory. For as he knew, he had come in contact with wizards and witches who had sworn to use magic for good, but had turned to the other side when they learned what could stop them from using their power for the greatest- or not so greatest- of things. But he also sensed a heartfelt goodness about the two children; Myra was unlikely to turn if it meant endangering her sister, from the affection she showed upon getting Tabitha into her arms. And with the proper discipline, he would not let Myra slip through his fingers. As he said, with her trained magic next to his, perhaps the lingering darkness could be stopped before it could harm any lives. \"So then, Myra, I will be your tutor in magic,\" Merlin said, adjusting his spectacles on his nose. \"Agreed, sir,\" Myra said, reaching out her hand. \"Plain Merlin will do, please,\" Merlin added, shaking Myra's hand in agreement, not realizing what would soon unfold.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Merlin's Lessons The following morning helped very much to ease Myra's excitement from the night before. Not that she wasn't still shaking inside from her new discoveries, but she did feel better knowing that she, as well as Tabitha, was in good hands for the time being. And after all, it wasn't every day you learned that you were a witch who might help save a castle's inhabitants from a coming evil. That night, Merlin had allowed for Myra to collapse in sleep in his room, and Tabitha to remain in her basket with the red silk curtains. And now, the three of them attended breakfast altogether in the dining hall, where Arthur sat at the head of a grand feast. \"Good morning,\" Arthur said, waving. \"Morning,\" Myra and Merlin greeted simultaneously. Tabitha just giggled as Myra set her in a high chair Arthur had requested for her. \"You slept well, Highness?\" Merlin asked, helping himself to some cream puffs. \"Yes,\" Arthur answered, \"and, I was thinking this morning. Because Myra is actually a witch, and she doesn't really have a place to go back to, do you think, Merlin, that she and Tabitha can stay here? You know, as guests?\" \"Why, yes, I think that would be a good idea,\" Merlin answered with a nod of his head. \"But it's not my castle, so it's not my decision to ultimately make. Would you like for that to happen?\" Arthur looked between Merlin and Myra, who eagerly awaited an answer. \"Yes,\" he finally said. \"Well then, welcome Myra and Tabitha,\" Merlin said. \"We're pleased to have the both of you here.\" Myra looked between the two, and grinned sincerely at them. \"You mean, you will let me and Tabitha stay? For…for as long as we can?\" \"As long as you are my pupil and remain faithful to the crown, then I don't see why you can't,\" Merlin said. \"And your father sounds like an infernal brute from what I gather.\" \"He wasn't always that way,\" Myra said, looking down at her plate. \"Before my mother died, he was the kindest father anyone could have. He gave me hugs and tucked me in at night, and never ever threatened me with an axe ! I still don't understand what could've happened to him.\" \"I can't tell you what,\" Merlin said, \"but I can say that if he ever sets foot in this castle, he'll be very, very sorry.\" \"Oh, I know he'll be sorry,\" Myra agreed. \"If I knew I had powers a long time ago, I would've knocked so much sense into him, he'd think twice before even picking up a knife to eat with! He very well could get stabbed if he wasn't careful around me!\" Merlin bore his firm gaze on Myra, putting his hand on hers gently. \"Listen to me, Myra. I understand wanting to use your magic to defend yourself, but this is also very important. It can be tempting, but you must never use magic to kill . You must use your head to outsmart your opponent.\" \"Brain over brawn,\" Arthur added, pointing to his head for emphasis. \"That's right,\" Merlin said. \"Do you also remember that wizard's duel I had with Madam Mim?\" Arthur grinned. \"Oh, yes. You beat her by turning yourself into a germ and made her too sick to fight back. I still think that that was the cleverest thing I ever saw, Merlin.\" \"I can't say that I disagree. Maleceletonopthyrosis is rare, but it does the trick.\" \"That was very clever,\" Myra agreed. \"I know I never want to know what it feels like, because it sounds awful.\" \"Awful, but downright funny,\" Merlin said before he and Arthur broke out into soft laughter, and Myra began to imagine ways in which she could have played with her father using magic, starting to laugh as well. After breakfast, when Tabitha had been handed to a nurse for the time being, the company gathered in the library, surrounded by piles upon piles of thick volumes. Myra was in awe of so many books in one place as she had never seen a library before, and suddenly she felt excited to learn from them. All the way up, Merlin never stopped talking about what he learned from their boundless knowledge, and it pushed curiosity and excitement into his students' minds. For periods at a time, Merlin went between teaching Arthur how to be a king, and teaching spells to Myra. Myra was having a wonderful time practicing, although she still couldn't get the first spell right. Instead of a mouse, whatever she practiced on became a big brown chicken. While she did practice the newer spells once in a while, she focused mostly on the mouse spell, trying her hardest to perfect it. Once she did, she might never have to cast it again, just as long as she could get one mouse out of it. Archimedes watched the studying from his library perch, flicking his eyes between the book piles and the students reading and flicking magic around the room. It was amazing to watch how dedicated these children were in their studies, much like Merlin had always been. It was like their lives depended on it. That was the way Myra thought of it too. If she was going to protect Tabitha and herself against what might be coming, these spells would have to be at their best, maybe more. And besides that, it felt good to be executing her powers after not ever using them in her life. She felt strong, invincible. At times, Merlin praised her for working so hard with what she was given. Some would have taken that as a signal to take a break; but not Myra. The more spells she was given, the harder she practiced. Only when the trio took their break for lunch did she finally relax a little bit. Afterwards, Myra was in for a surprising lesson. Instead of a fencing session with ordinary swords, Merlin was going to help Arthur to better channel the strange powers inside the marvelous sword. She didn't know how an ordinary king like Arthur could channel such magic, but she was interested in seeing how he would handle it. Arthur then grasped the sword, and waited for the strange magic to manifest. It soon glowed, like the sun's rays were touching the blade, and Arthur tried taking some kind of action to control the magic. At random times, the blade dimmed and then became blinding, and Myra grew nervous as Arthur tried aimlessly to control it. Myra felt awful that he had no direction in this task, and wished she could step in to help; she'd practiced enough for a task like this. Hadn't she? Arthur's forehead dripped with sweat, his hair plastered to his skin with it all, and the sword seemed to become a light monster ready to rear up its ugly head for destruction. His lips were squeezed together with intense concentration, about to break out in a frustrated yell. With the sword getting brighter, his arms shook violently and the poor boy looked like he might collapse at any time; perhaps to not wake up until the following week! Myra shook her head in frustration. She couldn't stand by and watch Arthur strain himself for something that he couldn't control very well. It surprised her that Merlin had placed him in this kind of lesson in the first place. Nonetheless, she wasn't going to let Arthur get hurt under the sword. Even Archimedes seemed to be getting restless. \"Hey, you bumbling blockhead!\" he said loudly to Merlin. \"You'd better get that sword out of the boy's hands! It's practically killing him!\" Merlin held up a hand to silence the owl. \"Any moment now,\" he said, dismissing Archimedes' concern. Breathing and thinking quickly, Myra ran through the spells she learned that day. Her throat closed up as her fear escalated, but she lit up excitedly when she thought of one that worked. Focusing on the struggling Arthur, Myra extended her hands and recited the spell. Inside her palms, she instantly felt the blasting power of an ice-cold wind, rolling in midair like an invisible floating ball. One last time she glanced at the king, recognizing once more what could happen if her spell backfired. But she was confident; she had practiced, and she had a better grasp of what she could do with her magic. Breathing deeply to calm herself and her focus, Myra jolted her hands to release the wind spell. Holding herself still, she watched the breeze swirl around both Arthur and the sword. Arthur shut his eyes tight in his great surprise as the breeze blasted his hair from his forehead, whipping his robes violently. There was enough wind that it formed a visible vortex around him, and all through the vortex's powerful strength, he still held onto the sword, which, as Arthur's grip grew visibly weaker, began to dim. Yes that's it, Myra thought. Just let go of the sword, and cool yourself down a little. Finally, Myra forced enough willpower into her spell that she actually got the sword out of Arthur's hands. In her surprise, she accidentally pulled the spell towards her. The breeze pushed the sword into her hands, blowing out as Myra gasped at the sword in her grasp. The hilt was warm from Arthur having held it, but it was no longer glowing; its blade was completely restored to its original, ordinary steel. Both Myra and Arthur were breathing hard; one with excitement, the other with relief and tire. Arthur dropped to his knees on the floor, breathing heavily. \"Gosh,\" he breathed. \"Myra. Did you…did you do that?\" Myra just nodded, too glad and relieved to speak; her spell had worked, and thus had saved a great big accident from happening. \"Well…thank you, Myra. Thank you very much. I thought maybe that sword was going to eat me alive.\" \"It could have, if it went on for much longer,\" Myra added with a deep breath. \"And…you are very, very welcome.\" Merlin walked up to the two tired children, applauding broadly. \"And wonderful job, the both of you,\" he said. \"Wonderful job?\" Myra asked, appalled. \"Merlin, that sword's magic could've killed Arthur! And you're saying 'wonderful job'? I had to intervene before you and save him before anything could happen-\" \"And, so you did,\" Merlin replied. \"You were not afraid to use your head to do something.\" He turned to look at the exhausted Arthur. \"You as well, Arthur. Holding on until the end is something very difficult to do sometimes, and you held onto the sword like I didn't expect.\" \"Well, thank you, Merlin, but how are we going to control its magic?\" Arthur asked. \"That was a good lesson, but it didn't really help us find out anything about the sword.\" Merlin frowned as if in thought, and looked at the sword still clutched in Myra's hand. \"Perhaps not a handful, but we may have learned one thing. Myra, hand the sword to Arthur, if you would.\" Myra handed the sword to Arthur, and immediately, the sword began to glow and sparkle. \"Now pass it back to Myra.\" Arthur did just that, and as soon as he let go, the sword ceased its magical sparkle. It didn't even spark the tiniest bit in Myra's hands. \"Just as I suspected,\" Merlin said thoughtfully. \"It doesn't matter if one has magic or not. Only Arthur can bring the sword to life.\" \"But, what does that mean?\" Arthur asked, looking back at the sword curiously. \"Why…do you think that it?\" \"I suspect it has something to do with your birthright as king,\" Merlin answered, running his finger along the blade in curiosity. \"What can be said is that this is a dangerous magic, and should be used carefully. Whatever's coming may just want it…\"[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Bonding As the days passed, and winter snow fell around them still, Myra and Tabitha were becoming quite accustomed to life in the castle. Because they were staying on long-term, they were given their own room not too far from Merlin's. The conditions were of the very finest, and Myra slept well every night in her bed; even Tabitha was sleeping like an angel when she was in her own crib, where she slept on the fluffiest, downiest pillow with the silkiest blankets. They ate full and well at every meal, listening to Merlin's stories of magical study, laughing at anecdotes full of accidents and blunders. And during lessons, Myra sometimes learned more spells than she could swallow, but she enjoyed the challenge. She loved getting lost in her practices, feeling her magic growing by the day. But, in the late afternoon, if she was tired of physically learning magic, she joined Merlin and Arthur in their studies. Myra relaxed her head on the table and, while she watched the windows darken with nightfall, she listened to Merlin and Arthur read from books of biology, history, mathematics, English, and politics. Like Myra had expected, Merlin made subjects like that interesting to learn about. He related each lesson to something he had done in his years, and often the stories were as interesting as the lessons came to be. Sometimes, Archimedes had something to say about the lesson, and although his examples were too overbearing on Merlin's, Myra absorbed them like she did the rest. It wasn't just Myra who was coming to like this new routine. Arthur, who had never received a real education before, was finding a growing interest in the subjects that Merlin was teaching him. Who'd have thought that the world was round and floating through space, or that the human body had several systems working together just to keep it alive, or even that there was a number in the universe that had no end- pi? The subjects alone were like separate worlds, and although they were sometimes hard to grasp, they were fun to dive into. But one thing was always on Arthur's mind, and the thing always scared and excited him at the same time. It was now easy to grasp the fact that he had pulled the sword and was now king. But he never expected that the sword would be a magical one that only he could control. It made him feel even more powerful as king, but the knowledge that such a tremendous power was all his made him shake. Merlin had stated several times over when Myra and Tabitha appeared that there was evil coming. And, what if that evil really was coming for the sword's power? Would he have to fight to protect the sword and all the people who lived in the castle? Well, mayhap he wouldn't have to worry about that, because he had Merlin and Myra to help him. Myra… Sometimes, during his studies, Arthur's attention would wander to Myra practicing her magic. He noticed how hard she worked to perfect each spell, how she would never stop unless she was as tired as a dog. It's hard wanting to do that for everything you learn, he thought. She needs some time for herself. Arthur now felt a new idea brewing. Maybe when he and Myra could have some time for themselves, he could take her around the castle grounds, and just talk. He knew that if she and Tabitha were going to live in the castle for some time, he would like to get closer; be friends. Besides, if that were to happen, perhaps her stay would be a lot more pleasant. Arthur himself had never had any real friends beside Merlin and Archimedes, but having a friend his own age would be a whole other thing. The thought gave him a thrill, and an anxious drive to finish the lesson he was in before he and Myra could be free. The morning dawned beautiful and blue, and all inhabitants of the castle were up with the sun. The guards were up now, guarding the castle with a fresh energy now that there was a new king to serve. Servants were rushing around with that energy as well, under a spell by the beautiful day outside. Even Archimedes came back from his nightly flight with abundant lightness in his heart. He didn't show it much, but he sure felt it. At breakfast, everyone arrived with grins on their faces, expecting the usual routine to commence. All except for Arthur. He planned to ask Myra to take her afternoon break off with him so that they could just talk, bond a little. He was anxious, because he knew how dedicated Myra had become to studying magic and it seemed likely she would ignore the question. Myra beamed as she ate her breakfast. Everything about this day seemed to radiate cheeriness, and she had felt it in the atmosphere from the moment she and Tabitha exited their room. She could have sworn she even saw one lone guard smiling into space. Even as she thought it now, she still laughed softly. Arthur breathed slowly before he spoke up. \"Say, Myra?\" \"Mm-hmm?\" Myra asked, looking up from spooning a mouthful of cinnamon strudel in her mouth. \"Do you think that you could take your afternoon break off to take a walk around the castle, with me?\" Arthur asked; he bit his lip upon finishing. Asking to do something with a friend was harder than he thought. Myra swallowed her strudel, putting her hands on the table in thought. \"Well…all right, sure. Why not? It's a nice day outside.\" She paused to laugh a little. \"It wouldn't surprise me if the guards were asking for the day off.\" \"No, I guess not,\" Arthur agreed, chuckling too. \"So, three o'clock, after studies are over?\" \"Sure,\" Myra said. \"I've never seen the castle grounds up close before. But, you don't think we'll find any trolls living around the grounds, do you?\" \"I don't think so,\" Arthur answered. \"I think we'd be lucky if we found any pike still living in the pond in this weather. And they're troll enough for me.\" He frowned in disgust at the thought of the monstrous fish. Myra nodded, before she continued eating her breakfast. Arthur only grinned, satisfied with himself. Even in the dead of January, the sun was still springtime warm as Arthur and Myra stepped outside the castle. The instant that they did, Myra was already becoming overwhelmed beyond expectations. The land around the castle was covered with snow, covering old trees and landscape structures. With the sun sparkling on it all, the spectacle was like that of a fairytale land. \"Great deck and jack!\" Myra exclaimed. \"I knew sun made snow sparkle, but I've never seen it look this lovely.\" \"Right?\" Arthur agreed. \"I guess it's a good thing no one has walked through it yet, or the snow wouldn't look as pretty.\" \"Wait! Arthur, you just gave me an idea,\" Myra said, turning to an old oak tree next to her. Using magic, she cut out a huge rectangle of wood from the trunk and, curling the front end upward, placed it inside the snow before a little hill nearby. \"Who says we can't be the first ones?\" Myra added, gesturing to the wood in the snow. \"What's that for?\" Arthur asked. \"I'll show you,\" Myra answered. Carefully tucking her cloak around her, she stepped onto the wood and sat down, patting the space behind her. \"Come on, get on.\" Hesitating a second, Arthur took his time sitting down, positioning himself so that his legs were stretched fully on either side of Myra. Nervously, he waited for Myra to do whatever she was going to do, hanging onto the wood. \"Hang on!\" Myra called out before she gave a push of the wood. And suddenly, the wood plummeted down the hill, sliding through the snow as easily as rushing water. Myra cried out in sheer joy, lifting her face to the sky…just before the wood came to stop at the bottom of the hill. Arthur was in shock, sitting still. The feeling he got was one so wild, so stomach-churning, that he just let out a loud laugh to release them. Going down the hill, he had felt a rush that was bigger, grander, more powerful than any joy he'd ever felt, although it was something a little unfamiliar. For a moment, he had truly had fun! \"See?\" Myra asked after hearing Arthur laugh. \"That's what we peasants do in the snow. I'm surprised you've never done that before.\" \"Well, I didn't really live as wonderfully as you think,\" Arthur said. He paused before continuing, collecting the thoughts from the story of his past. \"I was an orphan before I became king. All my life, I lived with Sir Ector and his son, Kay, in their castle. But, that didn't mean I was treated like a future knight. I was their kitchen servant, washing dishes and doing chores morning and night. They were good to me, mostly, and, so, I thought that was what I would be the rest of my life.\" \"And then, look at what you became!\" Myra said, bowing her head and curtsying as she rose from the wood. \"His Majesty, King Arthur of all England!\" \"Yes, and I'm happy that it's happened, but…\" Arthur's voice trailed off. \"But now that the sword has magic, I don't know what I should do. I mean, it's a huge responsibility for someone like me to take; being king, and the only one who can control a magical sword. Merlin's trying to guide me, but it doesn't help that he mentions the evil every time the sword is brought up. Right now, all I want is to be understood. And no one seems to.\" He shook his head forlornly, turning and putting his head in between his legs sadly. Myra felt terrible. She understood Arthur's situation. From the time her mother had died, she had been thrust into the mature position of mother of the cottage. And for the first few weeks afterwards, she had cried herself to sleep, or at least until her bed was too wet with tears to even sleep, what with her worries about not being able to live up to her family's demands. Not only that, but she felt completely alone. Her father was simply being her father, and Tabitha didn't have a clue what was happening, so she had no one to turn to when she felt as alone as Arthur appeared to feel. Throughout the long year that she worked so hard to please her changing father and care for her sister, she felt like she had given up on childhood and joys for good. But now, as a witch with the ability to create what she wished for, and a hopeful future ahead, those feelings were disappearing. Perhaps if Arthur could be given that, the past could be remedied. \"Look, Arthur, you remember when I told the story about what I went through back home?\" Myra asked. \"Well, I believe that every child like us should be allowed to live their lives like real children, not as adults. Of course it was a little soon to make you king, because you're still a boy. But if we keep looking to the future, we may eventually forget what we've been through, and if we stick together. I'm your friend, and I want you to know that. All right?\" Arthur looked up from his miserable position at Myra. \"You mean it?\" he asked. \"Cross my heart,\" Myra said, crossing her fingers over her chest. Arthur smiled before speaking again. \"Then, I'm your friend too.\" Myra chuckled, grinning a sweet but silly grin. Arthur laughed at her expression, Myra soon laughing along. Their laughter was suddenly interrupted by a clapping of thunder. \"Thunder?\" Myra wondered aloud. \"That can't be.\" Both of them turned around to the ominous sound, and in an instant, their blood ran cold. On the horizon, a black cloud was lingering. No, it wasn't lingering; it seemed to be rolling and bubbling like smoky water. It was growing, it was… roaring . Myra slowly took a step back towards the castle. \"Maybe…maybe we should go back…\"[Chapter 9] Chapter 9: Something Wicked The cloud looked miles away, but Myra and Arthur could already feel their hair stand on end. A cold wind blew through the hills and trees, scattering some dead leaves left from autumn. Still, the rolling, bubbling surface of the cloud came menacingly closer. And instantly, that same image, only darker and more frightening, began to pound on Myra's brain, grinding furiously, the pain ringing down into her toes. Knives seemed to sear at her, and she screamed. \"Myra!\" Arthur cried. \"What's going on? Oh, no, are you seeing it?\" \"Let's go!\" Myra said quickly, grabbing Arthur's arm and running for the castle. Arthur yelped as he was pulled along, but Myra paid that no mind. Something was coming, and that grinding image in her mind was definitely not for nothing! And sure enough, the moment that Myra pulled them along, the cloud broke out! It made a long, loud roar like a massive lion, and charged onward after the friends. It pushed against the sky, turning it a grey-black, and bulldozing down what was in the way. The wind became strong and freezing, shoving Myra and Arthur forward. It was hard for them to run through the snow; even harder for Myra to remember a fire spell when she was this terrified. But, wait…Merlin's lesson about holding on till the end! She had to remember that, even now. Squeezing Arthur's arm harder, Myra belted out the fire spell as it came to her. Instantly, a stream of fire appeared from her hands and, aiming it at the snow, their path became grassy, making it easier to run, even if the cloud roared a hundred times louder with thunder, and strikes of lightning threatening to destroy the grounds. \"Quick, Myra, hurry up!\" Arthur yelled above the storm. \"I am hurrying up!\" Myra answered. \"Fire can only melt snow so quickly!\" The desperation in Arthur's voice, however, forced Myra to crank up the spell, forcing the fire to turn entirely blue with its intense heat. She was afraid for a moment that she might set the ground on fire, but it worked better to melt all traces of snow from their path. Myra looked behind her and gasped loudly when she saw the cloud. It had reached the ground now, having become a towering menace of smoky cloud right at their heels! Finally, they came to the front doors of the castle, and once again, Myra's mind was battered with the same image of the light banging outside the doors. The knife-like feeling tore at her and she threw the doors open with an inhuman strength fueled by her fear and pain. When they were both inside, Myra and Arthur pushed the doors closed, and, in the next instant, they were thrown off their feet by an explosive blast behind them, forcing them to roll across the floor to safety. Myra struggled to her feet, glancing at the doors. They were banging ajar, a blinding light pushing through the cracks. The haunting memory of the previous attack came to her, and almost immediately, Myra ran through the spells she learned. But in the meantime, she knew that something had to be done to weaken this evil force that had come for them. Quickly, she turned her body around and looked to Arthur. \"Arthur, quick!\" she cried. \"Go get the sword!\" Freezing momentarily, Arthur hesitated before he bolted out of the lobby and onto the lavender carpet to the throne room. With Arthur's footsteps fading down the hall, Myra prepared for attack. Cupping her palms, she cried out the wind spell, and planted her feet on the floor. Inside her hands, she felt once more the cold brushing power of the breeze and, with a deep breath, unleashed it. Myra was pushed back only slightly when the wind blasted from her hands, but she held herself still as she settled into the spell. The gusts were cloudy wisps, rushing towards the door with incredible speed. The doors vibrated violently, about to crack under the power of Myra's spell and the forces pounding them from the outside. Myra could see the grey clouds stirring in the wind, but they were not giving up easily. She breathed more energy into her spell, and felt it grow strong enough to come up against a hurricane. Her blood pounded, and her hands were becoming numb, but Myra knew what she had to do; hang on, till the very end. \"Myra!\" Arthur's voice cut through the rushing wind. Myra whirled her head around to see Arthur with sword in hand. \"Arthur!\" she yelled. \"Quickly, use its magic!\" Running up beside Myra, Arthur grasped the sword in both his hands. The blade illuminated, beginning to spark different colors of little lightning bolts. Arthur gasped; he had never seen the lightning bolts. They trickled all around the great blade, appearing and disappearing like long, jagged lines of fireflies. It was amazing to watch, but he realized what great magic power was kept within such tiny things. \"What do I do?\" he asked himself. He couldn't control it before, so how could he do it now? It had been terrifying enough doing it when there was no real danger, but now? Well, now if he didn't unleash the sword's power in the right way, someone could get hurt, or worse! Arthur watched Myra's face, scrunched tight in determination. Her hair and robes were blowing back from the great wind spell she was using, and she looked like she might be blown off her feet any minute. But she didn't show any signs of faltering. Arthur turned back to the sword, and suddenly, he remembered Merlin's lesson. Just because the sword's magic was in the slightest unpredictable, that didn't mean he could run away. He had said so himself the day he accidentally met Myra; he couldn't be a child and run. If he had the courage to accept such an idea, why should he be afraid now? The sword was his, and his all alone, to control. What else could he do but try? Folding his lips between his teeth, Arthur determinedly held the sword tighter in his hands. He felt a strange feeling emanating from the handle, and it crept along his limbs and all over his body. It seemed like the sword was holding him with invisible hands, spreading its power as easily as if he were standing under a shower of magic. This time, instead of intimidating, the power felt wonderful and strong, instead of frightening and monster-like. Shutting his eyes briefly, Arthur allowed for the power to build, carefully trying to control it as he did so. \"Let's go, Myra!\" he suddenly shouted. With a leap, he lunged forward with the powerful sword and cut through the door, the lightning nipping at the wood. Behind him, Myra contained her spell, and followed him to the door, where the smoky clouds began to creep inside. Arthur pushed the doors open, and swung the sword at the cloud, which broke apart and roared wherever the blade touched. The blade left a large trail of sparkles and light behind, spreading around the cloud which was already beginning to back away. \"I've got an idea!\" Myra said suddenly, and she dove under the cloud. \"Keep using the sword!\" Arthur then stood still and held the sword pointed at the cloud, which was instantly repelled by the magic. As best he could, Arthur controlled the lightning surrounding the blade and then tensed, as if he was waiting for the sword to become even more powerful under his willpower. He could not believe it- he was actually controlling the sword, a little. He still feared that it would break free at any given time, but he felt good being able to use it. He jumped back, surprised, when the cloud was blasted upward. The grey wisps scattered, becoming smoke-like, as Myra kneeled under the cloud with her palms cupped upward. White-grey wisps were escaping her, blowing upward in infinite bunches. But despite the power of Myra's spell, the cloud kept creeping back down threatening to swallow her up. Myra grunted, loud and long. \"I can't do it! It's way too strong!\" Arthur dashed under the cloud with Myra and readied himself with the sword. Holding it high above his head, he clenched the handle and let the magic begin to build some more. The blade shone like the sun, but this time, something began to waft from it. A hazy, multi-colored stream spiraled into the air, driving like a nail into the cloud above them. Angry, the cloud reared up and shot a smoky jet of itself at Myra. It came in an instant, but Myra's heart jumped into overdrive as she dove to her side, about to crash into Arthur. \"Arthur!\" she screamed. But instead of colliding with him, she grabbed him by the arm. With a yelp, Arthur fell to the ground, but the sword stayed pointed to the sky. Then, the sword shone several times brighter, and blasted the spiral of magic even faster, driving into the cloud like a hammer could destroy glass. The cloud suddenly began to disintegrate, and with a final roar, the cloud exploded, and fell away around the two friends. Arthur and Myra cowered where they were, slowly raising their heads to see what had happened. The sky was now a navy blue with the twilight, and covered all with coming stars, without a cloud in sight. Around them, everything was still intact, with the castle doors open all the way inside. A few splinters were scattered here and there around the entrance. For a moment, neither of them spoke, only breathing. \"Is it over?\" Myra asked, hoisting herself off the ground. Arthur nodded his head slowly, still in shock from the experience. \"That was…incredible,\" was all he could say. \"Yes,\" Myra breathed. \"I don't believe it; we actually defeated that thing. But…something tells me we haven't seen the last of it.\" Arthur looked at the sword in his hands, which was now dim but not completely out. \"We did it, though. I…I controlled the sword!\" \"Yeah, but…\" Myra looked down at her hand, still grasping Arthur's arm, and at the sword still in his grasp. \"…maybe…maybe we both did it.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean, when I grabbed your arm, the sword's magic just got stronger. I don't think I directly affected the sword, though.\" Myra looked between her hand grasping Arthur, and then to him and the sword. \"I think…I was affecting you .\" Arthur stared wide-eyed at Myra. Then his gaze wandered behind her to the cobblestones in the courtyard. \"What's that?\" Myra turned, and narrowed her eyes when she spotted an object lying in the stones. Slowly, she went to retrieve it and picked it up to show to Arthur. \"It's a ring,\" Arthur said. \"It…it came from the cloud,\" Myra added. At recognizing the ring in her hand, Myra's heart raced, and her blood ran cold once more. A distant memory flashed through her mind, but it didn't grind at her brain. She knew who the ring might belong to. \"My mother…\"[Chapter 10] Chapter 10: A Mystery Unfolded \"My mother…she…she had a ring just like this.\" Myra's hands shook as she held the ring with the dark crystal on it. \"No…it can't be! It just can't!\" Arthur shook his head. \"But…you said your mother was dead. She can't be who you think she is.\" \"We might have to talk to Merlin about this,\" Myra said after a moment of silence. \"He might have figured out a little what this is all about.\" \"Clever idea,\" Arthur agreed. \"Come on.\" Leaving the lobby, Arthur and Myra climbed the stairs to Merlin's room, carrying the sword up with them. It seemed to take longer than usual with the magnitude of their story, but they trudged onward as usual; if there was anything usual about this. Finally, when they reached the door, Myra rapped violently on the thick wood. \"Who is it?\" a gruff voice called from the other side. Now that was not Merlin. \"Archimedes, can we come in?\" \"What do you want?\" \"Where's Merlin?\" Arthur asked. \"Well, where do you suppose he is? He's in the library. And, say, aren't you two supposed to be there right now?\" \"Now that you mention it,\" Arthur answered with a light shrug. \"We're sorry, Archimedes, but something's happened, and we need Merlin's help.\" \"What sort of business?\" Myra and Arthur looked at each other before Arthur answered. \"We were attacked, by the same thing that came to the castle before. But this time, it almost killed us!\" \"Why are you telling me this? Merlin would know more about this than I do.\" \"And then, we found a little ring with a violet crystal in it,\" Myra added. \"Wait, wait, wait! Did you say 'ring' and 'violet crystal' together in the same sentence?\" \"Uh-huh,\" Myra answered. There was suddenly a great flapping of wings from the other side of the door. \"Good heavens, good heavens!\" Archimedes yelped, his voice suddenly speedy. \"Quickly! Quickly! Let me out, and we'll go find Merlin!\" Myra did as she was told, and as quickly as Archimedes had spoken, the trio rushed to the library, throwing the door open when they reached it. Merlin looked up sharply from the table in the center of the room, and stood up quickly. \"Great Scott, what's happened?\" he asked, rushing to grab his wand before meeting his pupils. \"Merlin, it's come back!\" Arthur answered, breathing heavily from the run across the castle. \"The thing…that Myra saw before…it came back! And then it came after us and it tried to kill us and-\" \"Be calm, lad, slow down,\" Merlin said. \"Now, tell me everything.\" \"That evil you talked about- it came back and it tried to attack me and Arthur,\" Myra explained. \"We tried to run from it, but it came after us quickly! And we had to use my magic and the sword!\" \"The sword?\" Merlin asked, peering at Arthur. \"You used the sword?\" \"Yes,\" Arthur said. \"Except, this time, I was able to control it, just a little. I think it was actually the sword, and Myra, that saved us!\" \"And Myra?\" Merlin repeated with a satisfied grin. \"Wonderful to know, I will say, but, how did you stop the forces from swallowing the both of you?\" \"The sword's magic, of course,\" Myra answered. \"And mine. But, you see, we've discovered a way to better control and boost the sword's power. If I touch Arthur's arm, and cast some sort of spell, I can channel some of my magic through him and into the sword. I'm not sure why that happened, but it might be a way for us to defeat the thing that found us on the grounds.\" \"Not only that,\" Archimedes broke in. \"But they also found a ring on the ground, in the courtyard. Show it to him.\" He spoke a little frantically to Myra, who hesitantly took the ring from her pocket and handed it to Merlin. For several moments, there was total silence as Merlin examined the ring, with the dark crystal resting on a circle of silver. His eyes grew wide, his fingers nearly dropping the ring to the floor as he collapsed into the chair behind him. \"This ring only means one thing,\" Merlin finally said. \"She has come back.\" \"She?\" Myra asked. Merlin sighed, massaging his mustache with his thumb. \"Well, I guess this can't wait much longer,\" he muttered. \"Come, gather around, and I'll tell you what this may mean.\" Quickly, Myra, Arthur and Merlin gathered in the armchairs circled around the fireplace not too far off. Archimedes perched himself on top of Merlin's chair, looking down on his master as he began to speak. \"Years back- several years back- I had another student. Her name was Morgan, and she was the most ambitious child I knew. Every morning, she would wake up before the sun had even risen and beg to start lessons right there; but I always had to tell her to wait until after breakfast. She threw her heart and soul into everything she did, especially when she practiced magic.\" \"A witch?\" Myra clarified. \"Oh yes- an extremely ambitious one at that. And, sooner or later, I became accustomed to the little girl just as I did to Arthur. She as well found that she could trust me with her life, and later, when she became a young woman, she told me why she was so ready to become a full-fledged witch. \"Her family had been destroyed, a short while before she came to me to learn the tricks of the trade. Her father was murdered, by the king. And her mother, bless her little heart, was taken by the king as his wife. She tried to leave him, of course, but he would not let her unless she agreed to have another child with him.\" Myra sank into her chair. \"Great deck and jack! That's awful!\" \"Yes,\" Merlin said forlornly. \"She didn't tell me this next bit, but I learned it soon enough. Morgan had been forced by her stepfather to be betrothed to one of his novice friends. And after that, she swore to use her magic to destroy her stepfather, and anyone who dared get in her way. Her magic had changed her, and…it was all my doing.\" \"No, Merlin!\" Myra said. \"Don't say that! You had no idea! But…was that why you were slow to take me as another student? 'Cause you thought that maybe my magic would change me too?\" \"I do admit that, at the beginning, I was terrified of what the future would be, child,\" Merlin answered. \"But seeing that you fought back to destroy evil, I'm starting to believe perhaps the outcome will be different.\" \"Don't you remember the ring?\" Archimedes interrupted. \"What does that mean?\" Merlin turned his icy gaze to the ring. \"Ah, I remember that ring. Morgan was handed that ring from her mother, and she wore it all throughout her studies; never took it off once.\" \"Then, do you think that maybe it's Morgan who's been attacking us all this time?\" Arthur wanted to know. Myra sank further into her chair the more she thought it over. She was so sure that she had seen her mother wear that exact ring; she never removed it. It just couldn't be so. Her mother wasn't a bad person. She hadn't done anything horrible while she was alive. But…maybe… \"And so, after all this, I saw something coming in the future. The king- Uther Pendragon, his name was- and Morgan's mother, Igraine, had another child. But, I saw a change in Pendragon's behavior. He was a good ruler, but cruel to Igraine when she became his wife. Then, something in him must have come undone. He started to become homicidal, threatening his servants with death if they didn't do his bidding exactly as he pleased. At times, he nearly brought his wife down with an axe!\" Arthur and Myra groaned and wriggled in discomfort over this story. Just how long had Merlin been hiding this story from them? Myra wondered. And the more her suspicions heightened, the more frightened she felt. If her mother was who she suspected, then the evil was one greater than they had previously thought. \"Morgan had left her home at that point, but I knew that my part in this story wasn't finished,\" Merlin continued. \"In the night, I traveled to this very castle, and rescued the baby lad from his crib.\" He paused, clearly unsure whether to continue. \"The both of you must know this, because I haven't told it to anyone up until now. After I rescued the child, I looked around for a home, and finally, I put him on the doorstep of a castle in London- the estate of Sir Ector himself.\" Arthur stood still and stared at Merlin, his eyes wide enough to fall from his skull. He blinked several times before coming back to reality. \"My father? He was the cause of all this? He…he…?\" \"Indeed. Uther Pendragon was your father, and Morgan's stepfather. I'm sorry, lad. I'm sorry that I've kept this from you, but now I think it's important that you know this.\" \"Merlin, I think I might know who else Morgan is,\" Myra said, clutching the ring tight in her fist. A mixture of emotion tore through her again- the vortex of anger, sadness, and a little frightened confusion- but she was certain of what she would say. \"My mother wore this ring when she was alive. I just know she did.\" \"Then, if we are correct…\" Merlin gave Myra that firm gaze she knew well, but there was a hint of dark worry inside it. \"Myra, my child, Morgan- Morgan le Fay- is, in all aspects, your mother.\"[Chapter 11] Chapter 11: Questions Unanswered After an excruciatingly long debate and further research, life immediately became different for Myra. It was discovered that Morgan le Fay was the half-sister of Arthur, and while he had a hard time accepting that, he was instantly easy with the fact that he and Myra were related. Not to mention that Myra had been transformed from ordinary peasant girl to magically-talented royalty. She didn't realize the magnitude of this news until it was relayed to all in the castle, and the guards bowed to her when they acknowledged her presence. Suddenly, Myra felt afraid. She couldn't believe this. Who'd have thunk that all this time, she had been a princess? A princess ! The thought actually made her scared and proud of herself at the same time. As princess, she had some say in what happened in England, and if her father so much as put a toe inside the castle, she could have him executed on the spot, especially after what he had put her and Tabitha through since her mother died. Or, at least, death was what she thought it was before all this happened. Her mother-Morgan- was still alive and kicking with magic. And she was out there, plotting revenge against Myra and Arthur and the rest of the royals. Well, no sir was she going to come in the castle. Because next time, Myra swore that she would conjure a spell so strong, Morgan wouldn't even consider messing with her! Myra would see to it. At this point in time, if any of her friends were destroyed at the hands of evil magic, Myra's anger alone could demolish evil; not much magic, if any, required. The next day, during lessons, Myra was asked to join in Arthur's studies. As princess, she had a new duty to learn to be royalty, although she would not be on the throne for several years, if at all. She was disappointed that she couldn't practice magic as much anymore, but Myra was willing to go with the flow for now. However, sooner or later, she would ask for more time with her magic. Myra felt that the better her magic was, the less likely of a chance there was for her friends to be harmed. In fact, Myra had an idea for when her magic was stronger. \"Arthur,\" she said to him one day. \"What would you say if I asked to be your personal guardian? I could use my magic to protect you if Morgan ever shows up again.\" \"Are you sure?\" Arthur asked. \"Do you really think you can do that?\" \"Oh, I'm sure,\" Myra answered confidently. \"My magic is getting much better now.\" \"I know that,\" Arthur said. \"But…\" \"But what?\" \"I think…I should think about it a little.\" Myra was shocked. With the progress she was making with practice and hard work, she would have expected no hesitation from Arthur. He was there every day when she practiced; he saw practically everything she accomplished. Why shouldn't she be his guardian? But, then again, perhaps this was too much of a surprising question for Arthur, so Myra was willing to go with it. \"All right. But please give me answer soon, because this is something I'd really like to do.\" Arthur just gave her a thoughtful glance, and nothing else. Myra's new idea of being Arthur's guardian sparked an all-out change in the way she practiced magic. She worked extra hard to perfect every spell, not stopping for one second until she had not just a good hand, but a great hand on it. If she was going to protect a king, then there could be little to no mistakes in her magic. In any given danger, the future of a kingdom could depend on how well she reacted and handled the spells she cast. And especially unlike her mother, she would use her powers to protect and not for selfish reasons! Unfortunately, Myra would practice so much that sometimes, she couldn't stay awake long enough for her studies with Merlin and Arthur. In the middle of a lesson, she would just nod her head and before long, she found herself half-asleep on the table. Archimedes would always land on her shoulder, scaring her so that she awakened with a yelp that interrupted the lesson. Merlin took pity on her, easing her back into her learning mind, although Myra could see in his expression a kind of annoyance that bothered her. She felt bad for distracting him and Arthur when she should be joining them, and so she slumped through the lesson with half a sleepy mind. On occasion, Myra was too sleepy to even finish her supper. And the moment that she was bathed and in her night clothes, she collapsed into her bed quickly without blowing out the candle on her night table. Her magical studies were wearing her thin, and so was her patience. All this time, Arthur never gave her an answer as to whether she could be his guardian or not. Soon, it was the middle of February. Snow still fell and the days were short, but Myra was beginning to feel like she had made little progress. Of course, she knew that she was working to become a possible guardian for a king, but without Arthur's consent, what was there to work for? Finally, towards the end of the month, Myra decided not to take her afternoon break in the library. She walked out to the grounds, and strolled alone through the snow. On a good day, she would have brought Arthur with her, but on a day like this, she needed to just think. What am I doing? Myra asked herself. Why isn't Arthur giving me an answer? I mean, I don't want to rush him but he realizes that Morgan is out there plotting revenge against the castle. He can't be without protection for much longer; Merlin said so- we don't have much time before Morgan closes in and something happens! I guess…I guess I ought to just go talk to him myself. Myra was quiet for a long time, debating what she should do. \"Myra?\" Jumping in the air, Myra whirled around to see who had so suddenly addressed her. She relaxed when she noticed Arthur standing not too far behind her. \"Great deck and jack, Arthur!\" she exclaimed. \"Don't sneak up on me like that.\" \"Sorry,\" Arthur said, holding up his hands in apology. \"When I didn't see you in the library I thought maybe you were out here.\" \"And, so I am.\" \"What are you doing?\" \"Oh, I was…just thinking.\" \"What about?\" Myra paused before she spoke. This was it, where she might be able to squeeze an answer out of Arthur. Breathing deeply and evenly, she prepared herself. \"Arthur, do you mind me asking you something?\" \"No, not at all. What is it?\" \"Well…I've been wondering lately. We both know that Morgan is lurking around here, plotting something. She's after both of us, but, the way I see it, I think you're the one she wants the most.\" \"Why's that?\" \"It's for a lot of reasons. You have things she wants- your place as king, and even the sword's magic. But…\" Myra took an extremely deep breath before she continued. \"…in order to get you, she'll target first what you hold closest to you; your friends.\" Arthur gulped. \"But she can't do that. I mean, she can't destroy Merlin or you. You two have magic, and Merlin is the world's most powerful wizard. If he can beat a witch like Madam Mim, then, for sure, he can beat Morgan.\" Myra shook her head. \"I know you have faith in Merlin, Arthur, but you can't always count on him to win. We've seen what Morgan can do; she almost killed us. She's an aggressive witch, who is actually out for blood. From the sound of this Madam Mim, she just wanted to show off her magic. Morgan won't let go without a fight. Merlin is a great wizard, but I think it might be up to us to get rid of her.\" \"How can it only be up to us?\" Arthur asked, giving Myra a strange look. \"We barely escaped with our lives the last time. Merlin may just be the only one who can save us. His magic and his knowledge are twice what we have.\" \"Well, be that as it may, that's not my point,\" Myra clarified with a long, frustrated sigh. \"I guess it won't be easy saying this. Arthur, Merlin is a powerful wizard, but he doesn't believe too much in aggressive magic. And I do; it might be the only way we can defeat Morgan. And in any case, with her lurking around here, it's not safe for anyone, especially you. So, I plead, with all respects and desire, for me to become your guardian.\" Myra waited again for Arthur to finally answer her, but he only stayed silent and looked away. \"Arthur, what's the matter? What's wrong with me wanting to protect you?\" \"I don't want to talk about that,\" Arthur said with a deep heaviness to his words. \"Just answer me this one question,\" Myra pleaded. \"I told you before- this is something I really want to do. Think of it as a friendly, no, dutiful service.\" \"But why? Why do you want to do this so badly? I really don't think this is something for you.\" Myra sighed deeply again, and bore her gaze on Arthur firmly. \"Have you not been listening to me at all? I want to protect you from Morgan.\" \"But, Myra, you're…you're the princess.\" \"And you're king ! The kingdom needs you more than me. If being your guardian means throwing myself in harm's way, then that's a price I'll pay. Arthur, I've wanted to do this since I discovered what you and I can do when we work as one. There's power in the sword, and with me protecting you and channeling my magic into you at the same time, we're invincible!\" \"But what about you, Myra? If you get killed, then who will take over from me?\" \"I won't be on the throne for a long time, Arthur. And besides, what would the kingdom think if the king's guardian- princess- failed to protect him? Would they want me on the throne then? Not even I would be able to forgive myself for something like that!\" Arthur gave Myra that same thoughtful glance, but it grew firm. \"I won't let you do it, Myra,\" he answered with a stone-hard voice. With a frustrated yell, Myra threw herself in front of Arthur, grabbing his shoulders and staring him straight in the eye. Arthur had to know something, and she would not let him think otherwise. \"That is not what I'll do, Arthur!\" she said. \"Would I want to be your guardian if I didn't care about you? Look at me! This is what I want to do with my magic; nothing would make me happier knowing that my family is safe, especially you.\" Arthur opened his mouth to speak, but he stopped and slumped his shoulders. \"That's just why I don't want you to do that,\" he answered. \"You're still learning, like I am. And you only just found out about your magic. It might not be safe for you. I mean, you say that being a princess isn't important, but you are. I wouldn't want you to get hurt trying to save me.\" Myra tried not to break. In her stomach she felt a great heaving sob begin to form, but she couldn't let it come out; it would make her look weak, when she had to be strong. But then, something in her came loose and Myra tossed her arms around Arthur. She felt him flinch, but now it seemed like this was the only way she could show him how much she cared. \"I care too much to let anything happen,\" Myra said into his robes, \"and I feel it's my duty to look out for you; not as my king, but my family. I don't want to lose my family to evil magic any more than I have. And I especially don't want to become my mother!\"[Chapter 12] Chapter 12: Tensions Arthur stood still. With Myra holding him close to her, it was hard to move. But only just now, it was starting to hit him. Was Myra honestly willing to risk her life to protect him, against a force vastly superior to them? The idea, to him, was unfathomable. Myra was a princess, and a young witch who had barely touched her potential. How could she consider something like that when she had her own safety to think about? Of course, he could understand Myra not wanting to become like Morgan. After all she had sworn to use her magic for good. But, Arthur wasn't an idiot. He saw what hatred Myra was beginning to harbor for Morgan and her father. Merlin had said that magic can change people, and Arthur had never seen such rock-hard ambition in a person. Myra was determined to make sure that no danger came into his life, but, in the process, the worst could happen instead. That was the very last thing Arthur wanted for her. \"Be careful, Myra,\" was all he could say. \"You know what Merlin said about magic changing people.\" \"That's not going to happen,\" Myra stated. \"If anyone's going to change, it's going to be Morgan. She'll be a pile of smoldering ashes by the time I get through with her!\" Arthur sighed and pulled himself out of Myra's hug. \"I mean it, Myra. Be careful and open up your eyes more; before something bad happens to someone.\" With a turn of his heel, Arthur stalked off to the castle. \"Arthur, you don't understand,\" Myra said, going after him. \"Neither do you!\" he shot back, his face red and just a little bit damp. \"You think I don't care that you might get hurt? You're the only real family I've ever known, and I don't want to lose that so easily.\" \"So easily? Arthur, have you not seen what I can do with my magic? I levitated, burned up, and restored an entire bookshelf for heaven's sake! Come on! When we're a team, nothing can hurt us!\" \"What about what you said about not being able to trust even the world's most powerful wizard to win? Well, if that's what you think, Myra, then I'm not even sure I can trust you- with my life!\" Myra froze in the snow, looking after Arthur as he walked into the castle. How could that be? she wondered. He still won't allow me to be his guardian? Did he not get the message? He's king; it doesn't matter if I get a few battle scars as long as he can go on. Shaking her head, Myra sat down in the snow, not caring if she got her clothes all wet. One little question had turned their friendship sour, and almost instantly, Myra regretted even wanting to fan the flames the question had sparked from the beginning. If she had known that Arthur would be so angry about it, perhaps she wouldn't have even considered it. They were family, and royalty, and had to stay on good terms with each other for an effective kingship after all. \"I'm sorry,\" she muttered with a sigh. Why did this have to happen when she had to be looking out for Morgan? Myra's head shot up when she thought of Morgan. If the witch was still lurking around, then surely she might be able to see her coming. And when Myra did, she would go all out to show Arthur she was good enough to be a guardian. The grinding in her mind would be enough to tell her when she could prove herself to the naysayers. Excitement filling her, Myra stood up and returned to the library, where she and Arthur would be starting on their lessons again. Myra may have been excited about when she would have a vision but, after what she and Arthur had gone through that afternoon, she welcomed a distraction. All the rest of the day, Myra skimmed through the books she used during lessons, and practiced her magic like she was preparing for a battle in the next minute. Arthur watched her with contempt, and he never once addressed her during the lesson. Myra was sad that for now she couldn't discuss things with Arthur and Merlin as she pleased, but she was still bitter that Arthur didn't want her to be his guardian. Archimedes stuck by Myra the whole lesson, peering at her emotionless face. He wasn't usually one to watch too closely while Myra and Arthur studied, but he thought this was particularly strange. Myra's enthusiasm showed a lot during lessons, but her face was devoid of it. Curious, Archimedes stayed close and waited for a break in her expression, but not a twitch out of her. \"You say you're fine, girl, but I think different,\" Archimedes whispered to her. Myra didn't say anything; she only stared at her book, her feelings starting to show just a little. \"I don't know, Archimedes. I don't know,\" she said. \"What?\" Archimedes wanted to know. \"We shouldn't talk about it now,\" she said. \"We're in the middle of a lesson. I don't think Merlin would like the-\" \"Myra?\" Merlin prompted. \"Any ideas?\" Myra's head shot up and she met Merlin's gaze. \"Oh, no, Merlin. I was talking to myself.\" \"Yes, sure,\" Merlin said. \"Listen, Myra, see me after lessons. I think we ought to have a chat.\" Myra only nodded in response, and Archimedes flew back to his perch. After the lesson, shortly before supper, Merlin gathered Myra at the fireplace, where a fire was crackling gently. He offered her some tea, which Myra gratefully accepted. She sipped it slowly as Merlin pulled her into his conversation. \"Myra, is there something wrong?\" he asked. \"You were very quiet during lessons, so I'm wondering if there's anything I can do for you?\" \"I was sort of hoping you wouldn't ask, but…\" Myra finally said. Collecting her thoughts for a moment, she explained to Merlin what was happening between her and Arthur. Merlin leaned back in his chair, then looked back at Myra. \"I don't think it's up to me to tell you what you should do,\" he said, \"but I wouldn't push the matter. Arthur has enough on his plate right now, and so, it's my opinion that you simply leave the fighting and worrying for when it comes. I agree with Arthur, though. You are a princess, Myra, and it's your job to prepare for that position. I know how much you have become attached to him, but it's not your job to look after him.\" \"But, Merlin, I've told you. I think that if he and I fought together using my magic and the sword's, then there is even more likelihood that Morgan can be defeated. He's just worried about me getting hurt. Well, I won't.\" \"Myra, we're dealing with nasty business here. Morgan is not Mim. Morgan will fight until she has either you or Arthur's life in her hands, you know that.\" \"I do know that, but I'm also trying to see when she will come. That way, I can be prepared for her and boot her out of here before anyone gets hurt.\" \"The way I see it, Myra, you have gotten a little overconfident in your abilities. You can't rely on your visions to tell you when danger comes. Sometimes, I had a little help from Archimedes. He was the one who told me Arthur was in danger when he ran into Madam Mim. If it weren't for him, Arthur might be dead, and you wouldn't be here.\" Myra shook her head. \"I'm not overconfident. I just want to protect my family, and not turn on the path Morgan took.\" Merlin stared hard at Myra, with that kind of power that shook her to her core. She stayed still and didn't speak. \"Myra, how much do you want to protect Arthur? Actually, the better question is, how much do you want to destroy your mother?\" \"Very much both,\" Myra answered. \"But…then…\" Merlin put a hand on Myra's shoulder. \"We've already established what magic can do to its users,\" he said, a gentle warning inside his voice. \"And I think we've found out what it has done to you. Therefore, Myra, I'll not be teaching you magic for some time. You need time to focus on becoming a proper princess, and allowing for these events to unfold on their own.\" \"What?\" Myra cried, standing up; her tea cup rolled off the table and spilled near the fireplace. \"Merlin! The safety of this castle depends upon me continuing to master my magic. Arthur is in danger. I have to protect him!\" \"It's not up to you, Myra,\" Merlin said, frustration bubbling beneath the surface. \"Brains over brawn. Remember that before you hurt yourself. Especially before you hurt someone you care very much about. I hope you contemplate that soon.\" With a firm stare, Merlin stood up from his chair and left Myra at the fireplace with the cup still spilled. Myra looked down, feeling dejected. She didn't like this. First, she had upset Arthur, and now it seemed like Merlin was about to come undone too. Her gaze then wandered to the spilled tea lying near the fireplace. The flames' reflection danced tenderly on the liquid, making the tea look like spilled honey. But Myra was in no mood to take beauty of spilled tea into consideration. There was an unpleasant feeling in her stomach, almost sick. Now, she wished she hadn't spilled the tea, because then she could ease this feeling in time for supper with it. But, to no avail. Myra's miserable feeling didn't leave her for several more minutes, so she ultimately decided to not go to supper. Besides, what would she have to talk about with her friends, especially Arthur? He was mad enough at her as it was, so what point was there going when her friend was mad at her, and when she wasn't too hungry to begin with? Standing up from her chair, Myra left the library and went straight to her room, climbing the stairs up at snail's pace. All the way up, she thought of nothing but her inner conflicts. She wanted to please Arthur and Merlin, but she didn't want to leave them unprotected. And what with Merlin suspending magic studies for now, that only fed the flames. Myra felt a flash of anger flare through her, but thoughts of the day's arguments replaced that with dejection and sadness. Opening the door, Myra slammed it behind her and lay on her bed. After stifling a long yawn, she finally moved behind her changing screen to put on her night clothes and prepare for bed. She slugged through all of it, climbing back into her bed at long last. Blowing out the candle on her night table, Myra just lay there, letting her problems rage through her mind and settle themselves for the time being until she finally fell into sleep.[Chapter 13] Chapter 13: Cloudy Days For some time after, things were different between Arthur and Myra. They addressed each other at meals, but they didn't engage in conversation too much. The only thing that kept them speaking was Tabitha's happy laughter when she made messes with her food. It was something that all at the table had come to laugh at; even Archimedes got a chuckle out of it when he had a good night out. February gave way to March, and already the snow started to loosen up for coming buds and flowers in the landscapes. It dripped from the window panes, forming icicles when the weather turned cold for a day. They sparkled against the windows and, at moments during lessons, Myra would get distracted by the way the ice sparkled in the sun. But she was brought back to reality soon enough, when Merlin asked her to listen. Still, Myra couldn't help but daydream; she missed magic practice too much, and the days felt empty without flexing her magic muscles once. And, now was when Myra missed the long discussions about lessons and just plain conversation without the heavy tension in the air with Arthur. He felt the same way, but he worried that if at any point he talked to Myra she would bring up the guardian business again. Like always, that was the last thing he wanted to think or talk about; it made his stomach churn horribly every time. Myra's studies seemed to be doing some good for her though. She had found another outlet for some of her magic energy, and Merlin was praising her for how hard she was working since practice had been suspended; for the time being, Myra felt some sanity creep back into her life, although she still itched to practice. The second week in March marked a fortnight since Myra had formally practiced magic. But since magic had become second to her princess studies, with Merlin pushing knowledge into her mind, Myra actually felt like she could breathe a moment without thinking about Morgan or her wish to be a guardian to Arthur; normalcy was beginning to come back to her. But, that's not to say the thoughts hadn't totally exited all recesses of her mind. On occasion, Myra turned her gaze to the empty space of the library where she always worked so hard to perfect a spell. And for an instant, she would imagine herself casting magic onto some inanimate object close to her. It would easily dominate her mind and, thus, Myra missed a good part of a lesson. Merlin, however, began to notice more often and although he could tell what Myra was thinking of, he didn't dare allow her to practice magic anytime soon. By now, Myra was also accustomed to taking her afternoon breaks to walk around on the grounds. The fresh air helped to clear her mind, even on dark cloudy days like this, and it reminded her of the day she and Arthur had sled down the hill. I haven't heard him laugh like that since then, she thought. Gee, I wish I brought him out here with me. I'm sick of avoiding conversation, and it's definitely about time that I apologize for pushing him too hard about the guardianship. At that point, Myra had come to just that one hill. The tracks were gone with what had melted away, but she knew where they had been. She suddenly felt hollow inside thinking about it. \"I thought I'd find you out here.\" Myra breathed quickly for a second, but she exhaled when she recognized the voice. \"You know, I was hoping you'd show up,\" she said without turning around. \"Can we talk?\" Arthur asked. \"Oh, sure.\" Myra turned around and met her friend's eyes. \"And I'd like to talk to you too. It's…it's about the guardianship.\" Arthur's expression instantly turned sour. \"No, no, no, Myra, not that again! Please!\" He turned and put his hands to his temples, frustrated. \"It's not that,\" Myra answered. \"All right, well, it's sort of about that, actually. But…before you turn around and walk away, I just want to…\" \"What?\" Arthur turned back to her and looked her right in the eyes, waiting. Myra opened her mouth to speak further, but it was suddenly like her throat had closed up; the air gone from her lungs. Her skin felt numb, but it wasn't from the cold. Her eyes bugged out, and she put her hand to her throat. In painful silence, she waited for the images to come, for the intense searing of knives to tear at her brain. But, her mind was blank; black as midnight. Myra's body burned, and she fell into the snow, getting a mouthful. She tried to spit it out, but her muscles wouldn't listen to her. She shut her eyes in an attempt block out the inexplicable pain, but she only heard Arthur pound through the snow towards her. \"Myra! What's happening! Do you see something?\" Myra shook her head, writhing. She would've tried to speak, but whatever was happening to her wouldn't let her. All she could do was keep her eyes shut and fall deeper into the snow until the pain let up. \"I'll get Merlin!\" Arthur said, running towards the castle. He almost made it to the door, however, when in the blink of an eye, something- some one - appeared in front of him. Arthur jumped and immediately tried to run around the person, but was blocked by some invisible wall of sorts. He fell with an oomph! and didn't get back up for a moment. \"You've fallen,\" a woman's voice crooned. \"It's painful, isn't it?\" Arthur slowly regained his senses and focused on the woman. She was tall and slender, dressed head to toe in ornate purple robes, lined with gold and white satin. Long tendrils of silky raven hair tumbled to her waist, waving in the breeze like wisps of midnight smoke. She looked down on Arthur with eyes black as her hair, but there was a subtle, wicked glint to them. She was beautiful, but her voice and her sneer told Arthur that she was certainly not an everyday lady. \"You…\" Arthur started, getting to his feet. \"You're…you're Morgan.\" \"Morgan le Fay,\" the woman said. \"And you…you're…you're little King Arthur, aren't you?\" She mocked his frightened voice and pretended to cower away from him. \"What are you doing here?\" Arthur stood still, getting ready to run. \"Just thought perhaps I would drop by to visit my darling daughter.\" Morgan peered past Arthur at Myra, who was still writhing on the ground like a marooned fish. Arthur gasped, and, with an enraged glare, turned quickly back to Morgan. \"Stop it! Whatever you're doing to her, stop it!\" Morgan smiled, exposing two rows of gleaming, but vampire-like, teeth. \"Wonderful idea, boy. Do suppose you would like to have a taste?\" When Arthur gave her a funny look, she flashed her open palms at him and, in the next instant, Arthur felt his throat constrict and the air leave his lungs. His insides were on fire, and he collapsed into the snow as his skin instantly went numb. Morgan clapped her hands in a mockery of joy. \"I thought that it would look best on my daughter. Turns out a spell like that is divine on you.\" Whoosh! In a flash, Morgan was blasted backwards by a gust of wind that hit her square in the stomach. She fell on her bottom with a shiver in the snow, dazed but unharmed. She gave a short gasp of surprise when Myra stood up, her palms still cupped outward towards her. In her hands there was a swirling ball of gray wisps making quiet whispers in the air. \"Myra, darling!\" Morgan said, starting to stand up, \"how good to see you-\" \"Stay down!\" Myra shouted, hurling another round of gusts at Morgan, who immediately fell back down. With one hand, she hurled gusts at her mother while, with her other, gentle wisps of air to Arthur. With the air entering his throat, he stopped writhing around, caught his breath, and stood back up. He was about to run when suddenly, he moved into the same invisible wall as before. As he fell, he was dragged across the snow as if by an invisible rope, and came face-to-face with Morgan. \"Hello, Your Majesty,\" she said. \"I would curtsy, but my daughter has me on the ground at the moment.\" \"And for good reason,\" Myra added. \"You've tried to kill us twice, so why don't I just finish you now!\" \"Myra!\" Arthur protested. \"You can go ahead and try,\" Morgan said, \"but I highly doubt that you, with my magic in your veins, could do so.\" Myra's mouth was fixed in a cruel line on her face. \"Oh, I would. I swear on my grave that it will be so; I'm stronger than you think I am. I've nearly perfected every spell I've ever learned. In fact, maybe I could take you down to your grave this minute with what I can do.\" Morgan yawned. \"Oh, yes. Well, what's next, darling?\" \"Myra!\" Arthur said, \"what are you doing?\" \"I'm going to save us!\" Myra answered confidently. \"Oh? Really?\" Arthur said. \"To me, it looks more like you're trying to put on a show for her! You're not a perfect witch!\" \"Even your friend agrees with me,\" Morgan said with a laugh. \"But I don't have time for childish games. Myra, could you let me up, without any aggression?\" \"You liar!\" Myra said. \"You'll try and kill us again, I know it!\" \"I won't even try to tame that little flame you have inside you,\" Morgan answered. \"But, then, perhaps I can tame something.\" Myra stopped, frowning. \"Exactly what you think!\" Morgan cried, and from her open palms came a gust of wind as dark as her eyes. Myra was thrown off her feet by the blast, landing on her back. Quickly regaining herself, she threw the first spell she remembered at Morgan who circled Myra like a child playing with a friend. \"You can't do it, Myra,\" she said. \"Want to bet on it?\" Myra challenged, throwing a second spell at Morgan. \"Don't be so sure,\" Morgan said. \"You may have the same magic as I-\"she dodged another spell \"-but you're still a fledgling.\" \"You're lying to me again! I know what I can do. If Arthur would just let me, I would be his guardian.\" \"A fledgling witch can never be guardian to a great king, especially you, you little brat!\" \"Shut up!\" Myra shoved all her energy and anger into one spell, and she threw herself forward with her hands outstretched for release. A huge ball of electrical energy buzzed from her hands; she still felt the heat of her red-hot energy on her hands as she mentally pushed the spell out. Myra would teach Morgan that she was stronger than her; that she was stronger than any witch who would dare cross her path, or Arthur's, ever again! Still feeling the dangerous energy bubbling through her, Myra cupped her hands to prepare for another spell, perhaps even more powerful than the last one. She whispered the incantation, feeling the energy becoming reality with such an edgy power that she loved it. Then, when the energy fizzled out and the air cleared, Myra was ready. But what she saw; it caused the energy in her hands to die and fade away into the wind. Morgan was gone, but Arthur was there. The sword, retrieved from the throne, was in his hand, but it was glinting red. His hands and shoulder were smeared with it. Except, his shoulder was shinier with the red- sparkling as it spilled from his skin. Her heart flaring up, Myra ran to Arthur and pulled the sword from his hand. After tossing it aside, she pushed aside his blonde bangs and looked at his face. His left cheek was bruised, and his lip cut open. But down below, his clothes were slashed and his shoulder had a wide gash, still spilling blood. \"Arthur!\" Myra said loudly, vigorously rubbing his forehead where her hand still rested. \"Arthur, Arthur, can you hear me? Please, come on! Please wake up!\" She slowly took her hand away, and brought it to her mouth. \"Oh. Oh, no. No, no, no, no. What have I done? No you…you…you monster !\" She cried it out to the sky, on the verge of crying. \"Myra!\" another voice called out. Myra glanced up, and saw Merlin and Archimedes rushing towards her. Merlin's face was frantic, and he gasped when he noticed Arthur unconscious in the snow. He bent down and picked up Arthur's head in his hand. \"What's happened, Myra?\" \"Morgan!\" Myra answered frantically. \"Morgan was here! She tried to kill us, but I blocked her off with a spell. And…and I guess…I guess I got carried away.\" \"What? Oh…\" Merlin shut his eyes and his lips became fixed. He then turned back to Myra with a fire in his eyes that Myra hadn't seen before. \"Myra, I told you to watch what you did with your magic! I thought I could trust you to do that. Is it that hard of a task, to have an ounce of self control?\" \"I…I thought I could defeat her if I was strong enough.\" \"Myra!\" Merlin said loudly. \"How did you expect to overcome a great evil sorceress with a mindset like that, I'd like to know? Even with great magic like yours, you still have to use your head ! I've said this so many times before- look before you leap ! Magic can't do everything for you, and it especially- especially - isn't something to boast like you just did.\" \"I didn't mean to boast-\" \"Oh, yes you did, Myra! You led yourself to believe that your magic made you the most powerful witch around, that you could do anything without trying! I told you to watch out before you hurt someone. And, now, look at what you've done. Of all the idiotic stunts, Myra, this is the worst one you've pulled!\" \"I'm sorry, Merlin,\" Myra said, tears starting to well deeper in her eyes with every word Merlin said to her. \"Please, tell that to me and Arthur when you've really truly thought about all this,\" Merlin said, glaring at Myra as he carried Arthur inside with a glum-looking Archimedes close behind him.[Chapter 14] Chapter 14: Revelation Myra stayed where she was and, quite frankly, where she deserved- in the snow. She had become so dumbfounded by what happened that she just stared. She stared at the snow, letting the cold waft around her, breathing. That uncomfortable, almost painful, feeling formed in the pit of her stomach and, when it hit her, she sniffed, trying not to let the tears fall. In times like this it wasn't right to start crying- even if it felt like your insides had been ripped apart and you might not feel happiness for a while. How could she have been so stupid? She'd promised to do good with her magic, but now she felt like she had committed the worst. One careless spell- one stupid, hare-brained, measly, godforsaken spell- had once more cost her some friendship points. And now, they might as well be gone. After all, Myra had said she would think before she leapt but, when she just had to best things with her magic, her mind ran into the distance, and her judgment with it. Myra chastised herself by pounding her fists into her lap. She then threw them into the snow, picking up a fistful and throwing it far, far away. This wasn't a tantrum; it was an outlet for the intense anger that seared through her like one of her visions. Blast my visions! Myra thought. And blast my magic! If I'd never learned about any of this, Arthur and Merlin would be safe and Tabitha and I could be roaming free throughout England without a care in the world. Arthur could be ruling a safe, happy kingdom and Merlin wouldn't be teaching me the stupid magic in the first place! I'd be perfectly content not being a princess, and Arthur and Merlin would be perfectly happy without me ruining their lives, especially without getting them hurt! Myra lay back in the snow, letting the cold overtake her once more as she shut her eyes, and allowed for some tears to fall into the snow, staining her face. \"Forget who's looking, because, sometimes, if you have to cry- just cry.\" Those were the words of her mother, a woman that Myra once loved enough to die for. Now, that love was burned up in a furious hatred. Because her mother was a murderer, a deceiver, and a demon come to earth! One day perhaps she deserved to die a slow death, but that could wait until after Myra bore a bit of her soul to the unforgiving winter air. Finally, when the moon peeked out from behind the departing clouds, Myra was called inside for supper. She was hesitant to join, but the rumbling in her stomach was something she couldn't deny much longer. At the table, she was surprised to see only Merlin and Tabitha. It was a solemn atmosphere and, just seeing them there, Myra stopped in the archway and prepared to enter. Merlin beat her to it, turning to the archway and beckoning her over. \"Come on, join us, Myra. You're welcome over here.\" Taking a breath, Myra slowly entered the dining room and took her place at the table next to Tabitha who cooed excitedly at seeing her sister. \"Tabitha's glad to see you, Myra,\" Merlin pointed out. \"Good to see that,\" Myra muttered, slowly starting on her supper. \"Whoa. Wait. Where's Arthur?\" Merlin frowned at his plate. \"Have no fear; he's resting in his bedchamber. Unfortunately, his injuries were worse than we expected so someone had to bring him supper on a tray.\" \"No thanks to me,\" Myra mumbled miserably. \"I am by no means adding insult to injury, but you must admit, Myra, that was a nasty predicament he went through. Apparently, the spell was strong enough to knock the sword into his face and body.\" \"I don't want to talk about it,\" Myra said, not looking up. \"But, you know, Merlin, I'm thinking that maybe this whole thing wouldn't have happened if I hadn't showed up in your lives.\" \"What are you talking about, Myra?\" Merlin wanted to know. \"You know what I'm talking about,\" Myra answered, a bit more harshly than she intended. \"I mean that you and Arthur could be ruling this kingdom without much trouble at all without me. He could be signing pacts and sending out knights on crusade, and you could go on teaching him normal subjects, instead of helping me learn magic. With me in your lives, it's nothing but problems and chaos; especially with Morgan chasing us around all the time. And I'm sorry; for everything I've done.\" \"Nonsense, Myra,\" Merlin said. \"They say that people come into one another's lives for different reasons. If you hadn't come, we, nor you for that matter, would have learned of your rightful place as a princess. Maybe sooner or later you would've discovered your magic but, without me, you wouldn't have much guidance in learning to control it all. And then, if it weren't for either of you, Arthur wouldn't have known any real family. As far as we know, you and Tabitha are all that he has left.\" Myra looked up at last, the tiniest ounce of a smile showing on her face. \"So…do you forgive me for what I did?\" \"As long as you've learned your lesson, child,\" Merlin answered. \"And, one more thing. If Tabitha wasn't here now, I wouldn't be giving consideration to keeping the next child I rescue from a dangerous fate. Although, I wouldn't like keeping the smelly bottoms.\" He made a face as he looked at Tabitha, who giggled. Myra did too. Merlin shook his head as he laughed. \"It's been a long journey so far, and I'm proud of you,\" he added. \"But it's very far from being over.\" \"I know,\" Myra said. \"I still have to reconcile with Arthur. I've hurt him a lot, and I don't plan on losing him just yet to a stupid mistake.\" \"You'll make many silly mistakes in your lifetime,\" Merlin said. \"But, with the right people in it, you'll see things through till the end.\" \"Holding on until the end,\" Myra piped up. \"Couldn't have said it better myself.\" After supper ended, Myra slowly climbed the stone stairs to Arthur's bedchamber. She spent the walk preparing for fireworks, because no doubt Arthur had been told what happened. And no doubt after this, there would never be the slightest consideration of making Myra his guardian. It wouldn't surprise me, she thought, because that was one spell I wish I had never cast. At the door Myra suddenly felt sick, like perhaps she had eaten some bad meat at dinner. The chicken she had did taste a little odd, but that was the least of her worries. After tonight, it would be all or nothing- friendship or not at all. For several moments she just stared at the dark cherry wood of the door and allowed for her thoughts to get back in order. But even when she did, she still found herself shaking as she knocked on the door. \"Arthur? Hello?\" she called gently. There was the sound of a bed creaking, and a sharp shh-sting sound as curtains were drawn aside. \"Myra?\" he called back. \"Listen, um, can…can I come in?\" She wrung her hands nervously, shivering. There was a hesitant silence before Arthur finally answered, \"Sure.\" Pushing the door open, Myra tried to breathe evenly but she was so nervous that she took baby steps into the room, her slippers not even making a peep as she moved. With a shaky breath she finally came in sight of Arthur, who was lying in a grand and ornate bed of the finest Myra had never seen. Velvet red curtains hung, framing the tall headboard that was decorated just like the throne- golden, jewels speckled here and there, and topped with an enormous crown. Below the splendor lay Arthur, who was still and delicate as glass under rustled blankets of embroidered silk and satin. \"Arthur?\" Myra prompted, stepping closer to the bed. Arthur turned his head and opened his eyes. With a hollow breath, he nodded to acknowledge her presence. \"Hello, Myra.\" \"Do you feel all right?\" She sat down on the bed next to him, resting her palm on the silky sheets; they felt heavenly. \"Well, aside from the bandages and the cuts-\" he glanced at the bandages and bruises beneath his night clothes \"-I feel just fine. It just feels like this whole thing-\" \"Don't say a word, I know what you're going to say,\" Myra interrupted, waving her hands in front of her dismissively. \"You're in this mess because of me, and I know that. It was a very bad idea, I shouldn't have been so selfish, and…I'm sorry.\" Arthur shook his head, a frown crossing his face. \"All right, Myra. That is part of it, but you missed something. After all that I told you, I still can't believe what you did. I meant what I said, Myra, and then you…you just got so careless.\" Myra nodded somberly. \"I know. And believe me, Arthur. What I did has practically torn me apart, because I did the very opposite of what I wanted. I never meant to hurt you, especially not like this.\" \"Well, then maybe you should've thought of that before you used magic,\" Arthur said. \"You knew what you were getting us into when Morgan showed up, and you still decided to make it worse. I told you, Myra, that you aren't a perfect witch, and clearly you have no idea what this has done.\" \"No, I have an idea,\" Myra answered, fixing Arthur with a firm expression. \"Not only did I hurt you on the outside, but on the inside too. You didn't trust me to be your guardian, and this has definitely blown it all up. Now, you probably don't want me as a friend. I realize my mistake, and I hope you know that.\" Arthur inhaled and exhaled deeply, keeping his gaze on Myra for several moments. \"I am mad at you, Myra, but that doesn't mean you're not my friend now. I just wish you would've thought about what you were doing before you jumped into it. I can't tell you how much Merlin told me brains were more important than brawn. I'd say you were using a lot more brawn than brains.\" Myra nodded sadly again, remembering that all too well. \"That's right. I did just fire random spells at her. I guess all I thought of was showing Morgan how much stronger I could be than she was. But what I really did was let her get away, and you get hurt. But, you did have the sword. I wonder if you would still be all right if you didn't have it at that moment.\" \"I actually thought to go get the sword and do something for myself,\" Arthur clarified. \"The sword could have been the thing to stop Morgan. And if you had listened to me when you could, we could've worked together again to get rid of her.\" Myra inhaled deeply, remembering how much she wanted to work with Arthur to defeat Morgan. But, once again, brawn overcame brains and she tried to literally have all the power in the matter. She felt slightly sick again. A mistake like this could have been so easily prevented had she just listened and not thrown away everything that Merlin had taught her. Thinking of this only made Myra hate herself, and her magic, even more. \"I cannot believe I fought so hard to fight alongside you, and yet I tried to take it all upon myself!\" Myra grumbled. \"But look, Arthur, if it made things any better between us, I would gladly ask Merlin to not teach me magic at all anymore. I don't feel much like being a witch when I can't even do it right.\" Arthur looked at her with wide, surprised eyes. \"Now then, if you stopped being the hard-working happy girl I know, I might as well just ask you to leave the castle.\" \"Even then I could probably join the church or something.\" Arthur shook his head again, a smile at the corner of his lips. \"No, you wouldn't do that; you're too happy here. And what about Tabitha? Would you leave her behind while you were free? Do you think you would leave us behind?\" Myra stopped. Arthur was right; what about Tabitha? She was still so young, and was so attached to her sister. Merlin said he liked her, but she somehow couldn't picture him caring for her the rest of her life. \"Holding on till the end,\" she whispered. \"Why do I keep forgetting that?\" \"Brawn getting in the way?\" Arthur suggested, shrugging. \"Yes,\" Myra replied. \"And again, Arthur, I really am sorry. Right now, I'm willing to do anything it if makes things right again. I feel so stupid that it took harming my very best friend to get this through to my mind.\" With a deep sniff, a lonely tear appeared and left a wet trail on her cheek. It fell slowly and plopped down on the bed, leaving a large wet circle in the silk Arthur looked sadly at the tear in the sheet. \"Merlin always said that love is the greatest force on earth. It makes us do things.\" Myra sniffed before she grinned. \"You are my family. I'd die for you if I had to.\" Slowly, she found her hand lingering near Arthur's bandaged hand and her fingers grazed the rough bands. Arthur gasped when he felt Myra's fingers touch the bandage; not because it stung, but he felt his heartbeat speed up. Myra may have made some big mistakes in the past, but she was willing to give up everything, even her life, for him. Of course, she had said that last time before she made this one big error but, that one little tear in the bed sheet said everything. His friend meant it from her heart that she wouldn't mess up again; what better truth could you find in that? \"Me too,\" Arthur replied. Myra met his gaze again and, with a loud and joyous laugh, tossed her arms around Arthur. Unfortunately, she accidentally pressed down on his injuries and Arthur tensed up with the brief pain. \"Ow, ow, ow,\" he said, wincing. \"Oops, sorry,\" Myra said, getting back up. Arthur chuckled, reaching up to tend to his wounds. Myra reached to touch his hand again, and fixed her mouth into a determined frown. \"I'm not your guardian, Arthur, but I still think that we ought to still fight together if Morgan comes back.\" She looked down sadly at Arthur's bandaged wounds. \"I'm surprised Merlin didn't teach me a healing spell. You could really use one right now. \"I think you're right,\" Arthur answered. And then, from down in the lobby, Myra's ears picked up the sound of a hard knocking at the doors. She gasped and glanced up, looking towards the bedchamber door. \"Who could that be?\" she whispered. \"I didn't see the doors, so, maybe this is just a visitor.\" \"I hope,\" Arthur added. Myra nodded her agreement, and then stood up from the bed. \"I'm going to go investigate. If it's not an intruder, I'll go to the library and look up a healing spell. It might be the only way to save this kingdom- right now!\"[Chapter 15] Chapter 15: A Return Creeping down the stairs, Myra willed her heart to stop beating so fast. She shouldn't be scared when she had to find a spell that would heal Arthur. Perhaps it was just a visitor knocking. But what would a visitor be doing here when, clearly, Arthur hadn't sent for any messengers in the past few hours? Or it could be a blind man who mistook the castle for his humble cottage. She hoped it was the latter. As much as Myra didn't want to think of it, she wondered if…if she was returning. She almost immediately dismissed the idea, because not once did she have a vision of her coming. But, she hadn't seen Morgan coming before she had attacked the last time… Myra froze in her tracks, instantly frightened. She almost expected the doors to barge open and evil magic seeping through in that minute. But when they didn't, she continued into the halls and sped towards the library's stairwell. Whatever was at the door, she didn't intend to make it her business. Not after what she had promised to Arthur. \"Myra!\" She froze once more, craning her head towards the doors just down the hall from her. They stood tall and strong and wooden, but, suddenly, they seemed to be creeping slowly towards her in the stillness. \"Myra!\" Myra jumped, her heart leaping into her throat. Once she swallowed it back down, she looked back and forth between the doors and the stairwell before her. It was tempting to answer the door, as the voice was forcing long lost memories into her mind; not quite visions, but old images of the past. Part of her was now screaming to race to the door to answer it, but the other part was still and tense. Did she dare answer to something that could endanger her? Not when the voice was so familiar and endearing to a dormant part of her… Myra pushed away from the stairwell and made for the doors. With the voice behind them, they seemed to be taunting her, luring her to some unknown future. She felt a mix of uncertainty and curiosity, but she didn't feel the need to run just yet. \"Hello?\" Myra pressed her ear to the wood and gently caressed it with her hands in anticipation of an answer. \"Myra,\" the voice said back, an uncertain sound in her ears. \"Who…who are you?\" Myra asked, her heart beating against her chest. \"It's me, my little girl. Oh, no. You didn't forget me, did you?\" Myra answered no, shaking her head. She knew who this mysterious person was, but she was testing the boundaries. People like him, on the other side of the door, could be deceiving, even fatal. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I'm here to get back my two daughters,\" he answered. \"You ran away from me, and now I want you to come back.\" Myra heard that hint in her father's voice. It was the voice that was so smooth and endearing- the voice he had when he had a real family; if it had ever been real to start with. A flash of memories clung to her mind, of the times when she and her father would give hugs and kisses whenever they saw each other, of when they played and talked and laughed. Suddenly she could clearly hear it- the laughter- like it was occurring right at that moment. It seeped into her heart like blood itself, and Myra was more than tempted to open the door. Her hands reached for the handle, fingers clenched around it. \"Please, Myra, my girl. Let me in. I don't know in heaven's name how you ended up here, but I want you to come back home.\" Myra clenched her teeth. He was talking to her again- like she was a tiny child who would run into his arms and never let go. Gone was the gruff, monster-like rumble. She was remembering how he laughed when they tumbled in the grass, how he smiled when she did something good, holding her when she shed a bitter tear through a bruise on her knee... \"You shouldn't be afraid. It's just your father.\" He was right. He was just her father. Myra pushed on the door, drowning out all traces of the horrifying memories of the drudgery, and the hovering threat of death… And there he stood, his graying hair sticking up like bent grass, and his clothes tattered and sooty from the coal and fire of blacksmithing. His face was sunken and wrinkled, but beneath that, Myra noticed the glow of a smile. \"Myra,\" he whispered. \"Papa,\" Myra answered, letting the sight of her father sink into her. She never thought it'd be this short a time in which she would see him again. And now, did she remember. The soot, the sunken face. The axe. \"What are you doing here?\" she asked again, peering carefully at him. \"To get back my little girls,\" he answered once more. \"Get back?\" Myra shook her head in confusion. \"But, whoa, wait. How did you find us here?\" \"I went around and searched every place I could. I asked everyone I found and they couldn't tell me where you were. And, somehow I felt you wouldn't ever leave London, so, after I'd searched the entire city, I realized I never did what I should've done to begin with.\" Myra was starting to get frightened. She knew her father had been like this before her mother's supposed death, but she was also expecting some hostility from him. It was almost like something had possessed him. Her father shook his head sadly. \"I couldn't believe that I hadn't simply come to the castle. The king is still a child, but he's the king nonetheless. I would've asked him to send out every last soldier he had to find you and Tabitha. It could've cost me my life, but I would continue to ask him until he found my daughters. And now, here you are!\" Myra found that all this time, she hadn't absorbed any of what her father said. She was too preoccupied seeing how he smiled with such joy at the corners of his mouth that she couldn't quite believe it all. He had that kind of warm, comfortable sense to him, but Myra wasn't quite ready to trust that. She remembered all too well how this same man had tried to murder her and her baby sister with an axe! But, wait. He had said he was willing to pester the king until he had to be hung for the sake of peaceful silence, just to find his daughters again. Did he really have that kind of wanting for his remaining family? \"Would you really do that?\" Myra asked, stepping forth once more to test the boundaries. Her father then reached forward and wrapped Myra in such a hug that she found her doubts being squeezed right out of her. He rubbed her hair in gentle strokes, his other hand holding her close, but not so close that she was still uncomfortable. In fact, Myra found she was happy back in her father's arms, and in a fraction of a second, her arms found their way into the embrace. She felt that old, warm surge of protective energy there, and suddenly, the terrifying past didn't mean anything to her. In this moment, she had her old father back. \"It's so wonderful seeing you again,\" Amos said. \"Come, Myra. Let's go back home, if you'll go and fetch Tabitha.\" Go back home? That question was unanswerable to Myra. Life in the castle was what she was now accustomed to. And what with Morgan's presence around the castle, Myra couldn't do it. She couldn't abandon Arthur, or any of her friends. Not when he needed her right now. It took Myra several, thoughtful- painful- minutes before she could finally say something. \"No,\" she said. \"No, Papa. I can't go back home.\" Her father pulled her out in front of him, looking at Myra like she had lobsters crawling out of her ears. \"You can't be saying that now, Myra. You've been missing for months. Don't you want to come back home with me where you can be with your family again?\" \"You don't understand, Papa,\" Myra said. \"My family is here. Me, Tabitha, and…and…\" She paused, not sure how to break the news that she was royalty. \"And…?\" Amos pressed her. \"Brace yourself, Papa,\" Myra said. \"You'll be surprised about this.\" She proceeded to tell him all about how Tabitha had been lost, but then she had entered the castle, only to meet Arthur and Merlin and Archimedes. She grinned as she told him how she and Arthur had become best friends, and finally, her identity as a princess and a witch. Amos shook his head. \"Where are you getting all this from, Myra?\" \"Merlin did some research,\" Myra explained. \"Mama is Arthur's half-sister. And, believe it or not, she's still alive, and a witch like me. Except she's not a good witch. She's been attacking this castle so she can get to me and Arthur.\" \"That's not possible,\" Amos said. \"She's been dead for over a year now. Myra, this just can't happen. Morgan isn't- wasn't- a witch. And neither are you. Magic doesn't exist.\" \"I can show you,\" Myra stated confidently. And so she turned to a rock somewhere on the courtyard and took a breath to say the spell. But the breath wouldn't come. Numbness overtook Myra's arms before she could direct the magic. It spread through her body and into her legs. A taste like iron came to her tongue, and she sputtered as the air whooshed out of her lungs. \"Myra!\" Amos cried, rushing to grab his daughter before she fell. \"What's happening?\" \"Arthur,\" Myra gasped. \"Go get Arthur. Save the king!\"[Chapter 16] Chapter 16: Red Spell Arthur was yanked from a drowsy state in his bed when he heard the heavy door slam open. \"Myra?\" he asked, his eyes half closed. \"Your Majesty?\" a desperate voice shouted. \"Where are you? Are you in here?\" \"Sure,\" Arthur murmured, still half-conscious. In less than a second, Arthur saw a strange gray-haired man rush into his vision. His eyes were wide, nearly bloodshot, and staring right into Arthur's. Arthur jumped backwards into the thick wooden headboard, sending a lightning-speed bolt of pain through his head. \"Your Majesty!\" the man yelped, throwing himself after Arthur. Arthur sat back up and rubbed his messy hair, wincing with the sting in his head. \"Whoa, wait. Who are you? What's going on?\" \"Forgive me, Your Majesty,\" the man said, bowing his head. \"But, please, you must come with me. My daughter's in trouble.\" \"What do you mean?\" Arthur asked, still hurting from his injuries and the all-too much blow to his head. In his state of mind, everything was a hazy daze, like he was standing apart from his body. \"Papa! Arthur!\" A squeaky voice rose through the air. It took seconds for the man to register the voice, but inexplicably, Arthur's blood ran cold listening to the distressful call. An image zipped through his mind, searing across him like a great blade; a girl grasping her throat, her face blue and her eyes about to pop from her sockets like eggs from a robin. Sucking in air, Arthur's mind screamed to race for the door. But the red-hot pain that flashed through his hands and shoulders had him pinned to the bed. The bandages suddenly felt heavy, like anvils tied to his body. \"Your Majesty, please, hurry!\" the man yelled. \"Please, we must hurry! Myra!\" He turned and yelled out the window to her, hearing another strangled yelp escape her throat. It sounded like a tiny puppy trapped under a fallen tree, calling out with all it had under the roaring of thunder. And then, outside the window, a low rumble sounded from not too far away. The clear night sky with twinkling stars slowly darkened, leaving the dense, ominous heaviness that comes before a great storm. Arthur grunted, and pulled at himself to stand up from the bed, but the bandages were holding him down until he was actually sinking into the mattress. \"What's happening to you?\" The man pulled at Arthur's bandages, but he reared back when he felt the rough bands. They were still white and bloody, but now made of solid rock! Arthur gasped loudly when he recognized the work done upon the bandages. But it turned into a choppy breath when he felt the bandages squeeze tighter against his hands. His fingers slowly turned pink, then fuchsia, and finally a light purple. \"Ah!\" he cried out, as the bandages squeezed tighter against his hands. His skin burned, bolts of pain slashing at him. \"Go!\" he yelled over his pain. \"Go to Myra!\" The man didn't waste any time. He bolted from the bed's side, and threw the door open. It banged violently against the wall when he tossed it aside, reverberating as loudly as the growing thunder outside. \"Merlin!\" Arthur yelled. \"Merlin!\" In an instant, there was a great flash of sparks and light, and Merlin popped into the room, quickly readjusting his hat. \"What? What's happened?\" he said, before he laid eyes on Arthur in front of him, who was practically screaming as the demonic bandages squeezed hard enough to crack bone. His eyes flicked rapidly to the window, where flashes of lightning forked the sky. Thunder rattled the windowpanes, and the ground under Merlin's feet shook. Not wasting a second, Merlin dashed to Arthur and, tapping the bandages with his wand, cried out some words Arthur couldn't understand. The bandages cracked like the lightning bolts, finally breaking apart. They fell to the bed in hundreds of pieces, soaked with the blood of the old bands. Pushing through the pain, Arthur rose from the rocky bed and started for the door, which was indented in the wood from where it hit the stone wall. \"Come on, Merlin! Myra's in trouble!\" \"Yes, I knew I sensed trouble around here,\" Merlin agreed, turning back to face the window. \"From the looks of it, Mim is certainly not the one returning.\" \"Worse than that,\" Arthur said. \"I have to get the sword.\" \"Don't hurt yourself, lad!\" Merlin said, rushing after Arthur. \"That horrible witch won't do anything to me, or Myra!\" Arthur said determinedly, barreling down the stairs. \"Not this time!\" \"You won't go out there alone,\" Merlin added. \"I'll go with you.\" \"Thank you, Merlin,\" Arthur said, \"but I think this is up to me and Myra.\" \"Should it only be up to you? Myra may do something dangerous.\" After they reached the throne room, Arthur purposefully started for the sword resting on the throne, its ordinary blade glinting gently. \"We defeated Morgan once together. And I promised Myra- if something happened, I would fight with her. She said she would die for me if she had to, so I have to be there to help her. I almost lost my family before, and I won't let it be taken from me again!\" With fiery determination in his heart, he reached for the handle…[Chapter 17] Chapter 17: Deathly Vision Through all the treacherous pain and the grinding in her mind, Myra sensed a lingering peacefulness. Her heart felt like it could stop any minute, but there was still that gust of air blowing into her lungs, chilling her blood. It penetrated through to her skin, and she shivered. By this time, she had stopped fighting what was overtaking her. Numbness filled every part of her, and she slowly felt the grinding become one with that numbness. The coming vision was turning into something completely different from what was the norm. It was like she was drifting away from herself, and yet, to something wholly part of her; very much indescribable. All she knew was that she wasn't quite awake anymore. Or, was she? The vision had taken on full form, she knew that, but it felt like such reality that she couldn't dismiss the notion of dreaming. It was like she had been pulled into her mind, with her body waiting outside of it. The space around her was light, and full of sunshine. The sky overhead was blotchy with crisp clouds, drifting across a canvas of clean blue, so beautiful that angels could dance on top of them. And underneath, there was a wide expanse of wafting water, splashing on white sand. White sand, right at her feet. Myra leapt back when she felt the water splash onto her feet. It was cold, but surreally gentle. Waves crashed up to her ankles, and gradually, Myra felt the calm urge to wade deeper into the water. It was beautiful, and just the sort of place she wanted to be when the grinding and the powerful spell had tortured her so. Into her nostrils, the sweet smell of dewy grass came. Taking a curious sniff, Myra turned on her heel and saw, just behind the wide shore, a massive space of rolling hills and trees and flowers. The sun made the leaves shine like the water, and a cool breeze made the grass and flowers bend in unison with the ocean behind her. The salty air and the grass's dewy scent came together and Myra's heart felt like it was floating on air. The wind whooshed through her ears and her hair, tickling her cheeks, and for a short moment, she laughed, long and hard- just like when she and Arthur had sled down the snowy hill not too long ago. To Myra's surprise, a particularly strong gust of wind nudged her forward off the sandy beach. Her bare feet touched the grass, which seemed to caress her cut and bruised skin the way that the coat of a kitten feels against a tired hand. It blew gently against her legs, and she sighed and laughed all at once. The sun sweetly touched her bruised back and she closed her eyes, allowing the overwhelming beauty to close in on her. She kept them closed, breathing in the cool wind and the smells of the ocean. It was almost like the whole land was bending itself to surround her and hold her in its heavenly hands, like a baby in the loving arms of her mother. Almost hypnotically, Myra let her legs carry her further into the hills and flowers bending in the wind. Over the sound of the wind, she heard the faraway chimes of sparrows and cicadas, and the leaves rattling together in a melody that was so calming and fitting with the beauty around her, that Myra just fell. She fell, and fell, until she reached the grass. The sun kissed her face and the flowers bent to meet her. Myra felt her heart float away with what was left of her imagination, and let it. Even the grinding in her mind didn't mean anything to her anymore. Not even the weeping of several people. Myra blinked her eyes twice, and looked into the wispy clouds passing overhead. She stood up from the grass, and followed the weeping to the tops of the hills behind her. At the top, there was a procession of people marching. Several women were carrying bouquets of flowers of all kinds, some of them matching the exotic ones Myra had laid in. Myra expected the procession to be short, but she watched as row after row of women walked along the hills, looking down solemnly into their flowers and to the ground. Several of the women were even crying. Must be a funeral procession, Myra guessed. For another minute or so, she watched the procession march on. But when she didn't see anything too interesting happen, Myra strode quickly past the crying women. She stumbled sometimes over some rocks on her way, so great was her curiosity about the event. Finally, she came close to the front of the parade, which was moving into a great valley- one even greater than the one Myra had just been in. The sun twinkled over the vast expanse of green fields and flowers, broken in the middle by a small lake. Trees were placed in rows, speckling the fields. It was so beautiful, that even as the procession marched onward without her, Myra couldn't take her eyes off it. \"Whoa!\" Myra jumped back, in response to whatever fell right in front of her. Curious, she glanced upward and looked into the clumps of green leaves in the tree above. Large fruits hung from the branches, and sometimes swung in the breeze that blew through them. Furrowing her eyebrows, Myra glanced down and picked up the object that had fallen down, glinting in the glare of sunlight. An apple. Perfect and round and red, with a short brown stem with a lonely baby leaf still attached to it. They're all apple trees, Myra thought. Holding the apple in her hand, Myra yelped in surprise at the moving crowd and kept following them. They moved down into the fields, stopping to rest just before the lake. The crowd dispersed around the lake, and, finally, Myra saw what the procession was all about. Accompanied by four men dressed in fine clothes, was a slim bed, almost like a coffin, adorned with flowers and wreaths. The flowers and ribbons wavered gently in the wind, and glittered like the apples' skin in the gentle sun. And lying upon the bed, amidst the flowers and finery, lay a man of about thirty or so. He was dressed in the most amazing robes Myra had ever seen, and all the finery he must have ever owned. His eyes were peacefully closed, and his blonde hair was gently falling in his face with the breeze. Who is that? Myra wondered. He seemed to be familiar to her, but she couldn't place where. Her thoughts bounced off the hills, seeming to echo throughout the valley, and mixing with the voices of the women's thoughts all around her. And then, the long grasses bent towards the coffin at the lake. The flowers curled towards the man, as a breeze blew through his hair. His form seemed to shift, as another gust of wind picked up the petals of all the flowers adorning his coffin. The petals gathered together in a swirling vortex over him, swirling upwards in a graceful twirl. And when they got high enough, the petals just broke apart, and slowly fell to earth again. As the petals gently fell back down over the man, Myra heard whispers. The whispers came through her, and then reverberating off of the mournful women around the lake. They seemed to be whispering to her, \"Av…valon…Av…valon… \"…Avalon…\" Avalon, Myra said inside her mind, perhaps that's what this place is called. She nodded as she turned her head back to the bed, where a young boy with messy blonde hair and an extraordinary sword lay. Myra sucked in a great gulp of air, and broke into a run towards Arthur, lying on the bed where the man used to be. Her heart halted quickly as she came to a sickening realization. The man was Arthur, lying dead on a coffin and brought to be buried here on Avalon. Myra threw herself at the coffin and opened her mouth to scream at Arthur. He couldn't be dead. Not yet, and not here! It couldn't be! But no breath or words came from her mouth. Still, Myra tried and tried to make the words come to her, anything to make Arthur wake up and hear her! She forced them to come until her throat was parched dry, and her eyes began to sting. \"Leave it alone, Myra. He can't hear you. He's dead now.\" Myra shoved the voice away with her hand, throwing it in the direction it had come. She refused to listen to it; no one would tell her that about her best friend! She opened her mouth to say \"Go away!\" but the words didn't come out, not even in a breath. \"Listen to me, darling. You must leave. There's nothing you, or your magic, can do for him. Not while you dwell here.\" Myra shook her head as her hands reached Arthur's, and her tears began to fall on them. His own hands were bloody and torn apart, just like when Morgan had come back to get them. Morgan… Myra turned, and looked up at the woman speaking to her. And she yelped in surprise and fright. Morgan was looking down on her and Arthur, a kind smile on her face and her eyes rimmed with tears of her own. Myra opened her lips again to tell the woman off, but she was silent once more. \"Don't fear me, darling,\" Morgan said; her lips moved, but her voice came from somewhere else, echoing off the hills. \"Me, my sisters, and the inhabitants of Avalon are here to mourn the great king's death. We've carried him to this island after he fought to his death in the Battle of Camlann. He and his son fought a dreadful battle, and this is where our king shall be buried. He has done well, so we shall say goodbye.\" \" NO !\" Myra lunged at Morgan to push her out of her way and away from Arthur, but she felt nothing. Her hands had passed right through Morgan. \"Go, Myra,\" Morgan said. \"Leave this place.\" Myra cried out again, and grabbed Arthur's wounded hands once again. But she couldn't touch him. His hands, his body, were as ghostly as Morgan was. Myra shook her head, her body shaking, and her heart breaking. She couldn't believe this! This couldn't happen! Arthur couldn't die, not even as a man fighting in battle. He had to live! And I'll see to it! Myra thought. When Morgan comes back, I'll protect him until I'm the one being carried to Avalon. Myra swore her protection until, at long last, the grinding slashed at her in her mind, and she doubled over on the ground next to the coffin. The pain and numbness yanked her from her place there, and for several moments, she was caught in a dense fog as the space seemed to melt around her. And then she gasped, her eyes shooting open. The grinding was done. For good.[Chapter 18] Chapter 18: The Giving of the Magic Arthur's fingers grasped the sword, clenched around the golden handle tightly as he could. And as quickly as he had grabbed it, the magical warmth touched him like the sun on a winter day. Some tiny sparkles wafted around his hand as he lifted the heavy sword from the seat of the throne, spreading along the blade. The steel glowed with heavenly light, shining brightly enough to illuminate the entire room. With the sword in his hand, Arthur's determined face glowed with the semblance of a mighty god, and Merlin couldn't deny that he was impressed by his pupil's spirit- his courage in stepping into this. Taking the first step, Arthur held the sword tighter and dashed from the room and towards the lobby. His footsteps thundered against the floor, the sword waving gently as he ran that quickly. The sword was really heavy in his spindly arms, but that was the very least of his worries. Even from inside the castle, he could hear Myra's screaming and it chilled him to the very bone to hear her making such inhuman sounds. He knew visions hurt, but this one had to be close enough to practically kill her. Arthur's heart just about stopped at the thought. At last he reached the doors. Passing the sword to one hand, Arthur used the other to pull at one door. He expected the door to swing open easily, but it didn't. Arthur gave it another hard tug, but even after several seconds of grunting, the door wouldn't give way. Frustrated, Arthur took hold of the sword in both hands, pulling it back for a great swing. He kept his eyes on the door, breathing evenly for what he was about to do. \"All right,\" he said, taking in a breath. \"I can do this.\" Hefting the great sword in his arms, he stumbled backwards and then swung himself forward. The blade swung down faster than he expected, and Arthur let out a surprised yelp as the sword glowed to powerful life, and broke through the doors like they were made of paper. They fell down into the courtyard, now soaked with the rain. A cloud of red and yellow lightning drifted around the doors as they lay in the rain, amid an even larger silver cloud of lightning. The silver lightning disappeared with a loud hiss, almost like a defeated scream. Even above the loud crackle of thunder, Arthur heard Myra's screams clearly as day. He wiped the raindrops from his face and hefted the sword in his hands again to find his friend. She couldn't have gone this far in the rain- that much he knew. \"Ahhh!\" A sudden scream forced Arthur to jump back into the doorway, almost dropping the sword in the process. He glanced with surprise at the fallen doors in front of him. A bruised and battered hand had burst from the wood, and began to grope around desperately. Arthur jumped again, but his eyes widened even further when he recognized what lay beneath the rubble. He bent down, let go of the sword, and began to pull the mess aside. Finally, he uncovered an arm, followed by a head of messy brown hair. It looked like a bird's nest perched upon the blue-and-black face of a mad looking girl. \"Myra!\" Arthur was shocked to see her, especially when she looked like a raggedy mole. Myra's face was dazed and still. Slowly, her eyes widened and an enormous grin broke out on her face as she threw herself forward. Arthur fell backwards as his heart took a leap in seeing his best friend. Myra's arms locked around Arthur, and she made a sound like she was tearing up. And she was. \"I can't tell you how glad I am to see you!\" Myra said through her tears. \"I thought…I thought the worst had happened to you.\" \"What do you mean?\" Arthur asked. \"I thought you were the one in trouble, not me.\" Myra gasped and pulled back from her embrace. \"Oh, gosh! Arthur, your hands! How…how? How in the world did you manage to blast the doors down, when they-\" Arthur's eyes widened as he lifted his hands to eye view. Myra had the same reaction when she glanced at them. His hands were completely healed. Not a scar or a cut anywhere. The skin was pure and clean, like they had never touched a knife's blade or anything at all. \"How did…?\" Myra's voice trailed off as she reached for Arthur's hands. She looked them all over, and her eyes never stopped widening. Arthur glanced at his side, where the sword lay. Taking it in one hand, the handle gentle blazed red and yellow light, drifting in wisps around where his fingers touched the gold. In the light, his skin once again took on the look of a pure angel, even in the rain. Myra sucked in a deep breath in surprise. \"The sword? Oh…my word, that's incredible. Did you…?\" Arthur shook his head, still staring at the amazing sword. \"No, I didn't know. I can't believe it. I…I thought this sword was wonderful before, but…it's…I just don't believe it.\" Myra shook her head in agreement, but the heavenly glimmer of the sword made her remember the vision. It took a lot of her willpower to not cry, and even more to push it out of her mind. It was too real, however, for her to still dismiss as a vision, and to her, it felt like any moment, she would see Arthur lying on a coffin of flowers and memory wreaths. She had to turn away to finally rid herself of the memory, but in the process, she actually did start crying again. \"Myra? What's wrong?\" Arthur wanted to know. Myra shook her head. She didn't want to risk letting loose her feelings right now. The vision was too horrible for her to speak of, especially to Arthur- to anyone. But, her hands- from when the vision and Morgan's spell had taken her by surprise- were battered and bruised from banging the ground so hard. What if…? \"Nothing, it's-\" Myra turned around and lifted her hands to the light of the sword \"-it's my hands. They hurt a lot from Morgan's spell.\" Arthur took in some fast air, but he was still quick to react. He lifted the sword, and held it out to Myra. \"Take it,\" he said. \"It'll heal you.\" Myra smiled gratefully as she took the sword, preparing for the warm blaze. She was ready to soar with the glorious feeling the healing was sure to give her. But nothing came, not even the tiniest spark of light. Both Arthur and Myra's grins immediately dropped. Arthur took the sword and looked it over and under. \"Well, that's strange,\" Arthur remarked. \"I guess…\" \"It is your sword,\" Myra finished. \"Maybe it was only meant to heal you. It's all right, though.\" Arthur shook his head at the sword in pity. \"What? That's not…Oh, I'm sorry, Myra.\" \"I said it's all right,\" Myra repeated. \"These bruises can heal themselves.\" \"Not when I'm finished with you!\" Arthur and Myra leapt off their feet and turned to the voice that had frightened them so. And they both almost screamed when they saw her. \"Myra, darling! So good to see you again. And in such peak condition.\" She sneered subtly before she reached a hand behind her back, and pulled out something. More like some one . \"Myra!\" the captive yelped in a strangled and hoarse voice. \"Help me!\"[Chapter 19] Chapter 19: Morgan Returns \"Papa!\" \"Myra!\" Amos cried back. \"She's got me!\" \"Morgan, what are you doing to him?\" Myra could already feel her powers flaring up inside her. \"Nothing that which you are thinking of,\" Morgan answered. \"Papa here is merely a pawn, if you will, in bringing back my sweet daughter.\" \"It hasn't worked,\" Myra said. \"I know who you are.\" Morgan grinned. \"I know that, darling. You think I don't know who you are? That's exactly why I won't attempt to toy with you. I have your father, and I have myself. And so now, I ask that you and Tabitha come back to us. I could teach you things, Myra. I could teach you things that not even the world's greatest blunderer, Merlin, could.\" Arthur stepped forward, brandishing the magic sword. \"Don't bring Merlin into this! Or I'll slash your head off!\" \"Your Majesty,\" Morgan addressed him with a mocking curtsy. \"I didn't see you there. Or, wait a moment. Either you weren't there before, or I couldn't see you with your miniscule size.\" She laughed briefly; Amos gave her a hateful glare. \"You're wasting away being here, boy. An obscure little child like you could never rule. Not even with both a wizard and a witch by your side.\" \"Well I think he's going to be a wonderful king!\" Myra said boldly. \"Merlin himself said that Arthur will go down in history as one of the greatest historical figures- kings- of all time! And besides…\" She let her voice trail off. \"What?\" Morgan asked gruffly. \"…the sword chose him! Brought down from heaven itself to make him king!\" \"Not even you could match its magic!\" Arthur added. \"Didn't you see what it can do the last time you came here?\" Morgan shook her head, grinning slyly. \"My dear children, have you both deluded yourselves? I know firsthand what the sword's powers are. It took a shipload of healing spells to bring myself back from the last blow you forced me to take. But you know what that means. The sword- and you- cannot defeat me.\" Myra let out a yell and a ball of magical energy shot from her palm, smacking Morgan in her face. \"No! You're the one who's deluded! Trying to go against us a second time was a bad idea. Especially when you're in the way of a so-called puny witch who will give her life to protect her king!\" \"Oh, sweet loyalty. Certainly warms my heart to see my daughter so dedicated to wasting her life away!\" Amos gave Morgan a kick in her side, but Morgan fixed him with a deadly glare that made even Myra and Arthur wince. \"And does His Majesty return your loyalty?\" Morgan said, smirking at her daughter. Arthur surprised Myra by grasping her hand in his. \"I'm king,\" he answered. \"I'd die to save my kingdom. That goes especially for my family.\" Morgan shook her head and started to play with her writhing hair. \"Well, I truly hope it shall stay so. A king has to fight battles in his reign, and I can say this moment that a war- one beyond even your fondest imagination- shall come.\" Myra's blood started to run ice cold. \"What war?\" She instantly regretted the question. \"The Battle of Camlann, dearest.\" Myra's heart seemed to have briefly stopped. It couldn't be so. How could Morgan know about the battle when that wasn't to come for several years? Did she know that Arthur would die in that battle? Did she know about Avalon? Closing her eyes, Myra forced all thoughts of the vision to disappear. This was one vision that she refused to believe would ever come true. And nothing, not even Morgan's magic could make her think otherwise. Morgan's magic… The memory of the combination of the spell and Myra's vision suddenly made her fingers clench and the hairs on the back of her neck stand up like grass. She shook her head, not believing what had been done to her. \"You're tricking me!\" she yelled at Morgan. \"You only cast that vision into my head so I would become weak. There won't be a battle of Camlann. There is no Avalon, and you certainly will not mourn anyone!\" She took another step and felt the radiating power in her hands. \"You twisted, awful witch! Oh, if I knew the spell right now, I'd kill you!\" Morgan was still, but she then let loose a long laugh that only forged a dangerous glare in Myra's eyes. \"Oh, darling,\" she chuckled. \"Why take the time to blame me for your own ability? Every single vision you attain is as real as you are. They never lie to you, and it's never wise to shove one aside. It would be like shoving aside yourself, or better yet, shoving aside him !\" Myra followed Morgan's pointing finger to Arthur, who looked on with confusion. \"What's this all about?\" he asked Myra. \"Ah, so she hasn't told you,\" Morgan crooned. \"Well, go ahead, Myra. I can assure you we are all looking to lend an ear to your intriguing vision.\" Myra held her breath, her heart pounding against her chest at having been put on the spot. It didn't help that Morgan, Amos, and Arthur were all looking her down in anticipation of what she would tell them. A terrified frown on her face, she glanced at Arthur out of the corner of her eye. But only briefly. The magnitude of her vision was too much to think of and look at him at the same time. Still holding her breath, Myra felt the vision roll through her mind once again. But she finally sucked in air and let words roll off her tongue. \"My vision was-\" \"Tell us!\" Morgan commanded harshly. \"- I saw one of the greatest events ever to take place in the history of England.\" Morgan leaned forward with interest. \"You being wiped off the face of the earth!\" Myra hurtled herself forward and, yelling out her planned spell, tossed it through the air at Morgan's hand, where she clutched Amos's spindle neck. Swiftly, Morgan made a grab at where the magic had struck her, and Amos fell to the ground. \"Run home, Papa!\" Myra shouted at Amos. \"Get the axe!\" After Amos left, Myra kept her hands open, anticipating Morgan's next move. Arthur took his position next to her, holding the sword bravely in both his hands. \"You horrible brat!\" Morgan shouted, throwing her hand in front of her. A deadly bolt of lightning flashed from her palm, and zipped through the air towards Myra, who easily deflected it with a spark of her own. But Morgan was not finished just yet. Marching ahead, her hands glowed a dark violet, sparking with the same deadly lightning. Her dark hair started to rise off her shoulders, writhing like snakes on her head, and her void-like eyes suddenly flashed white. Myra gasped, and drew her hands back in surprise. Morgan had turned monster-like, and the magic crackling at her fingertips looked strong enough to kill quickly. For a brief moment she considered firing back, but it seemed imprudent to try that when she was coming up against something so deadly. And besides, she was afraid. Yes, she was afraid. She was used to throwing every spell she knew at once at her enemies, but this wasn't practice, and definitely not a game. She and Arthur were facing real evil, something that could kill them if they made a wrong move. \"Where to now, children?\" Morgan's voice became slithery and high, like a snake's. Neither Arthur nor Myra had an answer to that. They merely stood where they were, magic trembling beneath their fingertips. Morgan smiled, exposing her shark-like teeth before flashing her palm out towards the two children. Lightning bolts flashed dangerously their way, and both Myra and Arthur leapt out of the way as the lightning charged against the ground. The sword clattered briefly out of Arthur's hands before he swiftly lunged for the handle. The handle blazed brightly quickly, and he threw himself to his feet, followed by Myra. \"Oh, no! Not Arthur!\" Myra growled at Morgan, her thoughts twirling through her for the right spell. She raised her hands. \"This will teach her not to toy with him !\" Pulling her hands back like a baseball pitcher, Myra threw a ball of sparkling glitter at Morgan, followed by another made of green and purple sparkles- both of them hissing madly as they whirled through the air. Morgan's eyes caught the swirling balls just as they came close to her. They bounced against her head and they dissolved around her, falling and swirling alongside a cruel, cold wind. Morgan shivered, pointing at Myra through the swirling, blowing snowstorm Myra had conjured. She opened her mouth to speak, but a green sparkle danced before her eyes, becoming a Venus flytrap. The two flaps of the spiked mouth closed on her nose and she let out a loud, inhuman screech. \"That'll teach you to mess with any of us!\" Myra yelled at the evil witch. She immediately turned her head to Arthur. \"Quickly! Let's go!\" Together, Arthur and Myra made a mad dash for Morgan, both of them feeling the mad rush of the magic they held. Myra racked her brain for another spell, and suddenly the blade of the sword glowed brighter. \"Foolish girl!\" With a cry of shock, Myra instantly found her face meeting with the hard cobblestones in the courtyard ground. Her skin hurt terribly, and slowly she felt something sticky and hot running from her elbows and cheeks. At her feet, she felt the chill of smoky wisps wafting around her. \"Myra!\" Arthur yelled. Whipping his rain-soaked head back to Morgan, he watched her inch closer to his friend with a terrifying swiftness and lightning at her fingertips. Brandishing the blazing sword, he ran far behind the wicked witch, and then, hefting the weapon high into the air, let it plunge into Morgan's bony back! The witch screeched with her head to the flashing sky, as Arthur pulled the sword from her with a grunt. His heart pounded a thousand beats as he prepared for a second blow, the witch's blood washing from the glowing blade in the rain. \"Whoa, wait, whoa !\" Arthur felt a blow all around his torso as something grasped him tightly. The blow knocked all his air out, but he still managed to grasp the sword in his hands, flaring up with his frantic heartbeat. \"Poor helpless child,\" Morgan crooned, as she lifted Arthur into the air with her magic. Giving a hard swing around with her spell, Arthur was pulled along with it. He was being pulled along with such force that when Morgan jerked him a second time, his fingers gave way and the sword fell from his hands. \"Without the sword's magic, you're nothing. Nothing but a lowly squire named Wart!\" \"I'm not afraid of you!\" Arthur said, banging his fist on the magic surrounding him. It wavered with the force of his fist, but it didn't manage to break. \"Oh, but you should,\" Morgan said, making a mock sad face at Arthur. \"You're no wizard. And your only hope of survival is unconscious on the stones.\" \"No,\" Arthur murmured. At the mention of Myra, his stomach dropped and his courage instantly plummeted. \"Aahh!\" Arthur covered his ears as Morgan screeched out yet again. Her hands loosened and the spell holding Arthur captive was immediately gone. He raced away from her and took the sword back again. Arthur looked up once he had regained the sword, and gasped, standing still where he was. Axe hefted in his rough hands, Amos now stood before Morgan, the blade of his weapon now stained with blood. \"Unhand them all!\" he called out. \"And get out of this place before I kill you right now!\" Morgan rolled her eyes. \"Truly, what is it with humans believing they can overcome a great witch like me?\" \"Perhaps not alone. But, with me, they can.\" Everyone in the courtyard turned and stared when the voice sounded through the thunderous atmosphere. Merlin hurled his wand at Morgan, a stream of magical sparkles blasting from the end. They hit their target right in the witch's eye, and she put a hand over it in shock. But she quickly recovered. \"How many times must I destroy you all?\" Morgan yelled, charging towards Merlin, who disappeared the moment that she almost touched him. \"Where in the world…?\" Instantly, Morgan jumped ten feet in the air when, behind her, a blue-scaled alligator closed its jaws. \"Merlin!\" Arthur cried, surprised as well as impressed. \"Arouse Myra!\" Merlin commanded. He dashed to Amos's side as the two of them worked together to hold off the recovering Morgan. Not hesitating a second, Arthur raced to Myra, who still lay in a growing puddle in the cobblestones. He turned her over, and gasped when he saw the cuts on her cheeks. They had stopped bleeding, but they were pretty critical. Arthur took the sword in his hand and touched the handle to her cheek. It didn't do any good; the skin didn't close up again. \"Oh!\" Arthur grunted loudly and clenched the sword tightly, bringing it up as if to smash it back to the ground. This was ridiculous! The sword should be able to heal anybody, not just him- and now, when he needed Myra the most! Now was when Arthur wished he was a wizard, then perhaps he could heal Myra himself. There had to be another way. The sword was his to control, and it would perform whatever magic he asked it to. Myra had helped him the last time they defeated Morgan by holding his hand and channeling her magic through him to the sword. What if…what if…? Arthur's face lit up with the surge of excitement he felt, causing the sword to light up like the stars. Quickly, he grasped Myra's hand in his and looked to the sword. With his thoughts screaming through his head, Arthur let the sword blaze even further to life, swirling with red and yellow. He turned back to Myra and grasped her hand tighter. \"Come on, Myra! Come on, you can do it!\" Arthur pleaded, his thumb massaging Myra's hand gently. \"I won't let you down.\" Arthur shivered suddenly, as a great wave of magical energy blazed into his hand. He felt the warm, powerful magic flow along his arm like honey, and then touching along through his chest, where he was briefly overtaken by a wave of beautiful pleasure. It ended as the magic left his chest and then into his other arm, where, finally, his hand glowed softly. It radiated gently like fire, slowly touching on Myra's hand. \"Gaah!\" Arthur jumped back, letting go of Myra's hand as she jolted back to life. She shook her head to release her shock, finally looking around her. Arthur was looking at her too, just as surprised to see that his idea worked. The sword could heal anyone; he just had to control the sword's magic through himself ! Finally, Myra looked at Arthur. Her face was shining, even in the darkness of rain, and without the sword's powerful light. And with her face beholding that shine, she smiled. \"You did it!\" she breathed. \"Arthur, you really did it!\" Her voice rising to a crescendo, Myra tossed her arms around Arthur, grasping him so tightly she could feel his heart pounding excitedly against her shoulder. Arthur immediately dropped the sword, and put his own arms around Myra. He couldn't express in words how happy he was to have her awake again, only that he was overjoyed. \"I was in an awful pickle out there!\" Arthur said. \"But, oh, thank goodness you're back, Myra!\" Myra nodded her head, patting her hand on Arthur's back. \"Yes, I know.\" Giving him one last squeeze, she broke apart from the embrace. \"All right, Arthur,\" Myra murmured, turning back to Amos and Merlin. Merlin was changing back and forth from human to animal forms, fighting between his wand and different animal abilities. Amos was only dodging Morgan's spells, the axe still clenched in both hands ready to swing for the kill at any minute. Whispering a few incomprehensible words, Myra felt the magical energy bubbling between her fingers. She looked determinedly back to Arthur. \"This time, Morgan's not going to walk away laughing in our faces. We'll finish her for good.\" Arthur reached beside him and picked up the sword. \"Just one jab didn't kill her before,\" he said, beholding the brightening sword. \"But we can do it together.\" He brandished the sword in one hand, and held out the other. Myra slapped her hand down onto Arthur's palm, and, with a courageous cry worthy of great battle heroes, they charged into the fray.[Chapter 20] Chapter 20: A Showdown Morgan grinned at what a battle she was having. With her daughter out of the way, defeat wasn't even a possibility anymore. It was amusing to her seeing how silly Merlin looked, blundering around in animal forms; not to mention her old husband playing around with the pathetic axe. Genuine and good magic was- and had always been- such a bore to her. She felt a rush of power when black magic overcame her enemies, and it allowed her potential to be so much higher. Particularly when she could easily overcome the oh-so-great King Arthur and his sword. Then, why did she see him and her daughter running together back into her battle unscarred and alive? \"Myra!\" Morgan cried, freezing where she was. \"Can…can it be…?\" \"Yes it can!\" Arthur waved the sword at his side, as if teasing the great witch. \"Myra!\" Amos called to her. \"What are you still doing here? Go back home, get out of here!\" \"This is our battle, Papa!\" Myra answered bravely. \"Only Arthur and I can finish this!\" \"Use your heads!\" Merlin commanded. \"Remember what I taught you both!\" Arthur turned quickly to Myra. \"It has to be done now!\" he said, \"before she gets any stronger.\" \"Um…Arthur?\" Myra said, looking horrified in front of her. \"What is it?\" \"Look!\" She pointed in front of her, and Arthur followed her finger, at which point he gasped, almost dropping the sword. Morgan's eyes glowed ominously white, her hair writhing in the air, the ground beneath her starting to tremble with the magnitude of her power, and powerful bolts of lightning flashing in a growing circle of energy around her. It emanated massively from her- a cold, electric field of solid energy that sent chills up and down the onlookers' spines. And as the energy increased around the witch, Morgan's pale face seemed to take on a monster-like form, contorted and menacing in the light. She smiled with her shark-like teeth, completing the appearance of an otherworldly demon. \"Come to me, children,\" she crooned, her voice a loud and high hiss. \"Now!\" \"Myra, do it!\" \"Raahh!\" All in that instant, all broke out! Arthur and Myra raced to unleash their own magic, as Morgan conjured a spell beyond anything any wizard had ever seen before; a combination of fire, wind, and powerful energy, all blazing in a dangerous stream towards the two children. Dust and grass blades joined in the roaring inferno of black magic, flying by the thousands. Myra and Arthur both squeezed their eyes closed, holding on to the control they held over their magic. Arthur, especially, was trying his very hardest to stand his ground against Morgan's power, as the deadly magic was targeted straight for his sword's blade. The sword glowed like the sun, seeming to build a stronger shield for itself against its enemy as the magic flew off of each other in great sparks and streams of energy going in every direction! The collision made a great roaring, loud as a thousand lions and animal screeches coming together. Myra squeezed Arthur's arm tighter, using her strength to hold him up against the forceful spell. But doing that with something that was ten times the strength of a little witch like her, it was easier said than done. Slowly, her body started to ache, and she was about ready to give up. \"No!\" Myra shouted, half at herself and half at Morgan. \"Hold on, Arthur! I'll help you!\" Immediately, Myra put both her hands on Arthur's shoulders and shut her eyes tighter closed. She would not let herself think of Morgan, or Merlin, or Amos, or anyone else. All she could do to properly channel her magic was focus on putting everything she had left in her, into Arthur. But this time, it was slightly harder to do when something so much larger than her was coming closer every second to killing her. \"Don't let go!\" Myra yelled to Arthur over the roaring as her magic streamed rapidly out of her. \"Give up!\" they heard Morgan command. \"You are both only children. Your powers aren't enough!\" And then, in hearing her mother's voice taunting them so, Myra felt something terrible boiling inside her. Her magic was staying just as strong as ever, but, hearing Morgan saying one more time that they couldn't do it…well, something in her snapped. Myra screamed- a scream that came from the very bowels of her heart and her soul. A surge of power blasted from that scream, channeling through her hands to Arthur's arms and into the sword. It shook the two of them like an earthquake, increasing both their heartbeats tenfold, but they never faltered in controlling the magic. Arthur's hands burned from holding the sword so tightly, and although he was about ready to collapse with the power surging through him so quickly, he was simultaneously strong. In holding the sword with such stance and courage, it was something to behold for him. The sword's power was monster-like in its scope, but he felt invincible just being able to control its massive force. It was the first time that, while holding the sword that had chosen him, he felt like a real king- a king that was throwing his life and soul on the line just to protect his subjects. And with Myra just behind him, he felt even more so. For what kind of king would he be if she hadn't given him so much in the last few months? These thoughts flowed gently through Arthur's mind, coming in touch with the strenuous waves of power rushing all throughout him. It was a real rush, and it reminded him of the pleasurable feeling he got when he used the sword to heal Myra. And now, although exhaustion threatened to overtake him, the feeling of goodness and belonging wouldn't go away. They were feelings that he now felt from the tips of his toes to the bottom of his heart, and within that part of him, he now knew something. \"I never would've known that being a king would be so scary, and still so amazing,\" the voice in his head spoke to him. \"I didn't want to be king, at first. But now I know something else. I not only got a country, but I also got the sword, and Myra and Tabitha. I've been given the power to heal and protect others, and even something that I care a lot about. I have a family, and just like Myra, I would die trying to keep them safe. I'm not just living for England- I'm living for my family! \"And I won't let them go!\" Arthur's hands instantly felt searing hot, and his eyes felt like they would burn out from the intense light the sword gave off, but the fire burning inside him blew that all away. The sword was becoming an energetic beacon in his hands, and in an instant, his hands were flying through the air, his whole body taking flight with the sword. Myra's hands were still clutched to his arms, her magic blazing through him. The feeling still made his heart soar as high as he leapt, but now, all that truly mattered was the mighty sword and Morgan's towering and monstrous face coming closer. And with a great swing of his arm and a swelling of magic from Myra's close arms, Arthur made the sword to come crashing down through the flaming space of magic all around him! An inhuman screech was all that he heard when the sword exploded through the air in a cloud of red and yellow lightning bolts and a white void overtaking him when he and Myra fell back to earth. And when the screech was over, the roaring ceased to sound, and the sword, still steadfastly clutched in Arthur's hand, was soon nothing but a sweet candlelight in the gentle rain.[Chapter 21] Chapter 21: Great Legends Magical sparkles danced around the courtyard like summer fireflies. Remnants of the wicked Morgan scattered here and there, but they were easily diminished by a spell Merlin rapidly conjured. He ran to Arthur and Myra, both peacefully unconscious in the sopping grass. They lay next to each other, their hands touching the heavenly handle of the sword, which, even with the long passing of time, was still glowing gently golden. With another wave of his wand, Merlin magically carried his pupils to their chambers, where, with the help of a nurse, he bandaged their new wounds and made them comfortable in their beds, for they would be sleeping for quite a while with the adventure they'd had. Merlin went back and forth between Arthur and Myra, watching out for them until they would wake up. Even Archimedes looked on with him, surprised to hear of what they had accomplished together. It would be several hours before one of them awakened. As if from a peaceful, dream-filled sleep, Myra slowly opened her eyes. She sucked in a quick breath when she recognized the ornate designs of her bedchamber walls and the silky sheets of her bed. She was even quicker to leap from her sleepy state, but she was met with pleasant surprise when spindly-fingered hands stopped her in action. \"Myra,\" Merlin said, \"it's good to see you on your feet again. But it'd be good for you to take it easy.\" \"Oh! But Merlin, I feel much, much better now,\" she said. \"I feel like I can walk again!\" Merlin chuckled softly. \"Myra, child, you've been unconscious for hours. This is the first time you'd be walking since Morgan disappeared.\" Myra stopped short before she could talk again. \"Disappeared? We defeated her, didn't we?\" Merlin gave his pupil a grim look. \"This is something I think we should talk about when Arthur is with us,\" he said. \"Then, can't we go get him now?\" Myra wanted to know. \"If I'm awake right now, he shouldn't be too far behind.\" \"I hope so,\" Merlin said before sighing heavily. \"Well, I don't see how I'm ever going to keep you in here when you're like this, Myra, so-\"he half-smiled at her \"-why don't we go to visit him in his chambers?\" Myra smiled back, and slowly, she got out of bed and followed Merlin through the halls to Arthur's bedchambers. Luckily, his eyes were just fluttering open with the first signs of consciousness. \"Merlin?\" he asked, craning his head to look at the doorway. \"Back from Myra's bedchambers,\" Merlin answered, \"and here to see you bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. She's come with me too, if you should like to say hello.\" \"Myra?\" Arthur said, a smile forming on the corners of his lips. Myra nodded, sitting down on the bed. She grinned back at Arthur, who was rubbing his eyes sleepily with his newly-bandaged hands. \"You feeling better?\" \"I feel strange, that's for sure,\" Arthur answered. \"But sleep did good things for me.\" \"I should be frightened if it didn't,\" Merlin said, joining Myra on the other side of the bed. \"The both of you took good blows with that magic. Quite a bold risk on both your parts, and I can say that I am mighty proud of you.\" \"Thank you, Merlin,\" Arthur and Myra said, one after the other. Merlin nodded, but the same grim expression he wore in Myra's room came back to take his smile. \"What's wrong, Merlin?\" Arthur wanted to know. \"I really wish I didn't have to be the bearer of bad news,\" Merlin said, \"but this must be said before we get carried away by merry-making. Arthur, you and Myra were of the most courageous heroes I've ever seen in a duel like yours, but I fear that the war is not over between us and Morgan le Fay.\" Myra's heart raced so much that she shivered. \"You can't be saying that!\" she said with a shake of her head. \"I practically put every drop of magic I had into defeating her. And what about poor Arthur? He and the sword almost got destroyed when he jumped on Morgan; we almost got killed when she cast that huge spell at the end! What more has to happen?\" Merlin took Myra's hands gently. \"Child, it often takes more than one battle to finish what's been started. And there's no denying that Morgan le Fay is a powerful sorceress. It would take the strengths of several people just like you to make her come close to total defeat.\" Still, Myra refused to believe her mother was still alive. \"I still don't believe it,\" she said firmly. Merlin grasped Myra's hands even tighter, and she winced at the suddenness of his move. \"Watch what you tell yourself, Myra,\" he said with an iron-hard tone. \"The very last time you deluded yourself to something unpredictable, you almost led yourself and your king into grave danger! And I won't stand for that anymore, do you understand?\" Myra was surprised to hear Merlin speak to her with such force, but she immediately understood his intentions for her. \"Yes, Merlin.\" \"Very good,\" Merlin praised her with a brief grin, but quickly reversed to seriousness. \"Another thing, Myra. I happened to overhear part of the duel before I came in, and I heard you talking with Morgan about a vision you just recently had. What was it- something about…a Battle of Camlann, maybe?\" Myra froze. Merlin couldn't know either! Well, of course he would find out soon. He was a wizard- he could look centuries into the future and even live through it if he so desired. But like Morgan and Arthur, he couldn't learn about it just yet. \"What are you talking about?\" Myra asked, trying to hide her growing fear. \"I never had a vision about that. I don't even know for the life of me what that battle is. All I said was that Morgan would be wiped off the face of the earth that night.\" Merlin furrowed his eyebrows, as if in thought. \"Are you sure? Morgan was right about one thing, Myra. The visions you have will always tell you the truth. And something tells me that the vision you told her about, wasn't the vision you really saw.\" It took every ounce of willpower Myra had to not run screaming from the room in her fear and frustration about her secret vision. \"Maybe I saw another person.\" It wasn't a question. Merlin looked Myra right in the eye, sending her fear to new heights. \"Don't lie to me, Myra,\" he said in his stern-but-gentle voice. \"Visions are never unclear. I figure there's something about this particular one that's been troubling you. Why won't you speak up about it?\" Scared and confused, Myra looked back and forth between Arthur and Merlin. Her heart was aching with the hurt she felt in hiding the vision from her friends. She so desperately wanted to get it out of her, but she didn't want to see the hurt on Arthur's face when he would learn of his death. Just seeing that look alone would be enough to scar her for a very long time. But, then, what if the future could be changed? Perhaps there was a way to spare Arthur's life by changing the course of events that could lead up to this battle. \"Merlin, are my visions always going to come true? One way or another?\" Myra asked nervously. \"The future is always uncertain, child,\" Merlin replied. \"I've seen and been into the future several times over the years, and it has changed from what I've seen. Sadly, I can't tell you what sort of power your visions hold. You'll just have to figure that out on your own when it comes.\" So there was no knowing what would happen, no matter what she would try to do. Myra was half broken and half relieved by this idea. \"Well, perhaps sometime you would like to talk with me about this troubling vision?\" Merlin wanted to know, still keeping his calm gaze on Myra. \"I…I…I don't think I'd want to burden you with it,\" she finally answered. \"It's sort of…personal, if I can put it that way.\" Merlin didn't take his eyes off of Myra for a few moments, but even when he did, he still had that carefully suspicious look in his eyes. \"Whatever you wish, Myra,\" he said. Inside, Myra was jumping for joy. But at the same time, she was still crying. She supposed that even without telling anyone of her vision, it sill scarred her. After all, she was terrified contemplating her best friend's death, even if it would be several years from now. And even if she talked to Merlin about it, it would be the same as telling Arthur- she'd be haunting someone with a vision that was almost certain to come true. Merlin always told her he looked to the future to see the advances of mankind, and not the fates of his friends. He wouldn't understand her vision, and knowing Merlin, he would dive deep into researching every possible way of deciphering it, and that would only make it more complicated and horrifying than it already was. Myra breathed deeply, and then, without any real reason, she scooted closer to Merlin and wrapped her arms around his shoulders. Merlin was surprised by this unexpected affection, but he slowly moved to hug Myra back. \"Sorry,\" Myra said. \"I'm just glad to have you and Arthur here…while you are. I love you both, you know that?\" \"Well…\" Merlin began. \"Yes,\" Arthur finished. \"Great!\" Myra said, with a bit more enthusiasm than she intended. \"'Cause I hope I can keep you both with me for a very long time. You're part of the best family someone can ask for.\" Merlin shrugged, still half-confused by Myra's sudden outburst of affection, but open to her compliment. \"Well, thank you, Myra. It's been a pleasure having you here too, I must say. I suppose…I suppose I myself never thought I would have a family to look after again. And now…\" He grinned sweetly. \"I wouldn't have it any other way,\" Myra agreed. After such an adventure she and Arthur had defeating a wicked witch, it felt so wonderful having him and Merlin with her and knowing that they would be there to look after her as she would for them. And as I promised, Myra thought, I'm going to see to it that nothing dangerous will come Arthur's way. While I'm around, nothing will dare touch him. Briefly, Myra's eyes closed as she envisioned herself once more protecting Arthur in the face of danger. But this time, she could see herself as a young woman, fighting like a real warrior princess alongside her king, who, like always, brandished the marvelous sword. As long as she kept her head on straight, remembered brain over brawn, and held on until she could do absolutely no more in the end, she would surely watch Arthur become the great legend he was destined to be. There was one uncertainty to this future. As she imagined this all turning into a bright, golden future for the kingdom of all England, she didn't feel any grinding or pain in any corner of her mind.[Chapter 22] Chapter 22: Set In Stone The battle behind them, Arthur and Myra felt as if life could go back to normal. But first, as a result of the great battle scars they received, their bedchambers would be the only place they would be seeing for a few more days. As he had done when they were unconscious, Merlin visited his pupils' individual chambers, each time telling them how proud he was of what they had accomplished in the face of tremendous peril. He repeated how he had never seen such amounts of courage and perseverance from any other individuals, marveling at how they had put their minds to the task at hand and not hesitating to do what they had to do. As Arthur and Myra recovered from what Merlin called their crowning achievement in their schooling, the days changed with them. The snow was all finally gone, and flowers were budding through in the landscapes. Birds were spreading their songs in the morning light, and the two friends took pleasure in hearing such beautiful music. In fact, every morning, Myra was waking up extra early just to watch the sunrise from her window, which had a view over the hill where she and Arthur had first sled during the winter. Back before all this happened, she thought. Myra smiled, thinking of all that had occurred since New Year's Day, sometimes even wondering where she would be if she hadn't thought to leave home that fateful night. Tabitha wouldn't be sleeping in an actual warm home, Myra wouldn't have known she was a princess, and neither of the siblings would have found more of their family, which had become even more wonderful with the additions of Arthur, Merlin, and Archimedes. Finally, when March gave way to April, normalcy had returned in its entirety to the castle. Arthur and Myra were free to roam around the castle whenever they wished, lessons were again in full swing, and the gashes left from battle had healed, save for some scars they would keep to proudly remember that night. Merlin even kindly asked Myra if she would like to continue her magical education, and she gratefully accepted. Since the battle, Myra had never been happier practicing her magic again. Now whenever she learned a new spell, she would laugh with joy the time that she got it right. And on occasion, when afternoon break came, and Myra was still brimming with energy, Arthur would immediately retrieve the sword, and the two of them would practice magic together combining their abilities. Since that began, Arthur's face would break out in a smile more often, and it warmed the hearts of everyone in the castle when their king had a genuine smile upon his face. As if that wasn't enough, when Myra made the request, Arthur allowed for Amos to officially come and live in the castle with his children. Myra was more than happy to have him with them, but Merlin, on the other hand, wasn't so sure. Although he didn't make it his business to use magic to peek into others' minds, Merlin decided that doing so to Amos might prove if he was someone safe to have around the castle's inhabitants, especially Arthur. And when Merlin did, he got surprising results. \"Myra,\" he said to her just after lessons ended one day, \"do you remember what you said to me about your father threatening you and Tabitha with an axe?\" Such a memory made Myra freeze over in brief horror, but she nodded as she so quickly pictured the event. \"I checked up on him, you could say,\" Merlin continued, \"and he has no memory at all of the incident, or anything else that happened just after Morgan vanished from your lives.\" \"How can that…?\" Myra began to ask the question, but she quickly put the pieces together herself. \"Morgan did it, didn't she? She must've put a spell on him so that he would kill me before I ever learned I was a witch.\" \"Your guess is as good as mine, child,\" Merlin said, \"but I'd say that comes about as close as we'll ever be to the answer. The man can't even remember what illness killed Morgan, but he does remember the night you were conceived. Selective memory from the spell, I believe.\" Myra nodded in understanding. It was good enough for her that her real father was back, and they could live happily together again like in her childhood. With her true father back in the picture, what more could happen that would make life any better than it was now? Well, some things could take away from it. Sometimes, Myra found herself reliving the horrifying vision of Arthur in his coffin on Avalon in her dreams. She would wake up in a cold sweat, her bed sheets tousled so much that her legs were complexly tangled in the jumble. And even when she took deep breaths, she still saw the moonlight in the window shining like the sun onto a mirage-like Arthur, dead amongst the flowers and mourners. There were times when Myra woke up from the nightmare and would be a needle-width away from running to Arthur's chamber, telling him the vision, and being done with it. She was always able to regain some control over her thoughts, but the lingering horror she always felt stuck with her though the night. Only when morning came and she could dive into lessons did she lose memory of her nightmare. Although Myra had come to love her magic again, she and Arthur still liked to take walks out in the spring air, sometimes going out just to play in the landscapes and roll through the grass until they were in need of a soapy bath. And by mid-April, they didn't even need their cloaks anymore, which made it easier for them to run around in the fresh, warm air. During those times, they shared many good times, thousands of laughs- just the kind of times they both longed to have since they could remember. But it was times like this that reminded Myra it was just a matter of time before she lost what was most important to her. Sooner than expected, spring bloomed into summer, and by that time, every child in the castle had grown up just a bit. Arthur and Myra were both thirteen years old, and little Tabitha had spurted a few inches, becoming too large for a crib. And after a fun excursion through the castle, Arthur and Myra had located a room not too far from their own chambers where Tabitha could sleep in her own bed and finally have room for all her new playthings. Neither Myra nor Amos could be more proud of her, and for the first time since his welcome to the castle, Amos genuinely smiled and then laughed from the bottom of his heart. Since summer began, Merlin had recognized his pupils' needs to enjoy the weather and what was left of their young years, so he decided to let Arthur and Myra take every Saturday and Sunday off entirely. On those days, they would practice magic some more, unwind in the library with some fiction, or even go back outside to play as a trio with Tabitha. By this time, Myra was starting to recognize what toll her nightmarish vision would have on her if she didn't let it free in the slightest. So, she finally made up her mind. Before autumn came around, she promised herself that she would tell Arthur of her vision and allow the commencement of preparations for such an event to take place. She wasn't sure of what the final outcome would be, but she was about ready to rid herself of the tensions it built inside her. On one day, near the end of July, Arthur and Myra were lucky enough to be outside just when the summer sun was setting over the hills. The sky was perfectly clear, with only a few wispy clouds lingering overhead, with the sounds of cicadas and the twinkling of fireflies sweetly accompanying the beautiful spectacle. Myra paused in her gleeful laughter just long enough to sit down on the hill- the hill where the sledding and other such wonderful memories had taken place. She sighed softly in watching the large golden light sinking below the green trees and hills. Arthur sat down next to her, sweeping his blonde bangs from his face when a cool evening breeze started up. \"I just don't believe it,\" Myra said, grinning at the sun. \"It's gorgeous out there.\" \"Yes,\" Arthur agreed. \"I really don't think I've known a summer as fun as this has been.\" \"It really makes having a best friend even more worthwhile,\" Myra added. Arthur nodded, a smile starting to form on his face. It's now or never, Myra told herself. I have to tell him about the vision. But, unexpectedly, Myra was caught off guard by Arthur's expression. He had that smile that told her he was wholeheartedly happy, and that all would always be right with the world. And with his gaze following the sun and his bangs blowing back from his face, he looked the true picture of a great king and yet a jovial young boy. Myra couldn't quite believe it, but it didn't feel at all right to break an expression that heart-warming from his face. Myra sighed, and finally pushed her hair behind her ears to begin. \"Say, Arthur?\" \"Yes?\" \"Say, you…you remember how I really, really wanted to become your guardian?\" He nodded. \"Well, how would you like it if we became each other's guardians? You know, fighting to protect each other like we did when Morgan came back for the last time?\" Arthur's gaze flicked back and forth between Myra's hopeful expression and the setting sun, and finally he gave a little sigh. \"Well, that's something I'd have to think about.\" Myra smiled, and then laughed. \"Why shouldn't we?\" Arthur answered, grinning widely again. \"I couldn't have done anything without your help, Myra. I think it'd be a great idea if you're there all the time to help me.\" \"Do you think that…even if you go to war with another great evil villain, and you're standing just inches from death…you'll still let me in to save you?\" \"Just like if it's happening to you? Yes.\" Myra laughed again, gently swinging her arm around Arthur's shoulders to hug him, all the while suppressing the urge to peck him on the cheek; Arthur soon wrapped his own arm around her too. \"Merlin said that the future isn't set in stone, but it can still be changed. I think you'll make one of the most marvelous kings the world will ever know. And I'll be right there, through thick and thin, no matter what will happen.\" \"To the very end?\" Arthur added. \"That's right,\" Myra said, as the sun finally dipped below the rolling hills. \"To the very end.\" ","Summary":" Chapter 1: A Miracle or a Curse That was all that it was, to several Londoners at least- a way to f"}]