[{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"I still know what you did last summer","Author":"rancor3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4482909","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Instill know what you did last summer Alternatenending. Thisnis an alternate ending of I still know, I don't remember parts ofnthe movie but I hope you at least enjoy it. Wenstart off where it's the final showdown with Julie, Ben Willis,nWill Benson, and Ray. Somewhere outside the hotel at the graveyardnwhere its still storming and raining. It is Will, Julie and Ben, Benngrabs Julie raises his arm up to get ready to stab her and out comesnRay with the gun. \" Itsntime to die,\" Ben said. Letnher go!,\" Ray says as he shows up pointing the gun. \" Let her gonnow!\" \" Ohnman you gotta be shittin' me,\" Will says in a disappointed way. \"nWhat are you gonna do boy,ncall us names? Your no killer, that's my job,\" Ben says. \" Youndon't have it in ya.\" Raynshoots the gun, it clicks nothing comes out, Will then tackles Ray,nJulie also bites Ben in the arm and hits Julie in the face with hisnforearm. Now, Ray and Will are fighting, Ray goes for the punch, Willngoes for a punch too. Ray however, falls down, Will then clotheslinenhim to the ground taking him down after Ray gets back up. He thennkicks him three times, then says they would have been friends if itnwould not had been this way. Ben then orders his son to lift him up,nJulie sees this and head towards the gun. Benngoes for the attack to kill Ray, instead, Ray elbows Will in the facendodging Bens attack by killing Will instead. He falls towards thenground dead, Ben then looks at the hook with blood on it, screamingnraising his arm to kill Ray. As Julie gets ready to aim and fire, shensees a purple light coming out of no where hitting Ben in thenshoulder bringing him down to his knees, Julie did not get the chancento shoot. Next,nshe turns around and sees a man walking up with his finger pointingndirectly at Ben Willis. \" Whonare you?,\" Julie asked. \" Mynname is Rancor,\" Rancor said. \"nWhat have you done to me?,\"nBen said still on the ground holding his wounded shoulder. \" Inused an energy attack to stop you in your tracks,\" Rancor said. \"nEnough of that now, I have already seen how he's been giving younproblems, no matter I will take care of him now.\" \" Ifnyou think you can get rid of me your wrong, I will come back thatnincludes you Julie I'm not done with you yet,\" Ben said. Julienaims the gun at Ben getting ready to shoot him, Rancor grabbed thengun destroying it with his bare hands. \" Whyndon't you guys head back to the hotel, I will take care of him,\"nRancor demanded. Raynwalks over to Julie to wrap her arm around his shoulder to carry hernback to the hotel, Ray then turns to look at Rancor. \" Younsure you will take care of him?,\" he asked. \" Ofncourse I will, he will be gone for good,\" Rancor said. \" I seenboth of you are injured, hold still for a moment.\" Rancornaims points his hands open at Julie and Ray, a small light comes outnentering Ray and Julies body. Ray and Julie looks at their hands,nrealizing that their not hurt anymore, all of Rays cuts from hisnprevious fight is healed up. \"nWhat did you do to us Infeel better and stronger now,\" Ray asked. \" Ingave you a small sample of my energy, your back to normal now,\"nRancor said. \" You need to get going now, I'll handle Ben.\" Julienlooks at Ben, walks over and slaps him hard in the face, Ben fallsnover to the ground holding his face as lightning flashes. \"nJust fucking die!,\"nJulie said. Benntries to hook her in the face but misses, Ray walks over grabs Julieninstructs her to head back to the hotel, he turns and tells Rancor tonfinish the job. Rancor grabs Ben by the coat lifting him up in thenair. \" Nownyour finished,\" Rancor said. \" Whondo you think you are to say that I'm finished,\" Ben said. \"nYour worst nightmare,\"nRancor said. Benntries to use his hook arm to stab him in the face, however, Rancorngrabs his hook arm twisting the arm breaking it. He then throws himnhigh in the sky, he aims his palm in the direction that Ben is at. Annenergy comes out charging up, electricity coming out, he launched thenenergy ball attack. Ben screams as the energy attack hits him andnexplodes completely destroying him and disintegrating him. Julienturns as she hears an explosion and turns to see a fire ball of lightnexploding and disappearing, she realizes that Ben Willis is deadnwhere she can now live in peace. Finally, she turns to head back withnRay until she sees that Rancor is standing right in front of them. \" Inthink it would be a better idea if you keep quiet about this, yournstory would not make sense at all and you never see something likenthis every day,\" Rancor said. BothnRay and Julie agreed and thanked him, he then leaves them flyingnstraight up into the night sky disappearing. In the end, Ray andnJulie heads back to the hotel to ride out the storm. Endnof story. Intried my best at this story, I hoped you enjoyed it, also if you wantnto read the story about Rancor's Empire please go ahead. But pleasengive it a chance, it will be better soon. ","Summary":" Instill know what you did last summer Alternatenending. Thisnis an alternate ending of I still know"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"I know what your did last summer","Author":"cuco9999","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5386813","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Six Teens Ashley, Esther, Steve, Adam, Rachel and Casper were driving in a car from a party. Casper: Yeah Esther: Casper put your hands on the wheel Casper: What Esther: Whatever Ashley: Be Quiet I am to drunk to hear well Steve: OK Esther: Am I the only person that does not drink Rachel: Yeah want to try some Adam: Casper watch out Casper had just hit an old man. The six then went out. Rachel: Oh No what should we do Steve: Burry him and the secret dies with us all in favor Adam: Yes Rachel: Yes Casper: Lets do it Ashley: Of Course I am not going to jail Esther: We really should tell the police Steve: NO Esther: Okay Adam: Lets Burry him HALLOWEEN NEXT YEAR Rachel: Who is there The killer than came in the house Murdered Her mom while her Younger Sister Jacqueline Escaped. The Killer was putting an Ax through the door. Rachel: Okay I will let you in Mom She opened the door only it was not her mom. Rachel: It is You Killer: Yes Me don't you remember me Rachel was then at a corner of her room. Rachel : Why are you back Killer: Revenge Rachel: NO The Killer than axed Rachel in the chest as the killer left. ","Summary":" Six Teens Ashley, Esther, Steve, Adam, Rachel and Casper were driving in a car from a party. Casper"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"The Accident","Author":"FreeSmile45","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9314554","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys, my story is based on I Know What You Did Last Summer, the teen slasher from late 90s. I'm a big fan of it, actually I'm abig fan of teen horror movies! So, if you like it guys, let me know. I will wait reviews. Author Note: I'm not going to use the same characters like in the movies, but they are gonna be based on them, actually. It was 1998's summer. They didn't mean to kill him. Kill, strong word, isn't it? Well, they did. The four best friends, Nora, Alex, Julia and Carter did. They killed an innocent shy girl, who was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. But this isn't all. Do you know what happened to them? You are gonna find out soon, very soon. - Come on Carter, you drink so much, you should stop! Julia Weaver was sitting next to her drunk boyfriend, Carter Baker, who turned at her, sayed, with calm: - I don't drink.. at all. He finished his beer, in 2 minutes. Carter Baker was an attractive young boy, student at high-school. He was tall, dark-haired, with green eyes and very strong. All the ladies were crazy after him. - We have to go after Nora and Alex. Maybe their already at the car, without us... Julia Weaver, the most popular girl, was fawless. With her blonde long hair, big brown eyes, she could have any boy that she wanted. But she was in love just with a boy, and that was Carter. Whatever, she was very happy today: Julia was named the 1998's 'Croaker Queen'. Carter seemed like he didn't care. They heared steps and a familiar voice. It was Nora Carlton, Julia's best friend. The smart girl from the group, really didn't care about her physical look. Red-haired tall girl, brown eyes, small lips, not too fat and not too skinny. Alex's formal girlfriend, Julia's bestie and Carter's frenemy. They always didn't liked each other. - Hey Nora. Julia's sweet voice was hearing. Where's Alex? Isn't him with you? - Um, yeah, he's at the car, he's waiting for us. Let's go, we stayed too much. Carter rolled his eyes and he toke a beer. They were all in the car, listening a horrible pop song. Alex Waver was driving. Yes, Julia's brother. An ordinary boy, with blond hair. Big blue eyes. Boy-ish style, not a ladies-man, like his friend Carter. His love was Nora. Only his angel, Nora. - Baby, please, stop drinking. Julia was bagging her boyfriend to let the beer down, and focus at something else. Or someone else, her, for example. They started to have an argument, like they always had. Alex and Nora rolled their eyes, looking at each other. - Drunk fucking ass... Nora whispered. But weird, Carter heared her. - Shut the fuck up, arrogant bitch who thinks she knows everything! Carter yelled at her - Hey, guys, keep calm. Alex sayed, looking firstly at Carter, then at Nora. - Watch out! Julia screamed and they heared it. BUM! ","Summary":" Hey guys, my story is based on I Know What You Did Last Summer, the teen slasher from late 90s. I'm"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"I Know What We Did Last Summer","Author":"Nicolette134","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10533972","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Barry was supposed to be taking care of her. Before they'd even graduated, it was all mapped out. Helen and Ray were off to pursue whatever they were pursuing in New York, and Barry and Julie were headed to Boston for college. She was gonna be pre-law and he was going to be the hotshot star quarterback. Deep down he knew that Ray and Helen would never last in the Big Apple. They were meant for small town life- Ray would grow up to be a poor fisherman just like his old man had been and Helen would grow up to be a weather girl or something dumb and then marry someone rich and be a housewife. Helen would never last because here she was a big fish in a small pond, but there it'd be a big pond. She couldn't be a serious actress, in the end she was just another girl with a pretty face. He was no different. He wasn't too cocky, or too naïve, to know the truth. He'd be a star in college until some career ending injury left him with no choice but to return home and work for his father. He'd take over the business and settle down with some girl, not Helen, but someone just like her. They'd see each other around and they'd mean nothing to each other. They'd be just a memory, you know? Julie was better than that. She'd survive, she'd thrive, even, at their new school, and if she didn't become a lawyer she'd become something else. She'd keep in contact with Helen and Ray and try to make her relationship with the brown haired boy last, but it wouldn't. It wouldn't last and she'd be okay with that, because she was stronger than them all. After her father's death the town had been waiting with baited breath for the golden girl to fall apart, but she hadn't. She'd been fine. It'd taken time, but she'd maintained and grown. Sure, she wasn't the bright eyed, cheerleader type she'd once been, but she was okay with being the brains of the operation. The morals, the integrity, the /nice/ one, of her group of friends. She flourished. About a week before they left, before the accident, Ray invited Barry out for drinks. They were friends, sure, but they rarely went out without their girls, Helen and Julie had always been closer to each other than the boys had been. So, it was a little strange, but Barry figured it'd be like a last hurrah for the guys and joined him. So they went out and Ray just said it, flat out. He said, \"Barry, when you two are out there, take care of her for me, okay?\". Apparently Ray had know it too, deep down. Maybe he was a bit more optimistic about things than Barry, who'd always been a 'the glass is empty 'cause I drank it all' kinda guy, but he knew. Barry would have to take care of Julie if anything happened, because let's face it, bad things happen to that chick all the freaking time. Ray wouldn't be around, Helen wouldn't be around, and her mother wouldn't be around, so Barry won the job by default. Julie didn't usually let people in, so it wasn't clear what role, if any, her roommate would have in her life. If it weren't for Helen and Ray she probably would never speak to anyone, let alone Barry of all people, but he'd be all she had. It's too bad for her, really, but still. The issue was, he hadn't taken care of her. After that thing that summer she'd been a mess. She went to school even more closed off that she'd already been and then they all sort of lost contact. He saw her around and she looked like shit, frankly. He asked around and she wasn't doing well in her classes and she wasn't making many friends; she was a mess. He was supposed to be taking care of her, but he didn't. He avoided her around campus and in the cafeteria. He never even needed to avoid her at parties cause she didn't go to any. She didn't even look like she showered much, and she only looked worse if she noticed him noticing her at any point. She looked downright sick. So one day her went up to her. \"Julie, you can't be like this,\" he said, \"This isn't you.\" \"Killing a guy and then getting rid of the body wasn't me either,\" she answered, matter of factly, \"Guess things change.\" After she walked away and left him there speechless, he didn't try to take care of her anymore. ","Summary":" Barry was supposed to be taking care of her. Before they'd even graduated, it was all mapped out. H"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"Baked Beans and Butterflies","Author":"Bonjour Bonito","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3019531","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cheerleaders were the bane of Barry's existence. They were obnoxious, they were dumb and probably worst of all- they had vocal cords. He blinked at the anonymous redhead standing next to him. He was vaguely aware that she was saying something, after all, her lips were moving, but the specifics were one big blur. But while his impulses were urging him to take the brunette's neck and squeeze, his eyes were insisting that he just zero in on her chest. Her very nice chest. \"…so then Stephanie tells Ashley, who slept with Kyle, that she should totally go out with Brad, knowing that…\" Her very nice and delightful chest. \"…Brad has been Kyle's sworn enemy since like the womb, but of course…\" Her very nice and delightfully full chest. \"…being the total space cadet that she is, Ashley completely neglected to think about that and had sex with Brad during half-time in the boys locker ro…um, Barry are you even listening to me?\" Her very nice and... \"Wha…what?\" He questioned, as the redhead's sharp nudge dragged him out of his daze. \"I said are you listening to me?\" She repeated, growing annoyed. \"Not really.\" He deadpanned. She gasped dramatically, as if he had just told her she had grown a second head. Which for all Barry knew, could have very well been true, considering the fact that he was still very much focused on her nice and delightfully full… \"I can't believe you!\" She roared, as if ignoring her was a crime against man. Of course, as far as Barry was concerned, the fact that she was even allowed to speak was a crime against man as well as nature. \"To tell you the truth, you pretty much lost me after 'Hello'\" He explained, shrugging his shoulders carelessly, \"In fact, I don't even remember your name. And while Anonymous-big-breasted-cheerleader is more than fitting, I think you'll agree that it's both entirely too long as well as broad.\" \"Y-you jerk, I-\" She stopped abruptly, obviously incapable of forming a coherent comeback. He watched with a grin as she quickly made her way down the hall with a loud 'huff'. Oh, she'd be back. Of course next time he'd have to remember to bring ear plugs. He chuckled lightly as he turned to open his locker. Ah, cheerleaders. Sure they were annoying as hell, but they were also easy. Almost too easy. \"Though I'm well aware that bullying innocent girls is your favorite pastime next to masturbating to your Pink Power Ranger pin-up, I still think you should know that it's rather unappealing to third party onlookers.\" Barry's smile quickly disappeared at the sound of an all too familiar voice. As he closed his locker door he was met with the accusing gaze of one ticked off Julie James. \"Gee Julie, I didn't even see you there.\" He greeted sullenly while swinging his backpack over his shoulder. Julie merely snorted, \"I don't find that surprising, being that you were much too busy making Marcy Dunkin feel completely inadequate in your presence.\" Barry raised his left eyebrow, \"Who the hell's Marcy Dunkin?\" \"Only the redhead you berated less than five seconds ago.\" She explained apparent distaste in her voice. \"Marcy, is it?\" He repeated the name with what Julie assumed was his thoughtful expression, though in actuality, he just looked constipated. \"I would have thought her more of a 'Pamela'.\" Julie groaned, \"I know I'll probably regret this, but out of curiosity, may I ask why that is?\" Barry grinned, \"Did you see her chest. I mean the chick literally had tits for days.\" Julie rolled her eyes, \"While you just confirmed that men are, in fact, the inferior sex, I still fail to see why you thought Marcy looked like a 'Pamela'.\" The blond quarterback stared at her as if she had just asked if the sky was blue. \"C'mon Julie, big boobs- Pamela Anderson. It's not quantum physics, just basic female anatomy.\" Julie blinked slowly, still not understanding, \"Um, what?\" \"Don't tell me you don't know who Pamela Anderson is?\" Barry asked with both a hint of amusement and disbelief at the brunette's blatant ignorance of the actress in question, \"Haven't you ever seen 'Baywatch'?\" Julie couldn't help but grin at the blond in front of her, \"Though it may come as some sort of shock to you, I try not to watch anything that will significantly lower my IQ to that of my shoe size in the short span of 30 minutes.\" Barry smirked slowly at the thin brunette, \"Oh yes, I must have forgotten, you are much to busy watching repeats of 'Touched By an Angel' to ever fully appreciate a television series that provides both quality and entertainment.\" \"Okay, first of all,\" Julie said tightly, grimacing at the fact that anyone could believe that travesty of a show was entertaining, \"while 'Baywatch' presents many things such as awful actors, a miserable excuse of a script, and month's worth of masturbation material for 40 year-old men who are completely incapable of being in the same room with someone of the opposite without either A) creaming in their corduroy pants or B) passing out cold, it does not present anything that even scarcely resembles \"quality\". Instead, the show offers quantity, and in the form of cleavage no less. The basic premises of the series revolves around big-chested women who happen to use their breast as floatation devices. And while that act is certainly convenient, it only exposes the show for what it really is; pure, unadulterated crap . And for the record,\" She said sharply before taking a breath from her spontaneous crusade against all things 'Baywatch', \"'Touched By an Angel' just so happens to be a series full of both quality and entertainment . It delivers a beautiful message regarding the greater good and the strength of man, while also providing both hope and understanding for humanity.\" Barry stared blankly at the brunette in front of him, still reeling slightly from her rather drawn-out speech. \"Well Julie, I think it's safe to say that you've not only managed to leave me with a headache that could last for hours, if not days, but you've also successfully reminded me just why it was that I, along with the better half of the school's male population, try to avoid your mere presence at all cost. That being said,\" He quickly pushed past her, and flippantly called over his shoulder, \"Au Revoir.\" Julie blinked slowly at the empty spot that Barry had occupied only seconds earlier before turning around quickly to follow him down the hall. \"Hey,\" she called out sharply, before falling into step with him in surprising ease, \"We haven't finished talking yet!\" \"While I'm practically dying to hear more concerning your feminist tirade over the treachery of women with melon-sized tits on 'Baywatch', I'm afraid I have other things engagements to attend to. Ya know the usual; nerds to permanently handicap, insanely hot girls to fuck. You see, a jock's civil duty is never fully done.\" He quickened his step as he turned the corner, \"I'm sure you understand.\" \"Wait!\" she said suddenly, jumping in front of him before he reached the door. \"This is important.\" The blond's light brow arched at Julie's irrational behavior. He eyed her with both curiosity and distaste, \"And what, pray tell, is so important that you had to block my only exit to the outside world… away from you .\" Julie heaved a sigh, glad to finally have Barry's full attention. Albeit negative, but attention nonetheless. \"It's about Marcy Dunkin.\" Barry stared at her dumbly, \"Who?\" Julie rolled her eyes \"You know the \"big-breasted\" redhead you were talking to earlier?\" The blond teenager continued to look at her blankly before a flash of recognition finally settled into his eyes, \"Oh, you mean Pamela!\" Julie was about to fire a very 'unlady'-like barb, but for the sake of time she decided to ignore the quarterback's blatant bout of stupidity just this once, \"yeah…err… that's the one. Anyway, I overheard your conversation, and while it seemed that…\" \"Wait, wait, wait\" Barry interrupted, shaking his head with a smirk, \"You mean, you were actually ease-dropping .\" Julie's eye's narrowed at the blond's haughty accusation, \"Like I said before I merely overheard your conversation. Besides, my ears were practically assaulted by your obvious insensitivity and disregard for Marcy's feelings. And on that note,\" she said tightly, crossing her arms over her chest, \"you're a real asshole.\" Barry grinned at the sudden change in direction. For all the (regretful) years that he had known Julie, she had never once been able to pass up the opportunity to remind him just how much of a 'jerk' he was (save for that one time when they were eight years old and she had came down with bronchitis and couldn't really speak, much less insult him. Of course, only then had she taken up a new method of getting her point across, and had opted to swatting him in the back of the head… over and over again). Barry grinned easily, \"An asshole am I? Well I'll bet any day that's its far better than being an uptight, frigid little bitch. And since you just so happen to be one yourself, what do you say we compare notes?\" \"Har.Har.\" She said dryly, miffed that she had gotten off subject so easily, \"But right now let's discuss the issue of Marcy Dunkin.\" \"Pamela,\" he corrected. \"And I wasn't aware that there was even an issueto discuss. The chick's a cheerleader for god's sake. Easy Pussy equipped with pom poms and a mini-skirt. Case closed.\" Julie grimaced, \"If you were any more repugnant, it'd be illegal.\" Barry grinned at her 'supposed' distaste, and waggled his eyebrows suggestively. \"And if you were any more turned on by me, you'd have to change out of your granny-esque panties.\" Julie simply snorted, \"Some other lifetime, Cox.\" \"Your loss baby,\" He replied breezily, as he tried to make his way pass the brunette. That is, until a determined hand shoved him back into place. \"We're not finish yet.\" Barry groaned loudly in protest, like a temperamental boy starved for Sega. \"What could you possibly want now, you witch woman! It's apparent that you don't have anything important to say. This was obviously just some ill-crafted plot to get me alone.\" The brunette rolled her eyes, \"Don't flatter yourself just yet. Look, it's about you and Marcy…\" \"Pamela,\" he corrected once again. Julie rolled her eyes, \"Whatever. So about…Pamela…\" \"What about her?\" He interrupted impatiently. \"Is there any chance you'll let me finish?\" She asked irritably. \"Is there any chance you'll get to the point?\" He countered equally annoyed. \"Look asshole!\" She exclaimed, ticked off at his impatience and obvious disinterest, \"The only reason I was talking about Marcy…or Pamela, or whatever the hell it is that you want to call her, is because of Helen. For some strange reason, beyond my level of understanding, she likes you, or better yet, thinks she likes you. And for another equally strange reason, she seemed to be under the impression that you and I were close, which is absolutely ridiculous considering the fact that the only time I would want to be near you is if you were hanging over a ledge and were about to plummet 6,000 feet into a field of rusty nails. Of course, being the great friend that I am, I ignored that gory little detail and decided to help her snag you for the simple sake of her happiness. Though, once again, I'm at a loss as to how she could ever be happy with you , but I've chosen to overlook her poor choice in men in the interest of being a nonjudgmental 'pal'. So now I'm going to report back to Helen and tell her like it is. I'm going to tell her that you are probably going to fuck Marcy in the near future, my bet, within the next hour. I'm also going to tell her that you will probably try to get into her pants as well, more than likely, thirty minutes after you have gotten into Marcy's, since you seem to be partial to cheerleaders, though you claim they are like 'dolled up crack whores minus the charm'. I'm also going to tell her for the umpteenth time since 4th period that she's making a serious mistake trying to get involved with you, since you are, and always will be, a complete and total dick. But for the umpteenth time since 4th period, she'll ignore my warnings, and insist that there's 'more to you than what's on the surface'. Which is complete bullshit, because in all honesty, I think she really only likes you because she thinks you have great hair or something equally vain. In fact, she's quite obsessed with hair…but I digress. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go find the hair lunatic in question, and tell her everything I know, which in actuality won't be anything different from what I told her for the umpteenth time since 4th period. That being said,\" Julie pushed open the door, and flippantly over her shoulder she said, \"Au Revoir jackass.\" Barry was left to stare absolutely dumbfounded and bewildered as the door closed in Julie's wake. He wasn't quite sure what had just happened…or even why. Although he knew from years of unfortunate experience and circumstance that the sometimes volatile Julie James was liable to dive into incoherent rants at any given moment, and oddly enough, he was usually at the receiving end of said rants. However, her latest was, for a lack of an actual existing word, quite 'ergh'. And he didn't know if that was an exceptionally bad or curiously good thing. During her entire declamation, Barry only managed to think of two things: 1) Given that school was actually over, he could probably be out in the courtyard, respectively beating the living shit out of Ian McKeener- the miserable little Sasquatch who had had the nerve to give him lip after Barry had eloquently, in the middle of World Studies class, described his rather insightful exploration of the twerp's sister. And 2) 'Seething with anger' was a frightfully hot look for Julie. (Though, Barry was very well acquainted with this thought. In fact, though he would rather whip himself with his own testicles than admit it out loud, he thought that she incredibly…daresay sexy, when she was angry. And since she was so soft-spoken in most circles, he nearly drank up the sight of her whenever he could…) Understandably, Barry did his best to ignore that last particular thought. Of course he couldn't honestly be attracted to Julie James- since to the best of his knowledge, hell hadn't completely frozen over yet. Besides, they had known each other since they were small children, and from day one there had only been one feeling between them; contempt. Years of disdain didn't just disappear overnight. So with determination, Barry William Cox declared his semi-erect 'solider' at ease, and decided to focus on one part in particular of Julie's rant. With a cocky smile he ran his fingers through his short golden curls as he made his way towards the door. Helen Shivers thinks I have great hair. A/N: I'm not exactly sure if this story will end up as Barry/Julie or Barry/Helen (though I'm quite partial to the latter), so you'll just have to bear with me as the story progresses. I always thought that Barry and Julie would make for an interesting pairing to write, and they have proven to be just that so far. ","Summary":" Cheerleaders were the bane of Barry's existence. They were obnoxious, they were dumb and probably w"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"I Know You Are Ticklish","Author":"MissFeral","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12248876","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It seemed like an ordinary day at the dock for the fishermen. They all went about their daily work, oblivious to the terror and confusion that a certain four teenagers were facing at this moment. A girl named Julie James had received a threatening note from an unknown person. It sent shivers down her spine whenever she read those seven little words… I know what you did last summer. The four youngsters knew damn well what the note was talking about. Somebody knew…Somebody saw what they did to that fisherman last July. Who could have sent this terrible note? Julie, Helen, and Barry went down to the docks to confront a young man named Max, who Barry suspected to be the culprit. Barry grabbed Max by the collar and slammed him into a wall of ice, threatening him with a huge hook. Startled, Max denied knowing anything about the note. Barry then released him and stormed out of the room. \"Motherfucker,\" Max called after him, \"Don't you test me, motherfucker, I'll call the cops on your college quarterback ass!\" Later… Max was working in the room of ice, still confused as to why Barry would rough him up and accuse him of something he knew nothing about. A figure in a black hat and rain slicker crept silently into the room. He picked up an ice hook and approached Max from behind, whacking him in the head with the rounded part of the hook. Max cried out in pain and fell to the floor, unconscious. When Max awoke, he was laying on his stomach on the floor. He tried to get up but he couldn't. His arms and legs were tied together behind his back with thick, strong ropes. He had been hog-tied. \"HELP! SOMEBODY HELP ME!\" Then he heard heavy footsteps walking towards him. He looked up and saw The Fisherman looming over him with a hook in his hand. \"You goddamn motherfucking piece of shithead!\" Max shouted, struggling. \"Let me go NOW!\" The Fisherman knelt down and cupped Max's chin in his gloved hand. Max stared up at him with confused and frightened eyes. The Fisherman's face was hidden deep under his hat. Max's eyes widened as The Fisherman brought the hook close to Max's face and let it run gently along his cheek. \"Fuck…don't…don't do this! Don't hurt me!\" Max squeezed his eyes shut and waited for the cold hook to slice open his cheek. Then The Fisherman stood up and walked away for a moment. At first, Max thought his assailant was going to disappear and leave him for dead. But then he felt his shoes being tugged at. \"What are you doing, fucker? Let me go!\" The Fisherman removed Max's shoes and socks. \"What the fuck are you doing?\" Max shouted, as the cold air chilled his naked feet. The Fisherman chuckled at the young man's endless struggles and cursing. Then he ran his index finger lightly down Max's soles, making him giggle and squirm. \"Nononono! Stop it! Heeheeheehee! That tihihickles!\" Max squealed. Suddenly, The Fisherman began scribbling his fingers all over his soles. \"NOT MY FEET!\" Max shrieked, as he burst into a fit of laughter. The Fisherman grabbed some string and tied his big toes together to limit movement. He was going to have such fun torturing this guy. He admired Max's feet very much…they were big, smooth, smelly, and deathly ticklish. \"AAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHA! SHIT SHIT SHIT! STOOOOOOP!\" Max screamed, as those large fingers danced on the soles of his feet. But The Fisherman didn't stop for one second. He tickled fast and slow, starting at the heels and moving up to his toes. He dug his fingers between the meaty toes and scratched the undersides of them. He scribbled on the soft arches for several minutes at a time. Max screamed with laughter and fought like a madman to free himself, but it was hopeless. The ropes were so strong that they could only be cut through with a knife. There was no way he could get out of this. \"OOOOOOHH PLEASE PLEEHEHEHEHEASE! HAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE! HEEHEHEHEEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE! C-CUT IT OUT!\" The torture carried on this way for a whole hour before The Fisherman stopped. Max was drenched in sweat and his face was crimson and stained with tears. He was whimpering and giggling as he struggled to catch his breath. The Fisherman grinned wickedly, savoring every second of his victim's nightmare. The sound of the guy blubbering like a baby was music to his ears. \"Oh, God…oh, God, please…no more.\" The Fisherman came up, grabbed Max's hair and smacked him hard in the face. And then he did it again…and again. Then he started punching him in the face over and over again. The Fisherman raised his hook and bashed Max's head with the side of it. He continued this nonstop for five minutes. By the time the beating was over, blood was spurting from Max's head, lips, and nose. His eyes were now two black blotches. The agony of his injuries, plus the horrible tickling he had endured, made him cry like a little girl. The Fisherman stood and started kicking him in the ribs and stomach. He then found a tire iron and bashed Max's ribcage, loudly breaking all the ribs on that side. The gut-wrenching scream that followed went unheard by everyone else on the dock. \"Stop…please. Stop hurting me. I can't take it anymore,\" Max sobbed, tears and blood trailing down his face. The Fisherman was still for a moment. Then he raised the tire iron and slammed it down on Max's ass, making the poor guy scream in agony. After this, a few moments passed and nothing else happened so Max thought that maybe the torture was over. He wasn't exactly a \"praying\" kind of guy but right now he was praying that somebody would come to rescue him. He tried to call for help but he was too weak and sore. His broken ribs hurt so much that he could barely breathe, let alone call out. He felt like he was on the verge of death. Sadly for him, The Fisherman wasn't done. Max felt something soft and fluffy rub against the soles of his feet. It made him burst out laughing. \"OH DEAR GOD! AAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA NOOOOOOO! SOMEBODY HELP ME! PLEEEEEEASE! HEEHEEHEHEEHEHEEEHEHEHEHEHE!\" The Fisherman was using a big seagull feather to tickle his feet. This was the worst moment of his entire life. The laughter being forced out of him caused his broken ribcage to hurt like HELL. The agonizing pain combined with the torment of the tickly feather caused him to reach a new level of anguish. It was the worst pain he had ever felt in his life. His eyesight was blurred by tears and he could no longer breathe at all. Finally, after two hours, unconsciousness mercifully stepped in. The Fisherman dropped the feather and picked up his hook… He plunged the sharp tool into Max's neck, right under his chin. Then he dragged the body across the room, smearing a coat of blood on the floor. Victim #1 was complete. ","Summary":" It seemed like an ordinary day at the dock for the fishermen. They all went about their daily work,"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"I'll Forever Know What You Did Last Summer","Author":"I-Should-Care-But-I-Dont","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3500737","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A scream. FADE IN: EXT. WOODS -- NIGHT KARLA WILSON runs through the woods. She is running from something; although we can't see it, we know what it is. She trips over a root, falling face-first in the mud. She looks up to see... a man, IN A SLICKER, standing above her. He holds a large fishing hook. As he raises the hook, Karla lets out a blood curdling scream before kicking her attacker. Getting up she cries out: KARLA: Help! Somebody, please help me! But nobody can hear her. She turns around, he's gone. KARLA: Thank God! Karla leans against a tree; tears flow down her cheeks. KARLA: Julie... how could you leave me like that? I miss you. Please come back. I need you. She wipes the tears from her eyes and turns around. He's there! Karla screams again, before she can run, he throws his hook into her stomach. Blood pours out of her mouth, pouring down he neck, staining her shirt. She falls to the ground, DEAD. FADE OUT EXT. BEACH -- NIGHT A fire. Burning on the beach. Obviously a bonfire. A large group of high school students are there, partying- celebrating their graduations. CLOSE UP on a group of three students. NICOLE JOHNSON, CORY SULLIVAN, and RYAN COOK sit at a table. Nicole and Cory are drinking and Cory also writes in a notebook. MEL: You'll never guess what I just heard. CAMERA PANS to reveal MEL COOK and JAY CHURCHILL. Jay is giving Mel a piggyback ride. RYAN: Oh? And what's that? MEL: Ok, remember that story about the guy in the slicker? CORY: You mean that bullshit urban legend? MEL: Yes. Well anyway, apparently it's based on a true event. Jay, tell them. JAY: My mom was watching the news this morning, and they were talking about this woman, Karla Wilson, who was found dead. Gutted in the woods outside her house. NICOLE: (interrupting) Wow! A woman's been murdered in the U.S. What a surprise! MEL: And apparently, Karla was involved in this mass murder spree on this little island in the Bahamas. She won this radio contest, took some friends, and they were all killed. RYAN: And this should interest us, why? JAY: Well the guy who attacked them wore a slicker. And he attacked two of the victims the year before. RYAN: Yeah, so what? Coincidence. JAY: No, that's what the legend's based off of. That's where it originated. CORY: Urban legends are just stories made up to try and teach you something. NICOLE: Right, like with Scream. It's obviously a legend, warning you not to talk to strangers. JAY: Nicole, Scream is a movie. This is a true story. CORY: Right, and so is The Ring. MEL: (laughing) So what's up? Are we going to the movies or not? I really don't want to hang around here all night. RYAN: Anything to get us out of here before the cops show up. Cory shuts his notebook. CORY: Well let's go then. EXT. MOVIE THEATER -- NIGHT A couple hours have passed and the movie has let out. Ryan, Mel, Jay, Nicole, and Cory walk out of the theater. Jay has his arm around Mel. NICOLE: I swear, that was the biggest waste of my life. I should get a refund. The ending was way to predictable, the slutty blonde chick couldn't act for shit, and the killer's motive was just stupid. RYAN: Nicole, school's over, you're not a movie critic for The Herald anymore. Mel and Jay kiss. NICOLE: Sorry. The five friends round the corner into the parking lot; it's empty except for two cars. Suddenly a man, aged late-20's rises from behind the car closest to them. He points a gun at them. MAN: On the ground! All of you! NOW! MEL: (raising hands) Whoa! Ok, don't shoot. MAN: (points to Nicole) You! Give me the purse! Nicole takes her purse and throws it to him. Jay moves for the man, who points the gun directly at him. MAN: Don't you fucking move boy! Jay puts his hands behind his head. The man notices something. MAN: Nice watch you got there. Jay takes off his watch, throwing it to the man. He then grabs Mel and puts the gun to her head. MAN: All your wallets. Ryan's pissed. That's his sister for crying out loud! MAN: NOW! Ryan's the first to reach into his pocket. However he doesn't pull out his wallet, he pulls out a pocketknife. Open's it, throwing it at the man, just missing. MAN: You're going to regret that! He cocks the gun, putting it right by Mel's right ear. RYAN: NO! He runs at the man, tackling him, the gun flying out of the man's hand. Ryan starts to punch him, choke him, whatever he can. But the man rolls over, on top of Ryan, grabs the knife off the ground, and puts it to Ryan's throat. MAN: Told you, you were going to regret that! Jay grabs the gun off the ground. Pulls the trigger- BANG! The gun shoots the man in the back of the head. Nicole screams, blood flies, the man's body falls on Ryan, who pushes him off. Blood stains the front of his shirt. RYAN: Oh my god! You killed him. JAY: I-I had to, you'd be dead if I hadn't. RYAN: Yeah, but you killed him. I mean, look at this! He looks down at his shirt. RYAN: We have to go to the police. JAY: What? Are you crazy? RYAN: If it was self-defence, then it'll be fine. But if we just leave the body-- JAY: (interrupting) You think they'll believe us? I mean, c'mon, with my record, they'll think I killed him on purpose. NICOLE: You said it yourself; you did it to save Ryan. JAY: They won't believe me! RYAN: They'll think it was me, I'm the one covered in blood. MEL: But you have a clean record. JAY: We are not going to the police. CORY: Well we have to do something, and we have to do it fast. Somebody must have heard the gunshot! NICOLE: Which means the police are coming. RYAN: Good, we'll explain everything when they get here. JAY: You mean before, or after they see you? RYAN: Jay, would you shut up for just a minute? We are going to the police! JAY: NO! They see us in front of a dead body, and they're going to think we did it. CORY: We did do it! Well, you did anyway. NICOLE: This isn't getting us anywhere. If somebody heard the gunshot, then the police will be here in like two minutes. MEL: Look, we are going to the police. That's final! JAY: Think about it, we go, we're fucked! Knowing the pigs in this town, they won't believe us! RYAN: So what do we do, huh? Do we just leave the body, pray to God we didn't leave any evidence? JAY: No-- He thinks. JAY: We get rid of it. CORY: Oh, and what happens next year, when some guy in a raincoat starts killing us? That's how the story goes after all. JAY: You said it yourself Cory, it's just an urban legend. MEL: So what's it going to be? Pause as the five friends think. Staring at eachother, deciding what to do. JAY: Well? CORY: Let's take the body down to the beach, burn it. MEL: Cory! CORY: Mel, I'm scared. Jay's right, they might not believe us. I don't have the cleanest record. We're eighteen now, if they don't believe us, we're looking at life in prison. JAY: Or death. Mel? Ryan? Nicole? What's it going to be? Another pause. NICOLE: Fine! MEL: (overlapping) Do it. Ryan says nothing. JAY: Ryan? RYAN: Whatever. Jay takes out his keys and pops the trunk. He and Cory lift the body into it, and shut it. JAY: C'mon, we've got to get out of here! They all get in the car, and pull out of the parking lot. EXT. BEACH -- NIGHT About half an hour later. Ryan, Mel, Jay, Nicole, and Cory sit around a dying fire. They are the only people there. MEL: This seems really wrong. JAY: It is wrong, but what other choice do we have? RYAN: How about, telling the turth? CORY: Look, we've already decided. Let's just get this over with. Cory and Jay drag the body from behind them, and lay it in the embers. Jay takes some lighter fluid out of his coat pocket and covers the body in it. JAY: Ready? Nobody replies. They're all to scared. Jay lights a match, drops it onto the body. It instantly ignites and burns JAY: Right here, we take an oath. We keep our mouths shut. After the movie, we all went out for pizza, and that's it. This never happened! Agreed? CORY: Agreed. Agreed? NICOLE: Agreed. Neither Ryan nor Mel say anything. JAY: Say it! MEL: (on the verge of tears) Agreed. Ryan rolls his eyes. RYAN: Yeah, sure, agreed. ","Summary":" A scream. FADE IN: EXT. WOODS -- NIGHT KARLA WILSON runs through the woods. She is running from som"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"Nightmares","Author":"americangrl69","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3895359","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Nightmares Fandom: I Still Know What You Did LastnSummer Characters/Pairings: Julie/Will Rating: PG Word Count: 123 Disclaimer: I don't own InStill Know or any of it's characters. Summary: Will has anbad dream. A/N: I wrote this for friend. Feedback isnappreciated. Will stood watchingnin horror as his father shot Julie. It was like it was all happeningnin slow motion and there wasn't anything he could do to stop it. He held Julie'snlifeless body in his arms. \"Julie, please wake up? I can't losenyou.\" Will pleaded though he knew it was no use she wasngone. Will's eyes shot open. He looked over franticallynat the other side of the bed to find a sleeping Julie next to him. Henlet out a sigh of relief. It was only a dream. His father was stillndead. And Julie was safe. Knowing Julie was still safe, he letnhimself fall back to sleep. Knowing that his father could never hurtnthem again. ","Summary":" Title: Nightmares Fandom: I Still Know What You Did LastnSummer Characters/Pairings: Julie/Will Rat"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"I Know What You Did Last Summer: a little twist 2","Author":"leftwinger445","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2983776","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I Know What You DidnLast Summer: A little Twist part 2 It has been so longnsince I ever thought of continuing my story but for those who haven'tnread the first hear it is. I do Not own I KnownWhat You Did Last Summer. Itnwas the 4th of July around 9:00 in South Port, Maine. This is wherenit all started this is where it might have been the last 4th of July.nFour friends Julie James, Ray Bronson, Barry Cox, and Helen Shiversnwere all at a party outside a huge mansion. There was a rock band,nbeer, food everything they needed. Barry seemed the only one gettingnloaded up on beer. Every one else knew it was the wrong thing to do.n\"Barry enough you'll bee regretting this\" cried Helen. \"I'mnjust enjoying myself\" Barry replied. \"Listen Barry we can takenJulie and Ray down to our spot on the beach and lay down for anwhile\". \"Ok, But I'm driving\". \"Why don't you let Ray ornJulie drive\" Helen asked. \"Fine those asses better not crash myncar. \"Julie, Ray c'mon we're going to head down to the beachnfor the night\" Helen cried to Julie and Ray. Oncenthey were all in Barry's sports car they head off towards thenbeach. \"Ray turn on the music\" Julie cried who seemed to bensitting in the Passengers seat. Ray bent over to turn on the musicnwhen Barry screamed \"What the hell is that crap music\". \"BarrynI didn't even turn on the radio yet\" cried Ray. Barry climbednthrough the front seat to turn the radio on bumping into Ray andnJulie. \"Jesus Barry\" Julie said as she pushed him back. Barry gotnup and smacked Julie don't you ever god damn touch me. \"Barry\"nHelen yelled as Barry hit Julie on the side of the face again.nJulie's face smacked up against the window smashing it into tinynlittle pieces. \"You fued my car\" Barry yelled. Barry keptnreaching over to hit Julie once again. Ray was holding him back withnone hand trying to pay attention to the car. Barry got up and punchednRay across the face as hard as he could. \"Don't touch the jacket\"nhe cried. \"Barry, look out\" cried Helen pointing at a man flyingnin mid air coming towards them. The man flew through the windownlanding on Helen. Helen gave a great scream at the top of herenlounges. \"My fucin car\" cried Barry. \"Stop worrying about yourngod damn car and worry about the god damn dead guy in the car\"nJulie cried. Helen sat there with her eyes closed petrified. All fournkids got out of the car that was smashed onto the side of the hill.n\"It was dark out and he came flying into the car I swear flying\"ncried Ray. \"We have to go to the police\" cried Julie. \"Oh mannwe're through. \"Stop it\" cried Helen. \"We need to go to thenpolice\" cried Helen. \"And what spend our whole life in jail\"nCried Barry. \"Ray just sat there with his hands over his eyes. \"Thenocean\" Ray said in a whisper. \"What was that\" Helen asked. \"Thenocean we can throw him over that dock over there\" Ray said as henpointed to the dock. \"No we can't\" Muttered Julie. \"No wait,nthat's a good idea. We can throw him over the dock no one will findnhim for weeks or maybe months. And besides the current will push himnout further\" cried Barry. \"And besides its either that or jail\"nRay cried. \"No we can go to the police they'll believe us\"ncried Julie. \"No we're fucin throwing him over the dock we havenno other choice\" cried Barry. \"Fine lets just get it over with\"ncried Helen with the blood of the man splattered on her face. \"Ok.nHelp me carry him to the dock. Ray, Barry, and Helen all got the mannfrom the car and headed towards the dock. \"You throw him\" criednHelen. \"No cried\" Barry and Ray at the same time. \"Fine\"ncried Helen, all three dropped the man onto his back. They all justnstood there for a few seconds. \"Well go on\" cried Barry. Helennbent over to push the guy in the water when his eyes came open. Hengrabbed Helens arm who was screaming in terror. Ray went over to helpnHelen but tripped and slammed his head on the dock. Julie who wasnwaiting by the car was watching everything and was also scared tonhell. Barry went over and flipped the man into the water. The man wasntoo weak to swim tot eh top of the ocean. Julie who was covering herneyes waiting at the car heard a man walk up to Julie. \"Why hello\"nthe man cried. Julie froze in terror and turned slowly behind her. Anman stood there with a hook placed as his missing hand. Julienscreamed in terror. And back down at the dock all three of themnlooked up to see why Julie was screaming. \"Shit. Julie run!\"ncried Barry. Julie got up and started to run while the hooked mannstarted to chase Julie. Ray got up taking along a log just big enoughnto knock someone out. Julie kept running with the hooked man chasingnher. Julie was running towards what seemed to be a road block. Julienstopped in terror and looked behind her. The hooked raised his hooknand said \"goodnight Julie\"… Tonbe continued NownI Know What You Did Last Summer: A little Twist 2. Thenhooked man slammed down on the ground just missing Julie. Julienraised her foot and kicked the man in the fast leaving him on thenground with a bloody nose. Julie got up and started to run to Ray whonhad a log in his hand. \"Julie\" he cried. \"Are you alright?\"nJulie was in such a state of shock she could not even answer. Julienhad her head on Ray's chest. She was bursting out in tears. Barryngot up to run over to Julie But he got up and fell backwards andnslammed his head on the dock leaving him out cold. Helen sat in frontnof Barry also in a state of shock. Seeing Barry bleeding from thenhead left Helen speechless. From behind Helen a body emerged from thenwater without making one sound. The body climbed onto the docknstanding behind Helen. Juliensaw over Ray's shoulder the wet man behind Helen. \"HELEN MOVE\"ncried Julie at the top of her lungs. Helen turned around to find thenman behind her. She was not quick enough to get away. The man grabbednHelen by the hair and started to lift her. \"SHIT\" Ray cried. Rayntried to run over but a hook came over and into his shoulder. Raynscreamed in pain and fell to the ground. Half of his should came offnand was stuck to the hook. Julie screamed in terror. She just couldnnot think strait. The shoulder fell off the hook and landed in frontnof Ray. Ray had wide eyes staring at his shoulder place on thenground. Ray looked up to see the Hooked man laughing. Julie passednout at the sight of blood. The hooked hand came and slashed intonRay's head. Ray had no chance of survival. Downnat the dock Helen screamed in terror. The wet man had a tight grip onnHelens hair. Barry woke up to see the wet man holding Helens hair.nBarry could not bare this sight. He jumped on the man and Helennbringing all of them into the water. The man let go of Helens hair asnshe swam to the surface. Barry also tried to swim to the surface butnthe man had a grip on his ankle. Barry shook his leg. His foot camenloose and he swam to the surface. The man just got lower and lowerninto the water. Helen and Barry climbed onto the dock. They ran up tonthe street in search for Julie and Ray. But all they found was bloodnsplatterd every where, guts on the ground, and a head in the middlenof the street. They also found Julie unconscious by the side of thenroad. Barry and Helen ran over to Julie to check her pulse. Her pulsenwas normal. But the situation was not. Julie woke up to find Barrynand Helen infront of her. \"He took Ray\" Julie cried in terror. \"NonJulie Ray is right there\" Barry said as he pointed to the head innthe street. Helennand Barry covered up the area leaving no trace of murder. Julie wasnin such a state of shock she could not move. OnenYear later Barry,nHelen, and Julie all now went to the same collage. Julie and Helennbunked together and Barry Bunked alone right below them. It was 3:34nin Julie and Helens room. They had one hour before their next class.nBoth of them sat on the ground playing cards, drinking soda, andntalking. They were so peaceful until a knock was heard on their door.nJulie stood up slowly and walked towards the door. She slowly openednthe door to fine a tall man with a scare in his head standing beforenJulie. \"Ray?\" TonBe Continued……….. ","Summary":" I Know What You DidnLast Summer: A little Twist part 2 It has been so longnsince I ever thought of "},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"Hook","Author":"nikstarr","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2257998","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If anyone thinks this is rated R, I'm sorry. I couldn'tntell. The Hook The chime echoednacross the cliff. David stared at the necklace remembering the day hengave it to Suzy right before the accident. Her smile had warmed hisnheart with delight and pleasure, but then she was gone, like a cometncrossing the night sky. It wasn'tnhis fault. He knew that. It was the car that wasn't working, henthought. But he still felt guilty about the whole thing. He heard a noisenin the back of him, so he turned around. Nothing. Then the fireworksnburst into the sky. Today was July 4, he remembered the day well, itnwas the one year anniversary of his loved one's death. Today wasnthe day of the parade as well, and the Croaker Queen Pageant. Then came thennoise again. He turned around and still no one was there. Davidnlooked down past where he was sitting. The distance was outrageous. \" It is farndown isn't it David?\" said a voice in back of him. David turned around andnsaw Suzy's father, Ben, standing a few feet back.\" Yes it is.\"nHe replied. Ben chuckled,n\"I bet it would hurt to fall that far. What a painful death.\" David kept silent. Henknew it must be hard for Suzy's father as well as himself. He onlynhad new her for a year, but Ben had known her when Suzy was a baby. Ben began tonwalk towards David. \"You killed her you know.\" David looked up, \"Itnwas an accident.\" He could feel the tension inside him. What ifnSuzy's father was right? What if he could have saved her? Ben's voicenturned cold, \"Accidents don't exist. Accidents are just excuses anperson makes to cover up their mistakes.\" David turnednsilent. Ben was getting on his last nerve, but he could do nothingnabout it. His feet seemed to be stuck to the ground and his throatnfelt clogged. He couldn't get out a word in edgewise. Ben held him bynthe collar. David gulped, \"No please don't kill me. I didn'tnmean to, I swear.\" David could tell that was the wrong time for hisnthroat to start working again. Benngrinned, \" Next time, try not to kill a crazy man's daughter.\"nDavid gulped ready for the blow and it soon came to him in his chest,nand as if in a complete second, falling freely off the mountain. Ben watched himnsink under the water, and wiped the remaining blood from the hooknthat he had stabbed inside of David. Then he carried on down thenroad. ","Summary":" If anyone thinks this is rated R, I'm sorry. I couldn'tntell. The Hook The chime echoednacross the "},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"I know what you did last summer: filler","Author":"rancor3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12833540","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I Know what you did last summer This is a simple filler that I have created. If everyone remembers the movie, Ben at the last minute tries to kill Julie before a rope locks onto him severing his hand off and throwing him in the sea. I just thought about writing a filler about what happened to him and the events going on. At the end of this story, I will reveal upcoming stories that I will be doing. Boat docks Julie believes that Ray is the killer. She runs and calls for help trying to escape. Ben knocks him out out of nowhere. Julie stops and turns around pleading for help. Ben examines Ray, and tells her to get on his boat as she does what he says. Minutes later she realizes that Ben is the killer and leaves the cabin to escape. Realizing that the boat is no longer docked and is out to sea she tries other methods to hide. When Ben realizes that she went below to hide he reenters cabin quarters to get on the radio switching to a private channel. \"Willis, this is T2413 do you read me?\" Ben said calling out his son. Wanting to really make sure the channel does not have eavesdroppers and speaking according to their boat names \"Willis are you on this frequency?\" \"Yes, I'm here on board the willis still at the docks. Whats the situation T2413.\" said Will \"I have Julie, on the boat with me. I'm out at sea right now about to take care of business.\" \"Copy that. I saw you leaving and I'm already heading out now. I'm ten minutes behind, I can catch with you but I will be keeping a distance from you in stealth mode.\" Will explains. \"Thats good son, just make sure you can still see me but stay dark out there. Over and out.\" said Ben \"Copy T2413 over and out\" said Will. Will keeps a distance and is able to see the boat and sees that his father leaves the cabin heading below, and takes out his night goggles as he spots Rays boat coming about. Judging at the travel distance, Ray has no idea that there is some else out there with him. Will realizes that he is still in the clear. The final confrontation \"Happy fourth of July, Julie.\" Said Ben holding on to her for the kill. \"Please don't, it was an accident.\" said Julie trembling. \"I know all about accidents. Let me give you some advice, when you leave a man for dead make sure hes really dead.\" said Ben as he raises his arm for the kill he gets caught in a bundle of rope startled for a moment. Ray sees the opportunity and activates a device pulling Ben into the air severing his hand and being thrown out into sea. Both Ray and Julie searches the area and out to sea and the horizon hoping they could see anything. \"Do you see him? Do you see anything.\" asked Julie. \"No I don't, its pitch black I cant see anything.\" said Ray. Both of them hugged knowing that it was over until Ray enters the captains cabin to steer the boat back to the docks. As Will watches the boat disappears in the distance, he throws out safety lines in hoping to catch his father. Miraculously, Ben rises up the surface holding on to something. He holds on while his son brings him in with no energy left to move leaving his son to work. \"Alright dad your ok now.\" said Ben pulling him aboard. \"I didn't think you were to survive that at all. I saw the whole thing.\" \"I stayed under and swam with every ounce of energy I had left. I am glad that you followed me from behind.\" said Ben relieved. \"Damn did she really severed your hand off?\" asked Will bandaging up his wound. \"That girl will pay for what she did to me.\" Ben said wanting more revenge. \"What happens now?\" asked Will taking control of the wheel heading back to the docks. \"We have a whole year to plan something out. My job for you son, is to become friends with her, gain her trust. If possible get into a relationship with her. Go to the same college that she is goes. I will make sure you get into that college.\" Said Ben. \"Thats a big thing to do and a whole of patience to sacrifice dad.\" said Ben getting closer to the docks seeing police lights. \"I sacrifice a whole yr I can do it again.\" said Ben seeing the police lights and going below to hide. \"I want to know whats going on.\" Will docks at a safe distance where police arent paying attention. Once settled, he exits the boat heading towards the scene. He sees Julie and Ray together being questioned and sees bodies being removed from the boat. He gets close enough to hear what is being said, but still hides his face making sure they don't see him. \"Do you know why this man wants you both dead?\" asked the police officer. They both looked at each other and said no. The officer looks up and sees the severed hand. \"Dont worry, the body will turn up. They always do.\" Ben leaves the scene to head back to the boat. It was all he wanted to hear. When he arrives and opens the door to see his dad he explains it all. \"They didnt even confess why you were after them. They just said no disregarding what they did last year.\" said Ben. \"Well, their both as good as dead then. They want to treat me like that?\" Ben said with hatred in his heart. \"Lets get you fixed up dad, I know a place that wont draw police attention.\" said Ben adding more bandages. \"Right, tomorrow we should get to work and make sure our plans go smoothly.\" said Ben panting waiting for the opportunity for the day to end Julie and her friends for good. Well thats the end of the filler. Hope everyone enjoys. This will be my last time for this subject. For other projects I plan on writing, forever power rangers blue just like forever pink, redo of the fall of the power rangers, forever yellow cause paul schrier who plays bulk from mmpr is now a yellow power ranger. Well thats it guys. ","Summary":" I Know what you did last summer This is a simple filler that I have created. If everyone remembers "},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"Safe With You","Author":"americangrl69","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3691042","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Safe WithnYou Fandom: I Still Know What You Did LastnSummer Characters/Pairings: Julie/Will, Ben Rating: PG-13 Word Count: 245 Warning: Spoilers for thenend of the movie. Some violence but it's a horror movie so that's angiven right. Disclaimer: I don't own the I Know series ornany of it's characters. If I did the last movie would havensucked. Summary: Will chooses his side. A/N: Inlove this pairing. Since there's like nothing for them in the fannishnword I thought I'd write for them. The italic words are flashbacks.nJust so no one's confused. Feedback is appreciated. Julie was in her roomnwhen she heard a knock at the door. She slowly and cautiously openednthe door just a crack. She let out a sigh of relief when she realizednit was Will. She opened the door wider, pulled him in, and closed andnlocked the door again. She threw her arms around him. \"Will I'mnscared.\" She said, holding him tighter. Will stroked hernhair. \"It's ok Julie. I wouldn't let him hurt you. You're safennow.\" Will said trying to calm her. Julie stepped back.n\"I know but after what happened...he's gonna come have afternyou. I know he will.\" Julie sobbed. Ben stood, gunnaimed at Julie, ready to shoot her. Will stepped in front of her,nshielding her from his father. \"Will move!\" Bennordered. \"No!\" Will said. \"Damn it Will!nMove so I can shoot her.\" Ben demanded angrily. \"Nondad. I love her and I won't let you hurt her. Not again.\" Willntold him. Ben just stood in shock, staring at his son, the sonnthat had just betrayed him. Will gathered Julie in hisnarms again. \"I know but whatever happens I'm here and I won'tnlet him hurt you again. You're safe. I promise.\" Willnsaid. Julie just clung to him. Somehow she knew that as longnas she was with him everything would be fine. Oddly enough she didnfeel safe with him. Even if his father was trying to kill her. ","Summary":" Title: Safe WithnYou Fandom: I Still Know What You Did LastnSummer Characters/Pairings: Julie/Will,"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"I know what you did last summer: a little twist","Author":"leftwinger445","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2530880","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rated – Rnlanguage/violence/intense murder I do not own I knownwhat you did last summer This is my version ofnwhat happened in I know what you did last summer ! It was the 4thnof July around 9:00 in South Port, Maine. This is where it allnstarted this is where it might have been the last 4th ofnJuly. Four friends Julie James, Ray Bronson, Barry Cox, and HelennShivers were all at a party outside a huge mansion. There was a rocknband, beer, food everything they needed. Barry seemed the only onengetting loaded up on beer. Every one else knew it was the wrong thingnto do. \"Barry enough you'll bee regretting this\" cried Helen.n\"I'm just enjoying myself\" Barry replied. \"Listen Barry wencan take Julie and Ray down to our spot on the beach and lay down forna while\". \"Ok, But I'm driving\". \"Why don't you let Raynor Julie drive\" Helen asked. \"Fine those asses better not crashnmy car. \"Julie, Ray c'mon we're going to head down to the beachnfor the night\" Helen cried to Julie and Ray. Once they were all innBarry's sports car they head off towards the beach. \"Ray turn onnthe music\" Julie cried who seemed to be sitting in the Passengersnseat. Ray bent over to turn on the music when Barry screamed \"Whatnthe hell is that crap music\". \"Barry I didn't even turn on thenradio yet\" cried Ray. Barry climbed through the front seat to turnnthe radio on bumping into Ray and Julie. \"Jesus Barry\" Julie saidnas she pushed him back. Barry got up and smacked Julie don't younever god damn touch me. \"Barry\" Helen yelled as Barry hit Julienon the side of the face again. Julie's face smacked up against thenwindow smashing it into tiny little pieces. \"You fued my car\"nBarry yelled. Barry kept reaching over to hit Julie once again. Raynwas holding him back with one hand trying to pay attention to thencar. Barry got up and punched Ray across the face as hard as hencould. \"Don't touch the jacket\" he cried. \"Barry, look out\"ncried Helen pointing at a man flying in mid air coming towards them.nThe man flew through the window landing on Helen. Helen gave a greatnscream at the top of here lounges. \"My fucin car\" cried Barry.n\"Stop worrying about your god damn car and worry about the god damnndead guy in the car\" Julie cried. Helen sat there with her eyesnclosed petrified. All four kids got out of the car that was smashednonto the side of the hill. \"It was dark out and he came flying intonthe car I swear flying\" cried Ray. \"We have to go to the police\"ncried Julie. \"Oh man we're fued. \"Stop it\" cried Helen. \"Wenneed to go to the police\" cried Helen. \"And what spend our wholenlife in jail\" Cried Barry. \"Ray just sat there with his handsnover his eyes. \"The ocean\" Ray said in a whisper. \"What wasnthat\" Helen asked. \"The ocean we can throw him over that docknover there\" Ray said as he pointed to the dock. \"No we can't\"nMuttered Julie. \"No wait, that's a good idea. We can throw himnover the dock no one will find him for weeks or maybe months. Andnbesides the current will push him out further\" cried Barry. \"Andnbesides its either that or jail\" Ray cried. \"No we can go to thenpolice they'll believe us\" cried Julie. \"No we're fucinnthrowing him over the dock we have no other choice\" cried Barry.n\"Fine lets just get it over with\" cried Helen with the blood ofnthe man splattered on her face. \"Ok. Help me carry him to the dock.nRay, Barry, and Helen all got the man from the car and headed towardsnthe dock. \"You throw him\" cried Helen. \"No cried\" Barry andnRay at the same time. \"Fine\" cried Helen, all three dropped thenman onto his back. They all just stood there for a few seconds. \"Wellngo on\" cried Barry. Helen bent over to push the guy in the waternwhen his eyes came open. He grabbed Helens arm who was screaming innterror. Ray went over to help Helen but tripped and slammed his headnon the dock. Julie who was waiting by the car was watching everythingnand was also scared to hell. Barry went over and flipped the man intonthe water. The man was too weak to swim tot eh top of the ocean.nJulie who was covering her eyes waiting at the car heard a man walknup to Julie. \"Why hello\" the man cried. Julie froze in terror andnturned slowly behind her. A man stood there with a hook placed as hisnmissing hand. Julie screamed in terror. And back down at the dock allnthree of them looked up to see why Julie was screaming. \"Shit.nJulie run!\" cried Barry. Julie got up and started to run while thenhooked man started to chase Julie. Ray got up taking along a log justnbig enough to knock someone out. Julie kept running with the hookednman chasing her. Julie was running towards what seemed to be a roadnblock. Julie stopped in terror and looked behind her. The hookednraised his hook and said \"goodnight Julie\"… To bencontinued ","Summary":" Rated – Rnlanguage/violence/intense murder I do not own I knownwhat you did last summer This is my "},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"Untitled","Author":"Calduger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3990146","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"What happenednbetween us? We used to be best friends,\" Helen said sadly. Julie didn't meet herngaze, instead looking down. \"We used to be a lot of things, \" shenreplied. \"I miss you,\" Helennsaid. Julie chose to starenout the windshield instead of responding. Helen soon realized thenfeeling wasn't mutual, and got out of the car with a simplen\"Yeah…well.\" Meanwhile, Julie'snthoughts were racing. She wanted so much to get out of the car, callnHelen back, and tell her that she was still her best friend. That shenmissed her too, and that more than anything, she wanted things to gonback to how they used to be. But on the other hand, she knew that wasnimpossible. And she also knew that being around her old friends madenthe pain of the incident last summer sting even more. With that finalnthought, she drove off. Julie was just going tonmake some breakfast when the phone rang at about 10am the nextnmorning. Answering it, she immediately registered Helen's shockednand scared voice. \"Julie! He was here last night.\" \"What?!\" Juliensaid, not wanting to believe it. \"He chopped my hairnoff!\" Helen whimpered, sobbing. \"Oh my God,\" Juliensaid, hanging up the phone and running out the door to her car. When Julie got tonHelen's house, she rang the doorbell. Elsa let her in, with herntrademark smirk. As usual, Julie wondered how it was possible thatntwo sisters could be so different. Elsa seemed never to have a kindnword or smile for anyone, but Helen was a sweetheart…with thatnthought, Julie rushed up the stairs to see her friend. \"Oh my God, Helen!nAre you okay?\" Julie said, bursting open the door and seeing Helennon the bed, still crying and holding her crown from the year before. \"Julie. Thanks forncoming,\" Helen said. The lack of emotion in her voice startlednJulie. \"Wh-when did thisnhappen?\" Julie stammered, knowing it was a stupid question but justnwanting to say something . \"I don't know!nDuring the night. I didn't wake up,\" Helen said. Julie wasnrelieved to hear some emotion returning to her voice. Seeing hernfriend curled up on her bed looking so scared and helpless made Julienforget any notions she had about wanting to end her friendships withnthe others involved in the incident. She sat on the bed next tonHelen, and tentatively put her arm around her. \"I'm so scared,nJulie,\" Helen sobbed. \"What are we going to do?\" Julie didn't knownwhat to say, and was silent for several seconds. \"Well,\" shenstarted. \"I guess we find Barry and Ray, and we make a plan. Wenneed to stick together and beat him. We can't let him win.\" Helen's only responsenwas her continued sobbing. Julie embraced her, and Helen cried on hernshoulder for awhile. When she finally pulled away, she seemed to havenpulled herself together a bit. \"Look, Helen…aboutnlast night. I'm sorry I was so…cold,\" Julie said, for lack of anbetter word. \"I just…coming back here, seeing all of younagain…it's hard. It's brought back a lot of pain I'd spentnthis whole year trying to bury.\" She took a deep breath andncontinued. \"But I've been thinking, and the four of us really donneed to stick together and…fight whoever's doing this. And asnmuch as I might have denied it during the past year, I've reallynmissed you,\" she finished, giving her friend a weak smile. \"Really?,\" Helennsaid, brightening a little bit. \"Really,\" Juliensaid, leaning forward to give her best friend a hug, which Helenngladly returned. \"You're still my best friend. I don't know hownI've managed without your hair tips for so long.\" \"Julie?\" Helennsaid. \"What?\" \"You haven'tnmanaged,\" Helen said. They both giggled. ","Summary":" \"What happenednbetween us? We used to be best friends,\" Helen said sadly. Julie didn't meet herng"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"Complications","Author":"Bonjour Bonito","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2982216","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N : While I'm not necessarily a fan of IKWYDLS, I do adore the characters of Barry and Helen, simply because I believe that Ryan Phillippe and Sarah Michelle Gellar have amazing chemistry in the movie. I think they compliment each other well on screen, both looks and talent wise (especially in Cruel Intentions). Thus making me a devoted shipper of this pairing. Now I haven't read the book (and don't plan to) so you'll have to excuse my ignorance towards the specifics. Most of this story is just based on how I think Barry and Helen got together and why they fell apart. Also the one-shots might be short, since I'm planning on making them drabble-like in length. This first one-shot takes place in the first semester of Barry and Helen's freshman year of high school , before they became an actual couple . Barry and Helen might be exceptionally OOC, if you take their behavior and personalities in the movie into account. However, I wanted to write a nicer, more playful Barry, and a smarter, stronger Helen in the beginning, and then allude to the vicissitudes that have made them the way they are in the movie, and what I'm assuming to be in the book. 1. Books Aren't Only Meant For Studying Helen sniffed, sneezed, and coughed until finally sinking into her chair with a defeated sigh. \"Just perfect, I catch a cold during finals week. As if my life could get any worse,\" she mumbled to no one in particular. She rubbed her nose with a tissue, attempting to alleviate any residue there. Call it vain, but Helen really didn't want to look as awful as she felt, even if the only other presence in the room was Ms. Cornally, the school librarian. Helen leveled a tired look at her table. \"No one deserves this kind of torture,\" she groaned, eyeing the numerous books that were scattered throughout the tabletop. She slowly counted all the pages she had left in the book in front of her. She stopped at thirty eight, concluding that she would certainly die from mental frustration (or a common cold) before ever successfully completing her studies. In a bout of aggravation, she threw the book to the ground, choosing to blatantly ignore the glare she earned from Ms. Cornally. \"Well, looks like you're having a great time.\" Helen turned around and wasn't surprised to see Barry William Cox staring at her with an amused smile. The jackass. Of course it would be Barry, the one person who got to her like no one else. The one person who threatened her already limp grip on sanity. \"Go away Barry,\" she snapped, \"I'm trying to study.\" \"Helen Rivers studying?\" Barry gasped, feigning disbelief, \"What a novel concept.\" \"Wow, handsome and clever, just how do you manage it all?\" Helen retorted clearly annoyed. \"Well it's definitely not easy, if that's what you're thinking,\" he replied coolly, pulling up a chair next to Helen's. Helen stared at Barry with an incredulous look. He wasn't going to seriously sit down with her, was he? \"Gosh Barry, don't you have some unsuspecting child to steal candy from or senior citizen to berate?\" \"All in good time, babe.\" He said, taking satisfaction in the way she twitched at that last word. \"But right now I want to watch you study. Honestly Helen, I wasn't aware you actually knew how to read.\" \"You flatter me.\" \"Well I certainly do make the effort.\" Helen groaned in frustration, \"I'm not going to get rid of you am I?\" \"Not in this lifetime.\" Barry answered with a wink, before moving in and threading his fingers through Helen's long hair. The contact was so unexpected that Helen nearly fell out of her chair in shock. Barry brushed Helen's bangs from her face, and scooted closer to her until they were barely centimeters apart. His soft touch was so foreign that she began to think that her heart would explode in her chest at any given moment. \"Heller,\" Barry breathed, using the nickname he had adopted months ago when they had first met. All Helen could manage was a strangled \"Ye..yes?\" in reply. Barry stared at her with the most genuine look in his eyes. One word Helen would have never used to describe the boy before her. He moved in even closer until Helen could feel the warmth of his breath on the shell of her ear. In a low voice he whispered, \"Babe…your nose is running.\" Helen pulled back with a jerk to meet Barry's amused smile for the second time that day. Without a moments hesitation, she swiftly picked up one of the books on the table, and promptly hit Barry upside the head with it, glad that she had gotten at least one task accomplished for the evening. - конец (end) - ","Summary":" A/N : While I'm not necessarily a fan of IKWYDLS, I do adore the characters of Barry and Helen, sim"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"Beggar's Night","Author":"Dan Radcliffe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1481376","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 On his way to his friend's house, Maxx was looking around at the kidsndressed up in costumes. He was thinking how him and his best bud werengoing to scare the lives out of the little kids. Then a tap on thenshoulder interrupted him. It was someone dressed in a skeleton costume.nMaxx said in a rude voice, \"What's wrong? Did you lose your mommy?\" The person in the costume stuck out his hand with a butcher's knife in it.n Maxx looked puzzled, but briefly said, \"I don't need one, but I guess I could use for the night scare.\" \"Give it to me.\" The person shook his head \"no\". Maxx got a little tense but said again, \"Give it to me.\" Again shook his head \"no\". Maxx got furious now. He yelled, \"Look, you asked me if I wanted it and I do.\" So give it to me!\" Just after that, the man raised the knife and gouged Maxx in the stomach. After that, the man carried Maxx off somewhere. At Frank's house, he was wondering where Maxx was. Just then, thendoorbell rings. Frank runs to the door and opens it. He dropped his mouthntrying to speak. When he was able to speak, he said, \"Nice costume and cool affect on the blood!\" Maxx did not move. Frank pulled on his arm and Maxx fell on him, dead.nFrank quickly got up and kicked him in the arm. He yelled to his mom, \"Did you order another manikin?\" Just then, a piece of paper flies in through the door that says, \"HE WANTED IT SO I GAVE IT TO HIM.\" After the cops came, the person was already on his way to Union Grove,nWisconsin. On his way there, his car suddenly got rear-ended. The man gotnout of his car, did not intend to stop, but just went right to the personnbehind him and slatted his throat. He took that car and went on. When he finally got Union Grove, henhad to stop for gas. He filled up his car, walked in and went behind thencounter. He went to the person, stared him in the eye and the person fellndead because the man had gouged him in the back. He went to a road called, Church Rd. The man went down a mile or so to anfamily called The Dawsons. A girl named Cassandra was playing hide and seeknin the house with her cousins. She did not want to go in the basement because she thought there werenghosts down there. Of coarse he was cheating of counting so she had tonhide fast. Cassandra ran to the basement and her cousin saw her. Therefore, he snucknbehind her and followed her to he furnace room under the stairs. After shenwent in there he snuck up, closed, and locked the door behind her. She wasnscreaming and pounding on the door saying, \"Let me out!\" She turned around and tried finding the light switch. She was feelingnaround and felt someone or something soft. It was the killer! She wentnback and again started pounding on the door. Cassandra was saying, \"Let me out someone is in here!\" The cousin said, \"No one is in there what are you talking about?\" Then there was a silence. Her cousin started getting worried, so he opened the door and was callingnfor Cassandra. There was no answer. He was looking for the light switchnand when he felt for it he pulled it. All of a sudden, there was a scream.nHe saw Cassandra hung by a rope. Therefore, he turned around and startednrunning for the door. The killer was in his way and shut the door. Thenkiller took out his knife out numerously stabbed him and hid the body. Cassandra had an older sister named Elizabeth, However, everyone called her \"Liz\". She is about 17 yrs old. She was waiting for her friends, Jackie, Jill, and Emily, and she wasnwaiting in the house! When she heard her friend say, \"We're here.\" She went up stairs from the basement! They said they did not know what tondo. Elizabeth asked them if they wanted to play truth or dare in thenbasement. They all were like, \"yea, sure\". So, they went down to play.nAll of a sudden, they smelt the worst thing you could ever smell. blood! Chapter 2 They were looking around, found that Cassandra was hung so they ran out ofnthe laundry room, and sat down on the couch. When they sat down one of thengirls said this couch is comfortable, it was never this comfy before.nElizabeth quickly turned on the light and they all saw her cousin cut upninto pieces. They all screamed and flew up stairs. Elizabeth turned to the girls and said, \"Anybody want to go outside?\" They all said sure. That night Elizabeth asked if the girls would like tonstay over. They said it was ok with their parents. During the night, Jillnasked if anybody wanted a soda. All of the girls said sure. Jackie saidnthat she would like to come with and help carry the sodas. The two went tonthe garage and they got he sodas and started walking back when Jackie saidnthat she had to go powder her nose. Jill waited in the hallway for hernbut then she heard a loud scream from the bathroom. She ran for the girlsnand told them that she heard a loud scream coming from the bathroom. Theynall ran up stairs to the bathroom. When they got there, they all looked at each other and said that they werennot going in there. Elizabeth said, \" I won't go in but I will just open the door and push it.\" So she did. When it opened, no one was in there. All of them went in andnlooked around. Julia looked in the bathtub and yelled, \" I found her! \". There were slit marks on her face and there was blood everywhere!nElizabeth's parents left that night on a weekend trip so they could notntell them and she did not know hotel they were staying at either. One ofnthe girls ran to the telephone and picked it up. There was no tone, justndead silence. She told the other girls that the phone was dead. All of a sudden, there was a slamming door. They did not know whatndoor because this house was two stories high and there are many doors innthe house. All three girls were scared to death! They ran back in to thenbathroom and found that Jackie's body was gone! Chapter 3 On Monday, the girls didn't tell anyone about what happened to Jackienand Cassandra. They just told the parents that they disappeared. Thenparents called the police and said they'll do every thing they can.nCassandra and Elizabeth's cousin Frank came to town for Cassandra'snfuneral. When he walked in the door a strange girl was with him. He said, \" This is my girlfriend Amanda.\" Every body welcomed her to Union Grove. That night Julia, Jillian, hernfriend Kathleen, Frank, Amanda, and Elizabeth were all sitting in thenliving room. Jillian and Julia said that they would be right back. Afternshe left, they heard a loud bump in the hallway upstairs. Every one wasnscared to go see but Frank said, \" Oh you weirdoes it's probably just the cat.' Elizabeth goes, \"I don't have a cat.\" \"Okay, then it's not the cat. Do you have a dog?\" \"Nope\" \"Do you have any fricken animals at all?\" \"No I don't, and you can't talk to me that way just because I'm yourncousin.\" \"Oh shut up!\" He went to go inspect it. He was walking down the hallway when the killernjumps out and grabs him with his hand over Frank's mouth. The killernpulled him into the computer room and slammed the door. The girls werenscared. Amanda says, \"I hope my darling is okay.\" Everyone had a weird look on their face. Meanwhile the person was strangling Frank, his arms were wide open sonfrom behind he grabbed the mask and took it off. After he did, Frank wasnamazed! After that, the person had stabbed him in the back. After henleft, Frank was barely still alive he crawled his way to the computer andntyped in the letter, \"J\" After that he died. After a few minutes Jillian came down and said, \"Guys, I just found Frank dead in the computer room.\" Everyone ran upstairs. When they got there, Frank's body was dead on thenfloor. Kathleen noticed that a letter J was typed into the computer.nJillian said, \"Where did that come from? When I noticed him nothing was typed in.\" They all glanced at Jillian and Julia. \"I didn't do it\", said Jillian and Julia. Then Kathleen said, \"Well it's obvious that it's one of those two because we were all down innthe living room when this happened except for Julia or Jillian, and alsonbecause their the only one's with J's in their names.\" Jillian goes in a rude voice, \"Well, I didn't do it. It was probably Julia. She alwaysnhated Frank any ways.\" They all looked at Julia and Julie said, \"Shut up Jillian.\" At that time, Jillian and the expression on her face said your going down. Chapter 4 The next day in the afternoon, everyone grouped up and went back over tonElizabeth's house. Everyone was sitting in the dining room wondering whonwill die next. Then Elizabeth's mom walks in and said to her, \" Honey, you're going to have to tell your friends to leave.\" Elizabeth said, \"Why?\" \"Because, were going to Frank and Cassandra's funeral.\" \"But someone has to stay here and make sure no one gets in. Kathleen you can stay here right, please. Mom you know the locks are notnsafe yet.\" \"Okay.\" \"So Kathleen when we leave you stay here got it.\" Kathleen said, \"Got it.\" Jillian said, \"Oh good, I have to talk to Julia anyways. Come on Julie.\" Julia said, \"Guys help me.\" But everyone just stood there. Jillian and Julia left the house. Elizabethnsaid that Kathleen could watch t.v. or do something because we won't benthat long probably about an hour or so. After they left, Kathleen was sitting down watching t.v. and all of ansudden, she heard a door slam down in the basement. She a little freakednout, but slowly went down the stairs. While going down the stairs, one ofnthe steps broke and her foot fell right through it. She quickly pulled itnout. She waited for a little bit and slowly walked down the rest of thenstairs. When she got down, Kathleen looked around but seen nothing. She seen anfreezer that Mr. Dawson puts his deer meat in. She went to go take some.nKathleen opened the door and walked in. The killer walked up behind hernand slammed the door with her in. Kathleen said, \" Well by my calculations it is 2* below zero. Therefore, in twentynminutes I will die. Just then, the killer walks in. \"Or maybe sooner. Oh crap.\" When Elizabeth came home, she was calling Kathleen to come to her room.nShe didn't come. Elizabeth ran down stairs into the basement and noticesnthe broken stair. Then she ran to the freezer and opened it. TherenKathleen was hanging on a hook with her guts falling out and steaming upnthe floor. Just then, the doorbell rings. It was Jillian. Elizabeth asked, \"Where's Julia?\" Jillian said, \"Oh, ah, when we went to her house she said that she had to pack up clothesnbecause they're going somewhere but she didn't say.\" \"Oh well, I can't play right now my mom wants me to do, uh, chores. Okay?\" \"Okay. See you later.\" Right when she left she called Julia but it said that their phone isncurrently disconnected. Elizabeth yelled to her mom that she was going tonJulia's house. When she got there, she rang the doorbell. No answer. So, shenwalked on and yelled Julia. Elizabeth ran up to her room to see if she wasnthere. When she opened the door the killer was there. He threw downnJulie's dead body and started walking toward Elizabeth. Elizabethnscreamed, \"Jillian, Jillian I know that's you now knock it off!\" There was no respond. Elizabeth ran out of the room down the stairsnand out the door and as fast, as she could she pedaled her bike tonJillian's house saying to herself, \" I know that wasn't Jillian. I know that wasn't Jillian.\" When she got there, she knocked on the door and her mom answered it.n Elizabeth said, \"Is Jillian there?\" Her mom said, \"Nope, sorry. She went out for something but didn't say what.\" Then Jillian runs through the door with red stuff all over her hands.nElizabeth asked her what that was. Jill said that it was ketchup andnshe'll be right back she had to go clean up. When she returned Jilliannsaid, \"What's wrong? It looks like you just seen a ghost.\" Elizabeth said, \"I saw something all right and I think you had something to do aboutnit.\" \"All right I confess I did it. But it was no big deal.\" \"No big deal, no big deal, people died because of you!\" \"So.\" Chapter 5 \"If somebody dies just because I stole a bottle of ketchup, well that'snpretty sad.\" said Jillian. \"What are you talking about?\" \"I sad I stole some ketchup. What do you think I did kill somebody? Inmean, come on this is me were talking about. I would never do that.\" \"Yea right.\" thought Elizabeth. The next day Elizabeth called Amanda and Jillian to come over. Elizabethnsaid, \"Okay, what's going on? One of you knows who the killer is.\" Jillian looked at Amanda. Amanda said, \"What, I'm not the killer, I love my dear Frank. I wouldn't hurt himnin any way possible.\" Jillian said, \"Sure. Elizabeth it was Amanda. We never see her and it's not menbecause I hate the color red. I'll be right back I have to go to thenbathroom.\" Elizabeth was talking to Amanda and Jillian slowly walked behind Elizabeth.nAmanda yelled, \"Look out, behind you!\" Jillian took the knife and stabbed Elizabeth in the back. Blood wasnspewing out of her mouth. She mumbled, \"Amanda help.\" Then everything went blank. Chapter 6 Elizabeth woke up and screamed. \"It was just a dream. a bad dream. Whew!\" The next day Elizabeth called Amanda and Jillian to come over. Elizabeth said, \"Okay, what's going on? One of you knows who the killer is.\" Jillian looked at Amanda. Amanda said, \"What, I'm not the killer, I love my dear Frank. I wouldn't hurt himnin any way possible.\" Jillian said, \"Sure. Elizabeth it was Amanda. We never see and it's not me becausenI hate the color red.\" Elizabeth noticed that this was exactly in her dream and that the nextnthing Jillian will say is, \"I'll be right back I have to go to the bathroom.\" Then Jillian said, \"I'll be right back have to go to the bathroom.\" Elizabeth was getting scared. She was talking to Amanda and Jillian slowlynwalked behind Elizabeth. Amanda said, \"Look.\" Then Elizabeth turned quickly around before she could finish her sentencenand there was Jillian walking back to her seat. She said, \"Did I miss anything?\" Amanda said, \"Nothing surprising.\" That night Amanda was sitting her room when a knock on her door interruptednher. She said, \"Go away!\" There was another knock. She said again, \"Go away!\" She walked to her door and opened it. It was the killer! The killernswiped the knife by her but she got away. She ran down stairs screamingnfor her mom and dad. She found them in the dining room dead on the floor. She ran out the door toward Elizabeth's house. Amanda tripped on anrock and twisted her ankle. The killer walked up to her and horizontallynslit her throat. Elizabeth heard the doorbell ring. It was Jillian.nJillian said, \"Elizabeth, you're not going to believe me but on my way over here Insaw somebody carry Amanda's body somewhere. We've got to follow him!\" Elizabeth said, \"Okay, I'll get my coat.\" They went out to find the killer. Jillian said, \"You know where the bridge is right, well that's where I saw him go.nNow come on.\" Elizabeth stopped. \"But Jillian, you don't walk past the bridge on your way to my house.\" Just then, the killer jumps out from behind a tree and grabs Jillian. Hentook his knife and jammed it in Jillian's neck and it goes right throughnit. The killer dropped Jillian and said in a strange voice, \"Well have you figured out who I am or should I give you a hint?'' Elizabeth said, \"Please give me a hint.\" The person took off the mask and Elizabeth was amazed! The whole entirentime it was Jackie! \"Jackie?\" \"What? Surprised?\" \"Yea I mean Frank said that his friend Maxx died but I didn't know younkilled him. I mean don't you go out with him?\" \"Yea but he was being a jerk so I did him a favor and pulled thenplug.\" \"But you died we all saw you in the bath tub.\" \"It's called acting. You should sign up for it. But now it's time tonkill you. Bah bye.\" Elizabeth ran toward the bridge and went on top of it to where itnfell apart. Jackie said, \"You will not get away, if I can out run Amanda then I can out runnyou.\" Jackie chased Elizabeth and went to jump for her. Elizabeth moved out ofnthe way and Jackie fell face first into the rushing water. Her body justnlaid there floating down the river. She was dead. A few months later, the police came to Elizabeth's house and said that thenbody she described was not found any where in the river south of us. Afternthey left, Elizabeth closed the door, leaned against it, and sighed. Hernfriend Abby walked in and said, \"What's wrong?\" Elizabeth looked up at her and said, \"She's alive.\" The End ","Summary":" Chapter 1 On his way to his friend's house, Maxx was looking around at the kidsndressed up in costu"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"Helen's Death","Author":"carrie-whites","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5355619","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I Know What You Did Last Summer (My Cut of Helen's Death) The scream was loud and familiar and Helen new it was Elsa's. Helen slowly put the phone down 'Elsa' she called out. No answer. She made her way down the stairs to investigate. 'Elsa' she called out again. Helen felt fear rush through her body. She started to shake. 'Elsa, where are you?' She cried in a low mumbling voice as she walked to the bottom of the stairs. She got down to bottom and walked ahead of her. Alarmed she turned around to hear a small clink. Looking around she passed three mannequins that were covered up and she could only see what was underneath faintly. Helen stopped and turned around. She scanned them up and down but the one that caught her eye was the one in the middle of two others. Suddenly two arms stuck out towards her and ran at her. Helen screamed as the body jumped on her making her fall back onto a table. Franticly Helen got up as quick as she could to get away as the attacker struggled to get out of the plastic cover. Helen ran through the back to a wooden door and banged on it as hard as she could but it was locked. She looked around again and looked into a toilet. Looking down lying there was Elsa's lifeless body, her head placed up against the toilet. There was blood on her neck and clothing. Helen screamed and looked round to see the fisherman walking towards her. She quickly climbed onto an elevator which takes you to the storage room upstairs. The elevator was old and wooden and you had work yourself by pulling on a rope to make it ascend to the top. Helen stood up and pulled the rope down to make it move. She pulled and pulled but suddenly she was stopped by a hook that was swiping around at her feet. Jumping about she quickly got back to the rope still trying to avoid getting injured. She stopped in the middle of the journey up and decided to climb the rest of the way. Getting over few wooden bars she fell to the ground in exhaustion but got back up before the fisherman could get her. Looking ahead of her he was standing there, guarding her way out. She ran to her right into a small room which had only a few windows and clothing hanging up on racks. Helen had no choice but to open up one of the windows and jump out, she climbed out. Standing on a small pipe she looked down to see cardboard boxes and different kind of materials that could maybe break her fall. She looked up she saw the fisherman standing there. Helen was going to jump but suddenly he grabbed her by the hair and stuck the hook into her shoulder. Helen screamed in pain and started to hit him. Then she lost footing on the pipe and fell two stories. Helen landed with a hard thud onto a box filled with pieces of Styrofoam. She looked around and up at the window, everything was spinning. Struggling to get to her feet she was grabbed by the hair again. She looked up and it was the fisherman. 'Oh God...please don't do this to me...it was an accident...please' Helen pleaded in a furious way but it didn't work. The fisherman raised up the hook and Helen's eyes widened ever bigger than before. As it came down Helen managed to get out of his grip and pushed him. She turned round thinking she could run off but was faced by a grubby wall. She turned back around and moved into the corner. The fisherman ran towards her and stuck the hook into her stomach twice. Helen screamed in pain and fell to the ground. Looking up everything was spinning again and there was blood racing from her stomach. The fisherman raised the hook once more and swung it back down. ","Summary":" I Know What You Did Last Summer (My Cut of Helen's Death) The scream was loud and familiar and Hele"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"I know what your parents did","Author":"clwsfan864","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3250579","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapternone, the fisherman Whennwe heard about the stories. The fisherman and his hook. We thought itnwas a joke. \"Your kidding?\" said Alex. \"It's all true. Likenabout a year ago the girl, Jill, or Julie. Anyway the guy followednher to her home and cut off her leg.\" It was the fourth of July. Nonsurprise that Alex would be telling this story. \"Look I'm gonnansleep. Ok?\" That was Amy. Amy was a blonde haired girl who focusednon her studies. Which was weird for a blonde. \"Fine let's go.\"nWe packet up the car and left the beach. Andrew turned up the radio.n\"Oh, man! I love this song!\" That was Mary. Her favorite song wasnon, which means we'll never hear the end of her sing. It soundednlike a crashing on a chalk board. \"Yes, yes. Your very talentednsinger. Now stop singing!!!\" Alex never could stand her singing. \"nAlex watch out!!!\" I yelled at the top of my lungs. Oh, my god!! Wenhit some thing, I know we did. \"What was that?\" Mary ask. Wenlooked around until. Oh, no. This isn't happening, this isn'tnhappening!! We killed someone!!! \"Guys! Come here, Now!\" They allnhuddled around me. Alex about die of fright because he never couldnstand to see the site of blood. \"Let's go to the police.\" Amynwanted to go to the police because she didn't want a hit and run onnher application. \" No! If we do that than we're done for.\" Henwas wrong. He knew that if we go to the police we wouldn't bencharge as much as a hit and run. \" Why not? I mean to say is thatnif we go we won't be charged with a hit and run.\" I couldn'tnbelieve what was happening. \" Fine this is what we'll do. We'llntake the body and dump it in the lake. Is that ok?\" I couldn'tnbelieve what he was saying. \" That's what happened to those othernkids. The guy wasn't dead! Remember?\" A car was coming. \"nOk, then. Here's the plan. We won't dump the body but we'llnburn the body ok?\" The car approached us. Lucky for us the justnpasted right on by. We put him in the back trunk and headed for southnbeach. When we got there we started the fire. \" Hey, Mark give menhand here.\" That's me. Mark Thomas. We tossed the body in thenfire and watch the body burn. \"Ok. Now we all have to swear thatnnone of us will tell about this again?\" We all swore to keep thenpact. A year had gone by and I haven't seen anyone in over a year.nI logged on to AIM to see if anyone was online. It said I had one newne-mail. It didn't say who it was from. Then, I opened the e-mail. InKNOW WHAT YOU DID!! It was all over the letter. Then even morenstarted showing up. I shut the computer down and in the reflection ancould see a figure. Oh, No!! It was the fisherman we that night! Inturned around and screamed. ","Summary":" Chapternone, the fisherman Whennwe heard about the stories. The fisherman and his hook. We thought "},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"I know what you did NEXT summer","Author":"angelbritt-88","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1528174","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* Some people believe they can see into the future. Can something be done to stop what is already in play? Is there enough time to stop it before it ever happens? ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* I Know What You Did NEXT Summer It was just another ordinary summer. Julie headed home from work, and plopped down on the couch. She turned on the T.V. and flicked through the channels. The phone rang. \"Hello?\" Julie answered. \"Hello?\" She could hear deep breathing on the other end of the phone. \"Ray, this isn't funny! Ray? I'm hanging up now.\" A deep voice began to speak. \"I know what you did Next summer.\" Julie responded in a half-worried voice \"What? Next summer? Ray? Who is this?\" She heard the phone hang up on the other end. She dialed Ray's house. \"Hello?\" he said. \"Ray, it's Julie. That wasn't very funny you know. I was seriously freaked.\" \"What do you mean? What wasn't funny?\" Ray sounded confused. \"The phone call. Are you trying to give me a heart attack?\" Julie sounded frustrated. \"Listen hun, I just walked in the door. I didn't call you. It was probably some stupid kids prank calling. Do you need me to come over? .\" Ray asked. \"No, I'm fine, I guess I'm just losing it. I'll talk to you later.\" \"Try and get some sleep.\"Ray said. \"Ok, bye.\" Julie hung up the phone and went to the kitchen. She through some left-overs in the microwave, and sat back down on the couch. The phone rang again. Julie was hesitant, and decided to let the machine get it. Again, there was heavy breathing, but this time, no talking. \"Must be a prank call, stupid kids. \"Don't they know about *69 or call-id?\" She turned off the t.v. and threw her dishes in the sink. It was about 9:00 as she made her way to the bathroom to get ready for bead. She screamed as she looked into the mirror. The words \"I know what you did next summer\" were written in what appeared to be blood. Julie ran out of the house and got into her car. She drove to Ray's house. It was raining, and she could barely see where she was going. A black figure jumped in front of her car as she slammed on the breaks. Her car began to slide as she swerved to avoid hitting other cars. She slammed into a brick building, and closed her eyes as she blacked out. ","Summary":" ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* Some people believe they can see i"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"crossed between Jeepers Creepers and I know what y","Author":"Rachel-Maree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1523324","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THE DEATH HIGHWAY It all started two years ago, when my boyfriend Freddie, best friend Reesenand her boyfriend Ryan were going on a road trip after senior prom. Freddienand I really didn't want to go, but somehow Ryan convinced us.nWe were driving in Ryan's new car that he got for his birthday when a rednlight came on, that was warning us there was ten litres left of petrol.nRyan seemed to ignore it, but when we got onto the highway I started tonworry, because this highway is called the 'Death Highway because a murderernnamed John Black murdered a lot of people on this highway. Finally the rednlight said the car only had one litre left of petrol.n\"Now what\" said Reese \"Walk home, it's less then 200k's out of the Seavillenand do you know what highway this is.\"n\"We wait till the next car comes along,\" replied Ryan calmlynFreddie and I were in the front seat playing with the radio, when thenmidnight news came on.n\"Murderer John Black is on the loose, please beware. Tourist are warned notngo on the 'Death highway' alone because the police think John Black isnheaded back to the 'Death Highway'.\" The news spokesperson said.n\"Holy cow\" screamed Freddien\"What are we going to do now?\" I screamed at RyannJust then a man was coming up the road.n\"Hit him\" I screamed at Freddien\"O.K\" he repliednFreddie put his foot on the accelerator and we hit the man.nWe got out of the car and discover that the man was a police officer.n\"Oh my God\" Reese screamed \"We hit a cop\"nJust then the police officer said somethingn\"John Black is near\". The he diedn\"We're going to jail\" Ryan said in a dead whisper.n\"John Black is near\" I said to Freddie \"Get into the car\"nJust then a shadowy figure reached out and grabbed Reese and took her awaynscreaming into the forest. I was frozen.nI ran to save her but Ryan pulled me back.n\"Save her Ryan\" I screamed at himnJust then sirens came out of nowhere.n\"We can't, it's to late, listen Sarah you and Freddie have scholarships tongo to Harvard and I have a scholarship to Yale, let's not blow it onnsomething like killing a cop.\" He saidn\"What do you mean?\" said Freddien\"We tell the cops that Reese killed the man.\" He repliedn \"No way\" I said \"Just blame it on Reese!\"n\"Just do it\" he said \"Or I will.\"n\"What would you do Ryan\"? I saidn\"O.K, we tell the cops that Reese did it\" Freddie said to men\"It's two against one Sarah\" Ryan teasedn\"Fine then\" I saidnThe rest was a blur. I remember a cop questing us. Telling the lie about mynbest friend was the worst of the day, and watching her being taken away.nLater in the morning mom said that the cops called and told her to tell menthat they had caught John Black and had found Reese's dead body. I justnwent upstairs and cried.nI didn't go to Harvard that year neither did Freddie, but Ryan went tonYale. I couldn't believe that he could live his life telling a lie. Freddienand I broke up after that incident. A year after the horror of losing my best friend and watching her beingntaken away by John Black and not been able to do anything, Freddie andndecided to go and see John Black's mom.nShe was a nice lady and explained that John went crazy after his fatherndied.n\"Does he have any friends?\" Freddie asked hern\"I didn't think so, when the cops were around here last year, but I didnfind a photo that said 'my new best friend and me'; I have never seen himnbefore\".n\"Can I see the photo?\" I asked hern\"Sure\" she replied.nShe went upstairs and came back down looking at it, she passed it to me andnI saw the accomplice.nIt was Ryan! ","Summary":" THE DEATH HIGHWAY It all started two years ago, when my boyfriend Freddie, best friend Reesenand he"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"I'll Always know what you did Last Summer","Author":"horrormaster645","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6677954","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'll always know what you did last summer Nighttime lake house in Michigan Nancy-hey did you hear about that movie there making? Susan-what movie? Nancy-it's called the hook. It's based on the murders that happened in this town only on July 4th. Susan-ok so? Nancy-are you serious! They say the 4th of July is cursed in this town. Susan-I think that's just bullshit. Nancy-ok, ok but this chick named Martha baker wrote this book about the murders now they're turning it into a movie. Susan-witch I'm not going to see when it comes out. The phone ring, ring Nancy gets a text saying \"hello.\" Nancy replies \"hi who's this?\" The man replies \"someone who will always know what happened that summer.\" Nancy-ha-ha oh my god. Susan-what? Nancy-its mike acting like the fisherman guy. Susan-he's retarded. Nancy-I know. Susan walks up stairs Susan-I'll be right back. Nancy replies \"ha-ha mike you actually had me fooled lol.\" The man replies \"whose mike?\" He then sends a picture of Susan walking down the hall up stairs Nancy then runs upstairs when she's in the middle of the stairs she gets another text \"I wouldn't do that if I were you Nancy.\" Nancy-what the fuck? She continues to go upstairs Nancy-Susan, Susan? She gets another text saying \"Susan isn't with us anymore\" She walks into Susan's room to find the fisherman sticking his hook into Susan's throat after stabbing her several times. Nancy-oh my god! Aaahhhhh! The fisherman turns to see her he takes out his hook and walks towards Nancy raising his hook. She runs down the hall. Tell me what you think so far![Chapter 2] I'll always know what you did last summer Nighttime lake house in Michigan Nancy-hey did you hear about that movie there making? Susan-what movie? Nancy-it's called the hook. It's based on the murders that happened in this town Southport back in 1997 only on July 4th. Susan-ok so? Nancy-are you serious! They say the 4th of July is cursed in that town. Let's go see it! Susan-I think that's just bullshit. Nancy-ok, ok but this chick named Martha baker wrote this book about the murders now they're turning it into a movie. Susan-witch I'm not going to see when it comes out. The phone ring, ring Nancy gets a text saying \"hello.\" Nancy replies \"hi who's this?\" The man replies \"someone who will knows what happened that summer.\" Nancy-ha-ha oh my god. Susan-what? Nancy-its mike acting like the fisherman. Susan-he's retarded. Nancy-I know. Susan walks up stairs Susan-I'll be right back. Nancy replies \"ha-ha mike you actually had me fooled lol.\" The man replies \"whose mike?\" He then sends a picture of Susan walking down the hall up stairs Nancy then looks upstairs when she's in the middle of the stairs she gets another text \"I wouldn't go upstairs if I were you Nancy.\" Nancy-what the fuck? She goes upstairs Nancy-\"Susan, Susan?\" She gets another text saying \"Susan isn't with us anymore\" She walks into Susan's room to find the fisherman sticking his hook into Susan after stabbing her several times. Nancy-\"Aaahhhhh!\" The fisherman turns to see her he takes out his hook and walks towards Nancy raising his hook. She runs down the hall. Back downstairs and grabs a fire poker by the fire place the fisherman isn't coming down stairs so Nancy runs in the kitchen to hide She grabs her phone and dials 911 as the phone ring the fisherman then tackles Nancy over the counter they both fall over it the killer quickly grabs Nancy's hair and drags her outside he gets on top of her covers her mouth raises his hook and plunges it into Nancy's chest Her eyes widen in fear and shock as her heart slowly stops beating she closes her eyes and her head drops the fisherman takes out his hook and leaves. The police show up five minutes later to find both girls dead along with writing on the walls in blood saying \"I'll Always Know.\" The next morning Julie is walking her dog back to her house Julie-\"come on Rufus.\" They both walk in the house she locks all the doors as ray comes out of the bathroom Ray-\"hey beautiful, hey Rufus, hi boy!\" Julie-\"hey sweetie.\" They kiss the phone rings Julie answers Julie-\"hello?\" Karla-\"hey Julie I'm going to the movies tonight you want to come?\" Julie-\"what movie are you going to see?\" Karla-\"umm yeah it that movie the hook.\"[Chapter 3] The next morning Julie is walking her dog back to her house Julie-\"come on Rufus.\" They both walk in the house she locks all the doors as ray comes out of the bathroom Ray-\"hey beautiful, hey Rufus, hi boy!\" Julie-\"hey sweetie.\" They kiss the phone rings Julie answers Julie-\"hello?\" Karla-\"hey Julie I'm going to the movies tonight you want to come?\" Julie-\"what movie are you going to see?\" Karla-\"umm yeah it that movie the hook.\" Julie-Karla? You're kidding me right? Karla-No. Julie-that movie is based on our life! Karla-so?It's mostly about you and ray anyway. Julie-were not going to see it. Karla-yes you are. Julie-no I'm not. Karla-yes you are Julie-Karla no I'm not! Karla-what I say? Julie-….alright fine ill go. Karla-yes and bring ray. Julie-ok? Karla-I'm bringing my new boyfriend! Julie-oh yeah, who's that? Karla-His names Michael oh my god you'll love him Jules, he's a sweetheart! Julie-I bet so when is it? Karla-tonight. Julie-are you kidding, what time? Karla-midnight. Julie-alright I'll call you later bye. Karla-bye. As Julie hangs up the phone she walks to her and rays room where he laying on the bed she cuddles with him Ray-so how was your day? Julie-aah same old, same old Julie-I got this all from this teenager who got raped at her school. Ray-what? That's crazy. Julie-yeah and they got her pregnant, six teenagers drugged her at lunch and dragged her to the boys bathroom and raped her no even noticed until after one period and now she's pregnant. Ray-that's crazy! Julie-yea I talked to her for a few hours then another girl called about her abusive boyfriend and dad. Ray-wow teens these day's Julie-yeah, anyways how was your day? Ray-it was good I guess I had to fire Willis today. Julie-why? Ray-he keeps coming in late and half the time he's drunk. Julie-well it happens when you are still living with your parents. Ray-true. Julie-Karla invited us to see midnights screening of the hook the tickets are free. Ray-really the hook ok. Julie looks at the clock it just stroke 11:30pm Ray-we should probably get ready. Julie-yeah. They both get up Julie walks in the bathroom, ray walks to the drawer to grab a clean shirt Julie was washing her face and then started to change clothes as well When they got ready it was about 11:40 As they get to the movie theater it was almost 12 they run inside and see Karla and her boyfriend Michael by theater room 13 they run inside as they see the audience with fake hooks on there's hand's Julie, ray and Karla all star at each other The make there way to the seats as the title of the movie The hook in red like blood as the movie plays Julie gets a text from a unknown number as she reads it, it says \"Hello Julie.\" \"The hook huh, why watch a movie based on your life?\" Julie stares at the screen as the message continues to come \"I know what you did that summer and the writer of the book the Southport murders, Martha Kingman is in the theater, and I can see you. Watch out.\" ","Summary":" I'll always know what you did last summer Nighttime lake house in Michigan Nancy-hey did you hear a"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Author":"memeleon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1378349","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I Know What You Did Last Summer Chapter 1 Beep, beep, beep, beep. *Groan* I'm so tired, said Courtney. Maybe you shouldn't had been with Trunks all night, said Sam. Aaaaaahh!! Sam what are you doing in my room!? I just came to borrow a skirt. A skirt, you could have woke me up. I didn't want to bother you. Awww, man my head hurts. I told you not to drink all those drinks with Trunks last night. I was drunk. Yeah, Miss goody two shoes, was drunk as a dog. What happened, asked Courtney? I'll tell you later, by the way don't you have a class today? Yeah, what its 1:30 already, I'm late! *Classroom* You're late Miss Johnson, said Mr. Jackson. I'm sorry I kind of over slept today. A honor student, should not be late for class. I'm sorry, sir, but it's the last day of school and maybe this honor student should be late for once. So is that your excuse? Well yeah, I guess. Class does anybody agree with Miss Johnson today? I do sir, I think that Miss Johnson should had been late today, said Trunks. Mr. Brief, I know that Miss Johnson is your buddy, but you don't have to take up for her. Well sir, I do this time, cause part of the reason of her oversleeping is because of me. Ooooooo, what was you and Courtney doing, for her to be late for class, said a boy. Wellll, if you want to know so bad. Trunks, you wouldn't! *ding dong* Courtney Johnson report to library, said the announcer on the intercom. Well got to go, bye. Trunks better not tell them about nothing that happened, but I don't remember nothing that happened. I wonder who wants me in the library. Whoa! Trunks! Why you in so big of a hurry, asked Trunks? To see who wants me in the library. Don't nobody want you, I talked to Bra telepathically and she got you out of Mr. Jackson class, so you want get embarrassed. Thanks, wait a minute why am I thanking you, you was about to tell them what happened, that was embarrassing enough! *brrrrrrrrng* (A.N. If you didn't know where we was at, we all go to Southern University) I got to go, said Courtney. Where are you going, schools out, its summer time! I'm going home and just relax! Can I come! Come here Trunks. *pow* No you can't come, said Courtney as she kicked Trunks between his legs! *Back in the dorm* Hey, you're back already, asked Sam? Yeah, when I got there class was almost over, and Mr. Jackson was questioning me, asking me why I was late and then Trunks almost straight up embarrassed me in front of everybody. So you just had a bad day. Yeah, Trunks was going to tell the whole class about what happened last night. You can't get mad you don't even remember what happened last night, said Sam. Yes I can get mad, I should have the right to know what happened to me, if something bad did happened, I might lose my reputation. Well everybody who went to the Sigma Party know what happened. What happened, asked Courtney? (A.N. Okay, I know this is not no where near how the movie went but it will, when we get to part where they win the tickets to go to the Bahamas, the flashback scene that is coming up next is gonna be kind of taken from the movie Drumline, I love that movie, then after that, the rest will be coming out of my crazy, imaginative mind, but anyway on with the story ^_^!!!) *Flashback of the Sigma Party* Everybody was in shock when you walked in the room with Trunks, said Sam. Trunks, I don't even get along with Trunks. You did last night. Well anyway, everybody was in shock to see the top honor student dancing all wild, and especially with Trunks, knowing that he got mostly every girl here as his on little toy. So I called you over cause we was about to do a step off. You came over and started to step, Trunks was looking at you all funny, like he was hungry or something. After the step off you went over by Trunks and watched the boys do their step off, so Trunks put his arm around your waist, and you turned to him and started kissing, in front of everybody, after that you and Trunks left. I don't know where ya'll went, but if you wanna know you should go ask Trunks. I did all that? Yeah, you did do all that, usually when we ask you to step off you wouldn't come, but you did this time, I think you just wanted to impress Trunks for once. If I did that, ewww I shouldn't had kicked him between his legs today. You kicked him, why did you do that? He was acting like a pervert. He's a boy that's how he suppose to act. *The next day* Whassup, Baton Rouge! This is DJ New Orleans, holding it down, on the top 20 countdown on MAX 94.1, and we're also giving away 4 tickets away to one lucky person who goes to Southern University, so hit us up at 504-9876! Courtney, what was that number again, asked Sam? I know you are not going to try to win those tickets. Yeah, I am gonna win, anyway what's the number? 504-9876. Oooooo, its ringing! Hello, is this DJ New Orleans! Whassup, what's your name! My...name is Samantha! Okay Samantha, if you get this question right you win the tickets to the Bahamas, you have 10 seconds, to answer, are you ready! Yeah, I'm ready! Okay, who sings the song Roll Out? 10 seconds. 10, 9, 8, Roll Out, I know that song. 7, 6, 5, 4, Its Ludacris, said Courtney. Okay, umm Ludacris, is it Ludacris! Is that your final answer? Yeah! Samantha, you....won! I won! Yay! I'm bad! What is your favorite radio station! MAX 94.1!!! Oh my god, oh my god, I'm going to the Bahamas! Lets see who should I take, okay one for me, my man, my momma, my brother. Pleease take me, I'm your best friend! Girl you know I'm gonna take you, but you gotta find somebody else to go with you. I don't have nobody to come with me. Why don't you ask Trunks. Why would I wanna ask him, I can't stand him. Ask him and then maybe you can ask him about what happened, said Sam. Oh well, I guess I'll ask him to come, do you know where he will be at? I think he's at the dock where he works at. I'll be back later. Bye. *The docks* Trunks! Hey Baby Girl, said Trunks. Don't call me that, said Courtney. You didn't mind me calling you that at the party. Well anyway, I want to know would you like to come to the Bahamas with Sam, Brad, and me? The Bahamas, how did she get tickets anyway? Sam won the Bahamas getaway, off of the radio. That's cool, I'll be glad to go, under his breath maybe I can get you to like me. Trunks what did you just say? I said I'll be glad. No, no not that you said something else after that. I said that maybe I can get you to like me more. Will see, what will happen, I got some questions for you anyway. Oh yeah, we leave tomorrow at 8:00 meet us here, bye, said Courtney as she ran back to her car. She is so gorgeous, Trunks said as he waved bye to her.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Bahamas here we come! Hey booby, said Sam! *Yuck* Their so lovey dovey all the time, said Courtney. Hey Baby, said Brad! Whassup Baby Girl, said Trunks! Will you quit calling me that, I'm going to let you know now, don't try nothing with me, don't call me baby girl, don't touch me or nothing like that, I wouldn't had asked you to come if I didn't have any question to ask you. Okay, bab! Uh, uh, uh, uh. Okay, Courtney, I won't flirt with you. Here's the boat, said Brad! *On the boat* *Groan* Oh, I feel so bad, Brad said while he was throwing up. Its okay baby, will be on the island pretty soon Sam said while rubbing his back. Where are you going asked Sam? I'm going to the other side of the boat, I'm feel sick just watching him throw up like that, said Courtney. As she walked over to the front of the boat and stared at the water, Trunks grabbed her around her waist. Huh, Trunks remember what I told you. I know but I just can't help it, you lead a man on to doing something like that. Can I ask you something, said Courtney. Sure anything, if you want me to take my arms from around you I'll do that. No, its not that, you can keep your arms there, its just I wanna know what happened at the Sigma Party, that's all. To himself she actually let me keep my arms around her. Trunks, Trunks, are you listening? Yeah, you wanna know what happened, nothing bad happened if that is what you're thinking, all that happened is somebody had spiked your drink.....I tried to tell you but you drunk it anyway, after I had told you not too. I kissed you didn't it? How did you know? Sam told me, I was kind of shock to know I did that to you. Well yeah, you did kiss me, I think it was the drink that was making you act all wild and out of control. I guess so....but I'm not drunk now and I'm letting you keep your arms around me....usually I would had punched you or something. Yeah, when you kicked me yesterday it really hurt! I'm sorry, you forgive don't you. Yeah, I forgive you babygirl. Haha, I'm actually starting to like that name. They both just stood there in each other arms laughing. Awww, that's so cute, said Sam. Why are we spying on them, asked Brad? Just to make sure they get together.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 The Bahamas (A.N. Okay now it is going to be like the movie now, that's if I can remember how it went, I just might have to go rent it, but anyway on with story) \"Wow, its even more beautiful in person than it is on tv\", said Courtney!\" Yeah it is, said Trunks. Whoa, what's up dudes, said this short, fat, dude with dredlocks. Umm hi, said Sam. Hi ladies, my name is Andre (A.N. Forgot that dude name) how about we go up to my room and *smack*. Bitch get the fuck away from, Sam screamed! Man, you didn't had to do that, said Andre! Well dudes, if you want some weed, holla at me. Who would want some weed from him, beside all the weed is rolled up in his head, said Brad. Everybody laughed. *The Island Resort* Welcome to the Island Resort, said a tall, dull looking woman from around the counter. Hi, said the group. Okay, so like do you have a reservation, oh yeah and my name is Gladys? Yeah, we have one under Samantha Bryant (A.N. That is your last name right? Oh yeah, and I wanna thank you for helping me out on my other story!) Okay here are your keys and Darryl with show ya'll to your rooms. So you guys, have the honeymoon suite, said Darryl. Yeah, we do but we're not married or nothing, said Sam I wasn't talking about that, I was going to tell you that back in 1965 a couple commit suicide in room 345. Well me and my boo got room 346, said Brad. I won't let no ghost get this girl, said Trunks. Ahem, I can take care of myself, said Courtney. Well enjoy your stay here, said Darryl. *Room 345* This sure is a big room, said Trunks. It's the honeymoon suite, what did you expect. I'm tired I think I'll go take a nap, said Courtney. Can I join you? No you can't, you're sleeping on the couch! Aw, I thought we had something going.....on the boat early. Nope, like you said that I lead a man, I lead you to tell me what happened. So you used me? If that's what you want to call it. But. But nothing you're sleeping on the couch, I would have to be desperate to let you sleep in the same bed with me.*Squeak, Squeak* Their at it again, said Courtney. That's how we should be, said Trunks. See that's a reason why you're sleeping on the couch. *Room 346* This bed is really bouncy, said Sam. Why don't we go to the pool, said Brad. Yeah, we should so I can show off my new bathing suit. (A.N. I think that's how it went) Yeah, so I can just rip it off, said Brad. Maybe and maybe not, said Sam. We should go invite Courtney and Trunks. Aw man, I thought we was gonna have a little free time, said Brad. Well you guess wrong. *Sam gets up and goes across the hall* *Knocks on the door* Come in, said Trunks. *Sam open the door* \"Where's Courtney,\" asked Sam? \"She's in the bedroom unpacking, he said while pointing to the bedroom\". Hey, said Sam. Hi, what brought you over here, asked Courtney? Oh, I came over to see if you and Trunks wanted to come over to pool with me and Brad. Sure, I wouldn't mind coming. Great, I'll go tell Trunks, said Sam. *sighs, and says to herself why does Trunks always have to come* Because you two needs to hookup, said Sam. *startled* Huh, how did you know, what I was thinking, asked Courtney? I read your mind, that's all, said Sam. Didn't nobody tell you to come barging all in my head! My bad, I'm sorry, said Sam. *Both of them walks back up in the living room* Trunks, do you wanna come to the pool with me, Brad, and Courtney, asked Sam? Sure, sounds like fun, I finally gets to see Courtney's other side, said Trunks. *SMACKS* You stupid pervert! I HATE you, screamed Courtney as she walked back into bedroom. (A.N. Okay, okay, I know this is not how the movie went, I'm just mixing it up with my mind) Um, bye Trunks, bye Courtney meet us down at the pool, okay, said Sam. *She stood for awhile, waiting for a answer, she glanced at Trunks he had a mad but sad impression on his face and glanced to the bedroom and there wasn't a sound coming from out of there* I guess I'll go now, said Sam as she headed to the door. Sam, said Trunks. Yes, said Sam? I'll meet you and Brad at the pool. Okay, bye, she said as she closed the door. Wonder what will happen next? Will Trunks and Courtney ever get together? Well we won't know. Well I'll know, if I let it happen. In chapter 4 the killings will begin! Hahahaha, man I'm weird, but anyway hope you like the story so far. ","Summary":" I Know What You Did Last Summer Chapter 1 Beep, beep, beep, beep. *Groan* I'm so tired, said Courtn"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"Sylver Dagger","Author":"FixieGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11527218","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was quiet in Sherwood Forest. Too quiet. A petite Man stepped softly through the Forest. \"Boo\" a young girl popped out of the trees. Like the man, she was petite and dressed all in Green. \"Aah\" cried the man before quickly recovering. \"Eleanor you should be at home.\" . \"I know\" said Eleanor Unhappily. \"My studies just got so boring and the forest was calling...\" she stopped. \"Dad...\". \"Dear, you can't sneak out whenever you get bored. \"I know.\" She said again. \"Well since you are here I can teach you how to use a bow\" Her eyes shone \"really?\" \"Yes\" Many hours later \" you have natural talent with the bow\" said the man who was called Robert \"I didn't notice.\" Said Eleanor Sourly stretching her sore muscles. \"You almost hit the wand three times\" the wand was a thin,whippy birch stick which was nearly impossible to hit. At Locksly hall \"Hello Master Robert, Mistress Eleanor...\" a plump, elderly woman greeted them \"Welcome to Locksly Hall.\" ","Summary":" It was quiet in Sherwood Forest. Too quiet. A petite Man stepped softly through the Forest. \"Boo\""},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"The Color of His Eyes","Author":"westwingnut221","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8802346","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" The Color of His Eyes\" Disclaimer: Robin Hood's not mine in any way shape or form. Too bad really… AN: I just love this movie and watched it again tonight. Since there's not nearly enough fanfiction for Marion and Robin, I thought I'd write a bit of my own. I might continue it with the burning of Nottingham and discovering that Walter's dead. Maybe continue it on through Robin's departure… Thoughts? He was gone. Robin Longstride had abandoned Pepperharrow, had abandoned Sir Walter Loxley, and had abandoned her. She should have known that he would head for the hills as soon as he could. As they had toured Nottingham today, Marion had thought for just a moment that he was an honorable man. He had talked of how a man should be able to fend for himself, he had taken the Sherriff to task for his insolent words to her, and she had caught a glimpse of a man who might be able to rejuvenate Nottingham. But she had awakened just now and he was not asleep in front of the fire. He had left. She knew the color of his eyes now and they were the color of betrayal. He had played the part with his \"Ask me nicely\" and his charming of the town's folk, but clearly that had all been a façade to weasel his way into an old man's heart and home. Marion idly wondered if he'd stolen anything before he'd left. She sighed and slipped on her robe and slippers to go check. The sight of his sleeping bulk in front of the fire in the main room stopped her dead in her tracks. He hadn't left, after all. A part of her, larger than she realized, was relieved, relieved that he hadn't betrayed her and relieved he was still there. But what on earth was he doing down here? As Marion got closer, she could see that he was filthy, exhausted, and drenched to the skin. She couldn't help but admire him, though. Robin truly was a very handsome man. Marion's eyes had involuntarily strayed to his well-shaped torso as she'd helped him out of his mail and shirt last night. She remembered how his strong hands had felt, helping her onto her horse and guiding her foot into the stirrup today. His arms had taken the weight of the ram and then her as if they were nothing. And he had been oh, so warm. He must have felt her eyes on him, for his own flickered open. For a woman who had threatened him only last night, she imagined waking to find her staring at him would be somewhat confusing. An explanation was in order. \"I thought you'd left.\" \"The fields are planted. I didn't want to wake you.\" She was astonished. \"How did you get the seed?\" \"If you have to ask how, then it's not a gift.\" This man! He had galloped into her life, informed her of her husband's death, bargained himself into her family and chambers, pulled her (and a ram) out of a pit of mud, even stood up for her against the Sherriff, and now this. She had prayed for a miracle and God had sent her one, in the very pleasing form of the man in front of her. \"Thank you.\" Marion leaned over and pulled the blanket up around Robin's shoulders. His eyes, as she met them, seemed to say thousands of words. She wasn't quite ready to listen to them, but she couldn't help but notice that they were the most beautiful blend of blue and green that she'd ever seen. Her breath hitched. Now she knew. Her steps faltered briefly as she left him, but her mind and her heart were both incapable of expressing what they were feeling. As she reluctantly returned to her chambers, Marion Loxley thought it possible that Robin Longstride was indeed a very honorable man. ","Summary":" \" The Color of His Eyes\" Disclaimer: Robin Hood's not mine in any way shape or form. Too bad real"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"Robin Hood's Tough Choice","Author":"Pile-a-poo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9438899","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Robin Hood's Tough Choice Robin Hood and Little John ran through the forest, the Sheriff of Nottingham hot on their tails…arrows flew past Robin's ear and the fox decided, \"Hey, I don't actually have to be faster than the sheriff, I just have to be faster than the bear.\" He turned to Little John who was now huffing heavily, his breathing coming labored. \"Sorry to do this to ya old friend, but I think I hear Maid Marian calling,\" said Robin. \"Hey! Where are you going?!\" shouted Little John as he watched the red plume of the fox's tail disappear into the woods. \"Well if that don't beat all,\" said the bear to himself. It wasn't long before he was captured and taken back to Knottingham for a hearing. They threw him into the dungeon and fed him on bread crumbs and stale water. \"It's okay, \"said the bear, trying to console himself. \"Robin won't leave me here to rot in prison. My buddy will come for me.\" Robin had other troubles of his own. Maid Marian had been kidnapped. Robin rallied the Merry Men. \"Let's try to find her before she's forced into a slave marriage,\" they said. Just as the men were gathering their swords and bows and arrows, someone came and told Robin, \"Little John is in trouble. They're set to hang him at noon today.\" It was a tough choice. \"Let's see,\" said the fox while the men tapped their feed impatiently. \"We could either go for Little John, our friend…but then it might be too late for M.M.\" \"Or…we could go for the girl and forget old baggy britches,\" said Christian Slater. \"Hey, what are you doing in this fan fiction?\" asked the fox. \"I don't really know.\" \"Then get out of here,\" said the fox. Then he felt bad about it, so he added, \"If you don't mind.\" Everyone watched until Christian Slater walked over to a hidden door in the scenery, opened it, and stepped through. They all breathed a sigh of relief. \"I hate it when they do that,\" said someone. \"Anyway,\" said Robin, checking his sword belt. \"Back to the plot.\" \"Right,\" said one of the twin vultures. \"So, what we gonna do? What we gonna do?\" \"I don't really know,\" said Robin, \"What 'you wanna do?\" \"I don't know,\" said the bird. There was silence for a bit and then the bird asked again, \"So what we gonna do? What we gonna do?\" His twin immediately bopped him on the head with a feathered fist. \"Now don't start that again.\" \"Riiight,\" said Robin. This was getting strange. He made up his mind. \"Fellow robbers,\" said he, and everyone lent him their ears. Robin studied the bloody ears for a moment. He was about to comment but quickly shook his head, closing his eyes tight. He wasn't going to get distracted again. \"I've reached a conclusion. I mean a decision. We're going to save BOTH the maid and the bear.\" Everyone gasped. They had not known their leader was so ubiquitous. \"And how, pray tell,\" said one of the merry men who looked like a rabbit, \"do you propose we do that? Shall we split ourselves into halves and thus divide our energies, not to mention our bodies? How can we do both of those mutually exclusive things?\" \"You're right,\" said the fox, looking sly. \"We'll just have to play rock, paper, scissors.\" He and the rabbit played a few rounds before Robin threw up his paws. \"Oh, it's no use! We can't make anything but 'rocks' with these stupid things.\" \"Meanwhile,\" said Christian Slater, poking his head back through the scenery, \"Little John wastes away, and Maid Marion is one step closer to the end of being 'Maid.' \"That does it!\" shouted Robin. \"Get that human!\" Everyone rushed at Christian Slater who couldn't react in time to jerk his head back out and close the door. His grinning face got wedged in the crack and all of the animals crashed through upon him. They were in the real world now. \"Cool,\" said the Rabbit, looking around. \"Now what we gonna do?\" \"Anything you want,\" said the fox. And so, that is what they did. The End ","Summary":" Robin Hood's Tough Choice Robin Hood and Little John ran through the forest, the Sheriff of Notting"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"The Greenwood","Author":"wannab4eva468","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10415633","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Where the Greenwood Grows, there's the chance of another life, No questions, no thoughts of wealth or position, Where Merry Men make merry with song and dance, All are equal, all are the same, To the outside world the Deep in the heart of England, the legend of these heroes live. ","Summary":" Where the Greenwood Grows, there's the chance of another life, No questions, no thoughts of wealth "},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"Gallows","Author":"rika08","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12087900","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The courtyard of the Royal Castle was filled to the brim with people of all ranks. Knights, Lord, farmers, blacksmiths, soldiers, all filled the courtyard to witness was all, save few, deemed to be the most horrendous travesty since the death of King Richard some years prior. They had been gathered, by force, on orders of King John, to the gallows. To witness, what King John believed to be, an execution of importance. Even the king, himself was present at the event. Seated upon his thrown, covered from the foul weather, King John watched on as she emerged into the courtyard. Escorted by two guards, marched barefoot, exhausted, starved, and beaten marched Lady Marion Loxley. Though now, both her title and name of her first husband had been stripped from her. With her wrists bound by rough ropes, her arms gripped by the strength of her guards, and her body weighted by the swollenness of an infant within her, Marion stumbled her way from her prison cell toward the gallows platform. Her feet staggered across the cold ground and sharp stones, though she hardly felt them. There was little to be felt now that her body had gone numb with cold. Her gown had done nothing to stave off the bitter cold of her cell and there were none to take pity on her within the court. None would dare defy King John. Voices within the crowd cried out in outrage and pity for her. The women cried out in pity for her fate. The noblemen cried out with outrage that the King would stoop so low as to hang a woman of noble blood, condemning their lord. Yet none made any motion to alter the events. In the end, they feared for the safety of their own lives. The steps of the scaffold appeared in front of Marion. Her guards pushed her onward, up the steps, one by one. Each one vanished faster than a blink of an eye. She was paraded across the scaffold and made to stop in front of the crowd. One guard moved to until her hands, only to secure them, once more, behind her back. Should the conditioned woman make a final attempt to flee. The second guard took the noose brought it around her neck, tightening until she could hardly draw a full breath. The rope dug into her flesh, causing her great discomfort. \"By order of the King. For aiding the outlaw Robin Longstride in impersonating a Knight of the Realm, for sheltering the outlaw on various occasion, for crimes of conspiracy against the crown, Lady Marion Loxley is sentenced to death. To be hanged by the neck until dead.\" Marion felt her heart beat faster within her chest. Her eyes swept through the crowd, uncertain whether to be pleased or not at the prospect of seeing another outlaw amongst the crowd. Though she had told Robin time and time again, should she ever be captured, under no circumstance was robin to attempt to rescue her. Neither Marion, nor Robin, ever believed that said moment would arrive whilst Marion was heavy with child. And thought she wished not to see her child's life end before it had fully began, to end with hers, she could not find it in her heart to wish Robin to risk his own life for them. Her eyes fount not another outlaw should before her, only the familiar face of William Marshall. His face had aged some since their last meeting and he appeared far less than pleased to see her. But there was something else in his eye, something Marion couldn't place. King John stood from his throne, raising a hand to hush the restless crowd. \"Before the order is given, Lady Marion, know that I do not take pleasure in watching the hanging of a woman. And so you do not think me unmerciful, I offer one final chance to save your life and the life of your child.\" He paused a moment, casting a glance about the crowd. \"Give up the outlaw, Robin Longstride, and I swear to you, that your life and the life of your child, will be spared.\" The crowd broke out into a horrendous chorus of outraged cries. Several of the braver men pushed against the soldiers standing guard, attempting to break through the line. They would easily tossed back into the crowd. Marion did not waste the last few moments of her life contemplating her next choice of words. \"Do these words hold the same value to you as your words to the Lords? Did you not give your word on a charter and refuse them thus? How can I trust the word of a King who denies his word to his people?\" Several onlookers cried out in agreement with the lady. Neither action pleased the King. The King nodded in anger. \"Very well. Let is be so. The fate of yourself and of Longstride's bastard child is sealed this day! Executioner!\" The man on Marion's left approached the trap door release. Villagers shouted in rage and pushed against the soldiers again. Their voices rang out, screaming of the injustice and corruption of the King. The soldiers fought their ground and pushed the peasants back into place. Suddenly, an arrow flew through the air and struck the throne where King John had sat moments before. All cries fell silent, all eyes drew to the arrow. The King pulled the shaft from his throne, his hands trembling in rage. \"That was a warning, your majesty.\" Called a voice from above. Marion gasped at hearing the sound of his voice. The fool could never listen to her. \"I shan't miss again.\" \"Show yourself, Longstride!\" demanded the King. \"Or does the life of your wife and child mean nothing to you?\" From below, the peasants watched as Robin stepped into sight up on the archers precipice. Marion lifted her gaze to look at him. His bow was drawn and an arrow lay notched in the string. Though far below him, Marion could make out a dark scowl on his face and fury within his eyes. \"I'm hardly hiding, majesty.\" Robin replied. \"Release my wife, and no blood will be spilled today.\" \"You dare make demands of me? Your king!\" John yelled. \"You are no king of mine,\" Robin declared. \"but a tyrant, bleeding his people dry. I'll not ask again, release my wife.\" \"Surrender, and they will be spared archer.\" the king replied. With all eyes upon the king and the outlaw, no one paid notice to Marion upon the scaffold. Not even the eyes of her guards. Unnoticed by all around, a young boy silently climb the scaffold up to the gallows. As silent as he was, Loop scurried behind Marion. Had she not spent time with him and the other runaways of Sheerwood, Marion would not have heard his approach. The rough binding tumbled from his wrists and lay beside her feet. He loosened the noose and removed it from her neck. It was then that Marion noticed the small boys dotting the front of the crowd. Had they been there all along. \"You try my patience, Longstride.\" John cried. \"Surrender!\" \"Never!\" Robin cried. \"Then watch her die!\" John replied. His eyes, as all others, returned to Marion, who was no longer alone upon the scaffold. \"Kill her!\" Robin released his arrow. t flew through the air, not at King John, but toward the gallows. The arrow struck the lever, releasing the trap door beneath Loop and Marion. As the door released, the entire courtyard burst into chaos. Marion and Loop tumbled through the trapdoor, crashing to the cold ground. The force put off her balance, and sent Marion tumbling to her knees. Loop took to her guard. The runaways of Sheerwood burst into action, throwing themselves into the guards. Not only them, but other outlaws of Robin's emerged from within the crowd. Little John's large stature emerged within the crowd to quickly strike down one of the guards with his stave. Many within the crowd scattered to escape the brawl, fleeing toward the gates of the courtyard. The runaways corralled around Marion, forming a line of defense beneath the scaffold. Marion struggled to her feet, baring the heaviness of her unborn child. For a moment, they were safe, but they could not stay so if they wished to escape. They would need to risk the guards. \"What in Gods name are you doing here?\" Marion demanded, finally rising to her feet. \"Rescuing you, of course.\" Loop answered quickly. \"I told you lot to leave to my fate.\" Loop looked over his shoulder toward Marion. \"Did you really think we'd leave you to the King?\" \"Better than to risk your lives for mine.\" she replied. Suddenly the crowd parted in half as a wild horse drawing a cart, tore across the courtyard, racing toward the gallows. Marion recognized the good friar upon the seat of the cart, guiding the horse her way. In a wild act, the friar drew the horse in a wide circle, until it came to a stop at the base of the gallows. He swung his stave at the guards upon the scaffold. Loop pulled Marion by the arm from beneath the scaffold. He led her around to the back of the cart and helped her inside. Several of the runaways jumped into the back alongside Marion. Tuck snapped the reigns and led the horse and cart out of the courtyard. By nightfall, the castle gallows and battle had been driven far behind the outlaws of Sheerwood, though Marion had no recollection of the journey. The cart had barely exited London when Marion succumbed to exhaustion. What became of their journey, she had no memory of until she was gently jostled awake by the scent of sweat and leather, and the motion of her body being carried. It was not until she felt herself being laid upon the soft straw bed that Marion found the strength to open her eyes. Night had long since fallen whilst she slept, and only the light of a single candle shown within their home. But that was enough for Marion to see her husbands face. He had faired well in this battle, far better than others, but not so to return unscathed. his brow was thick with sweat, his face smeared with dirt and blood, his hands were cold against her skin as he drew the blanket over her body and touched her face. But it was his eyes that kept her attention. His eyes that looked at her with such emotions. Fear, concern, wonder, love, all coursing through at once. He did not sit beside her, though there was room aplenty. He simply stared at her. His voice was low but thick. \"Are you injured.\" \"No.\" she answered in return. \"No wounds that risk infect? No bruises from the guards? No foul food embedded into your tongue?\" His concern was in earnest, and endearing. Marion brought herself upright, nearly matching his seated height. The warmth she had gathered from the blanket quickly fled as it tumbled from her body. Robin quickly moved to return the blanket to her, but Marion's hands ceased his actions. She drew her hands to his face, lifting his eyes back to hers, though she had little physical strength within at that moment. She had no doubt that Robin new the same, but followed her command. \"No wounds to dress, no bruises to soothe, and no putrid food to taint my memory.\" came her reply. \"I may be slightly chilled, but it is nothing to concern yourself with, husband. We, both, are well.\" Robin said nothing, but his hands came up from the blanket at her waist, to her face. His kiss was sudden and passionate. But Marion could feel more within his touch and hold as he kissed her. He seemed to believe that she would vanish from his very presence. Robin pulled from her slowly, reluctantly, breathing heavily against her face. His hands fell from her cheeks to her belly. Though he was a man of great skill and strength, there was nothing but tenderness in the way he caressed her body. There was no lack of affection toward herself or their babe. \"I nearly lost you both this day.\" \"But you did not.\" Marion reminded. She placed her hands over his. \"We are safe, because of you.\" \"It is because of me you are here.\" Robin stated. \"The forest of Sheerwood is no place to bring a child into the woods. You should be in Pepper harrow. Safe. Away from King John.\" \"Did you force me to follow you?\" Marion demanded. \"Did you take me from halls that had been my home to live with outlaws and runaways? Did you force me to marry you? To have your child, this child? No. I chose to follow you here,, into Sheerwood. I chose to live with outlaws, runaways, to live by the ideas of a visionary man. I chose to marry the son of a stonemason, an archer, crusader, and outlaw. I not only chose, but would not hesitate to make theses choices again.\" She gently shook his face, forcing his eyes to find hers again. \"I knew the risks in following you, Robin Longstride. I knew all of it and I still chose to stay with you. I will always chose you, Robin.\" Robin said nothing, but sighed heavily. \"Have I chastised you enough?\" Marion inquired. Her words brought a smile to his lips. \"Aye, wife, ye have. And I am obliged to repay you the courtesy for venturing off alone.\" Marion smiled at him. \"Very well, husband, though I must warn you, as the night continues on, I cannot guarantee my alertness. Perhaps it is best to postpone chastising me until the morning?\" \"Ask me nicely.\" Robin whispered. first robin hood fanfic, recently saw the movie and fell in love with it. ","Summary":" The courtyard of the Royal Castle was filled to the brim with people of all ranks. Knights, Lord, f"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"Lull","Author":"saudade do coracao","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8851778","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rating : T for mentions of violence and attempted rape, nudity, and mild sexual situations. Warning: FLUFF everywhere. Acknowledgement : This is one of my less original pieces, as some lines and situations were taken from Elliott Silver's Robin Hood fanfics, no matter how hard I tried to exorcise them. To the story \"Featherweight,\" I owe: \"I'll need some help with the plate armor\" and \"Why did you come?\" To the story \"The Verge of the World,\" I owe: \"I want to marry you.\" Disclaimer : I am not affiliated in any way with the 2010 film Robin Hood , Universal Pictures, Imagine Entertainment, Relativity Media, Scott Free Productions, or Elliott Silver. He carries her to his horse, unseeing of the hundreds of men cheering his name. When he reaches his mount he eases Marion to her feet, putting her hand on the horse's flank for support. \"Marion, can you ride?\" he asks. His blood is drying on her cheek, and her face is tired, though her eyes are warm. \"I suppose I will manage it,\" she says, \"with a strong man like you to help me.\" Robin is relieved to hear her sharp tongue. It tells him her hurt is not grave, and that makes him smile. \"With your permission, milady,\" he says, moving to grasp her by the waist. She raises her arms, and his hands settle around her waist and lift her onto the horse's back. He looks up at her. \"How does that feel?\" Marion scoots to the back of the saddle, granting him room. \"Well enough,\" she says. \"Any dizziness?\" \"Some,\" she acknowledges. Robin puts his foot in the stirrup and swings himself up to sit in front of her. \"Hold on tightly to me, then,\" he says. \"Tell me if it worsens.\" \"Certainly, Robin Longstride,\" she says, in a tone that makes it clear she thinks he is coddling her. But though her words are strong, her body is not, and in the long ride to Peper Harow, her hands come to grip the stomach of his armour. \"Has it worsened?\" he asks her, making to pull up the horse. \"For heaven's sake, Robin, less talking and more riding!\" She strives to sound light, but there is pain lacing her voice. Robin urges the horse forward. When they reach Peper Harow, he slides down first and turns to lift her down. Marion collapses into his arms, and he has to hold her up. The sound of her heavy breathing fills the courtyard. \"Mother of God, woman! You're ready to faint!\" She lifts her head but still has to lean against him. \"No such thing,\" she says stiffly. \"I've never fainted in my life, and I'm not about to start now.\" A manservant approaches. \"Sir Robert?\" \"Tend to the horse,\" Robin says, gesturing toward it. \"And tell a maid to heat the water for the bath.\" \"Yes, sir,\" says the servant, hurrying away. \"You've taken well to being lord of the house,\" Marion comments faintly. \"Not to being lord of my lady, though,\" he says, scooping her up even as she protests. \"Though with her spirit, I doubt that such a thing is possible.\" \"Robin!\" she scolds, but slips her arm behind his neck. He makes his way into the house, finding the bathing room. Two maids are filling the bath with heated water. Marion addresses one of them, asking her to fetch healing salve and bandages. The maid curtsies and turns. When the bath is filled, the salve and bandages laid out, and the maids gone, Marion turns to Robin. \"Will you help me with the armour?\" she asks, tone tentative. Her eyes find his questioning ones and hold. Robin steps forward and carefully undoes the clasp at the neck. She holds still, barely breathing, as he looses the clasps and laces, gently stripping off the layers of armour until all that's left is her linen undergarments, stained with blood and sweat. Marion breathes a sigh of relief. \"Thank you.\" She reaches forward to remove his armour without his asking. He does not have to direct her as he did the first time. She is now acquainted with armour and battle as she was not before. She removes his undertunic and steps back. Her breathing is strained from the effort of her labour. \"Well,\" she says. He suddenly feels out of place. \"Should I call a maid to assist you?\" he says. She watches him. \"If it is amenable to you, I'd rather you didn't. My husband can help me himself, don't you think?\" He swallows. \"If you're certain, Marion.\" \"I am,\" she says, and draws off her undertunic. Her skin is milky pale, with great purple bruises blooming out across her ribs and chest. There's blood on her neck and stomach. He glimpses a pattern of bruises on her neck that immediately twist his stomach, and he crosses closer to see them better. The bruises are strangulation marks. Robin's eyes roam her body, searching. They settle on her wrists, dark with bruises the size of a man's fingers. He carefully takes her forearm in one hand, lifting it up. \"These aren't from the battle,\" he says, frowning. \"Your armour would have protected you from them.\" \"No,\" Marion agrees, \"they're not.\" He raises his eyes to search her face. \"What happened, Marion? They're on your neck as well.\" \"It's nothing,\" she says. \"It's over now.\" His grip on her is still gentle, but his voice is insistent. \"I want to know.\" \"Godfrey's man,\" she says. \"Earlier, when they invaded the town. He fancied the idea of having the lady of the manor.\" \"And?\" presses Robin, feeling his stomach twist tighter in desperate anger. She meets his gaze full-on. \"I stabbed him in the back of the neck.\" He is surprised into a smile and leans forward to kiss her forehead, feeling incredibly proud but also regretful. \"There never was a woman your equal.\" Then, \"I'm sorry I wasn't there to protect you.\" She shrugs her slim shoulders. \"I was without a man to protect me for ten years, Robin. I learned to protect myself.\" She puts her hands on his shoulders and her voice softens. \"Though there are times when I need to be helped, and today was one of those days. Thank you.\" Then they are kissing, clinging to each other and savouring the comfort of one another. Robin's arms wrap around Marion and pull her closer. He is satisfied. This is what he has wanted since she first told him, in a flat voice, that she had been Robert's wife. She is the strongest woman he has ever known, but still she needs him. And he needs her. It is a wondrous thing to ponder. Her breath hitches as his hand brushes a tender spot, and he pulls back, regarding her carefully. She smiles tiredly. \"Isn't it a silly thing, that we both want each other and are too battle-weary to do anything about it?\" He kisses her again, once. \"Another day, Marion,\" he promises. \"Now let's get you clean so you can rest.\" She removes her trousers, and he helps her into the tub. She sits while he washes her hair, marvelling at the long tangles of russet brown. He tries to be careful in smoothing the knots out, but this is new work for him. Marion makes no comment, not even when Robin feels the tangles catch on his calloused fingers. She then cleans herself, with him washing her back, and he helps her out of the tub. In the moment before he wraps her in a warm cloth, he marvels at her body, the lines both soft and strong, perfectly imperfect. \"You are a very beautiful woman, Marion Loxley,\" he says, and a memory presses him to add impishly, \"in the way ladies sometimes are when they've gone to battle.\" She gives a startled choke of laughter, and then he's wrapped her in the cloth and she's leaning against him. They stand still, breathing for a moment, until she wrinkles her nose and pulls back. \"Robin, you stink. Bathe yourself so we can go to bed.\" It's his turn to laugh, amused by her boldness, but he obeys his lady's order. She sits in a chair by the fireplace and applies the salve to her wounds while he cleans himself. The room is quiet but for the crackling of the fire and lap of the water, and this is perhaps the most peaceful he has felt in ten years' time. The grime and striving of the day wash away, leaving him to start anew. He catches Marion watching him, but for the first time, she doesn't look away. She meets his eyes, only a little bashful, and he relishes in her forwardness. It's the first time she's felt comfortable enough to openly look at him this way, and he thinks it must be because they now know what they mean to each other. He loves her. He loves her as he has not loved a woman in all his days. He has known her only a fortnight, but it is enough to know he will love her a little more every day for the rest of his life. It matters not that she has not made a similar confession. She is a woman of few words, but she made herself clear enough by asking him to return to her. He carries her up the stairs, half because she needs the help, half because he wants to. He loves that he can touch her now, that she is not holding herself back from him in formality. He lays her down gently on the bed and stands back, letting her make the next decision. She reaches for his arm, her long fingers wrapping insistently around his wrist. \"Stay,\" she says. Robin climbs in beside her and pulls her into his arms, pressing his lips to her temple. \"Didn't think this would be happening so soon.\" Marion lays her hands on top of his and looks at him sideways. \"But you thought it would happen?\" He grins. \"I hoped so.\" She smiles a little, seeming satisfied, and doesn't press the matter. He leans his head closer to her so he can bury his nose in her hair. She smells of mint and yarrow, and he breathes in deeply. He finds it easier to ask her like this. \"Why did you come today?\" Marion's spine straightens against him. \"England is my country just as much as it is yours.\" He doesn't want to argue with her; he simply wants to know. \"Is that why you came?\" he asks quietly. She seems to sense his genuine curiosity and turns to face him. \"I told you, I'm used to caring for myself and mine. If England were to fall to France, Peper Harow would belong to the French, and they would likely take it from me.\" She sees him about to open his mouth and plunges forward. \" But I also wanted to make sure you came back to me. You never did give a definitive answer to my request.\" He laughs and leans forward to kiss her. It is breath-taking, as he has always known it would be. He pulls back to meet her eyes. \"I will always come back to you, Marion.\" She flattens her hands against his chest. \"That is all I ask.\" In the morning, he wakens to honeyed light warming his cheek and russet hair on his shoulder. Marion is breathing peacefully beside him, still twined in his arms. He hears the cows bawling to be milked, the horses whinnying for their breakfast, servants crossing the courtyard, and maids bustling about the kitchen. For the first time in a very long time, there are no pressing matters to attend to. There is a charter to be drawn up, but Robin will have very little to do with that. His father has done most of the work, and the barons will do the rest. Marion wakes to find his eyes on her. \"Good morning, my lady,\" he says, liking the taste of the words on his tongue. She looks more comfortable and at home than he has yet seen her. She lifts herself on elbows and leans over to kiss him. \"Good morning, my lord.\" \"Ah, that is the way a husband should be addressed,\" he says, splaying his hands across her waist. She rolls away from him and out of bed. \"There are matters for my husband to attend to.\" He is disappointed but doesn't show it. It is best to tread lightly with Marion. \"What are these matters?\" She is dressing, heedless of his eyes. \"Eating breakfast with his lady and then surveying the damage in the village. The villagers will need medical care and new shelter, and we need to see that they are being attended to.\" That is something he loves about her: her commitment to her people, poor or unimportant as they may be. \"Your villagers are blessed to have you for their lady.\" \"And you for their lord,\" she says, coming over and reaching for his hand. \"Come, we shall see if we can find some time alone after our duties have been seen to.\" He pulls her closer to him when she makes to get away. She snorts, but leans into him. \"Marion, I want to marry you,\" he says. She starts in surprise and looks up into his eyes. \"What brings this on?\" He runs his fingers up her arms to push her hair from her face. \"When a man loves a woman, that is generally the next step.\" \"Not when that man is already considered to be the woman's husband,\" she says practically. \"Marion,\" he says, cupping her face, \"I am not Robert Loxley. I am not a knight, nor shall I ever be. I am but the humble Robin Longstride.\" \"Not-so-humble Robin Longstride, as I recall it,\" she grumbles. He ignores her. \"And since we love one other, I think it a practical arrangement, do you not agree?\" \"Whoever said I loved you?\" she says, cheek dimpling. He pulls her forward and kisses her soundly. \"I did,\" he says, when they've pulled apart. \"Then I suppose the friar had better arrange something,\" Marion says. She leans against him a moment more before slipping out from under his arm and running to the door, eluding his attempts to pull her back. \"Come, your breakfast will be cold.\" ","Summary":" Rating : T for mentions of violence and attempted rape, nudity, and mild sexual situations. Warning"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"The Untold Tale of Little John","Author":"Roc Lammergeier","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6819264","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, this is really stupid but I couldn't get the idea out of my head, so... yeah. This is the legend of Robin of the Hood and his partner, Little John… Robin Longstride held his wife, Marion, in his arms in the water. They had nearly drowned fighting the traitorous Godfrey, and now the battle was almost over and won. Robin kissed her fully on the lips, tenderly caressing her. He was so incredibly glad she was alive, he almost forgot about the invading French and the naïve King John. Little John came screaming past them on the beach, hammer raised to fight. He noticed them as they broke away and waded into the water. The hammer dropped to his side and John tilted his head sideways. \"Robin,\" John interrupted them. Robin looked up. \"If you can admit you like men, well, so can I!\" Little John reached over, grabbed a random soldier, and kissed him on the mouth. Then, he dropped the soldier and let out a vicious cry of victory. The soldier (who might have been French) dropped down into the water in a dead faint. Robin and Marion looked at him with disbelief and confusion. \"Um, John,\" Robin started. \"This is Marion. You know, my wife…\" \"Hello, John,\" Marion said, pulling off the cap that was keeping the hair out of her face. John's face started to fall, and the hammer slid out of his hands. His eyes widened. \"Oh.\" In memory of the victims of the earthquake in Japan on March 11 th , 2011. ","Summary":" Okay, this is really stupid but I couldn't get the idea out of my head, so... yeah. This is the leg"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"The Archer","Author":"The minor character","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8206828","Passage":"[Chapter 1] People rushing out of a tall building with glass on the street with a man laying in on the sidewalk. The man laid in broken glass blood running down my face. As he got up slowly from the street curb he looked around with making sure that he was safe, he wasn't. The alarm was blaring with guards pouring out of a building surrounding him with rifles. He put his hands behind his head. He was dressed in a green sweatshirt but the front looked more like a vest because within the clothe he had bullet vest and it was all over. His pants were the same but black with no pockets. They looked like sweat pants but thiner but was poorly made of material that was metal but flexed easy making it easier for him to run on his calf he had a knife knife in his holster. He had dark black hair that was straight but tousled up and with the blood mixed it looked like is had been dyed. His arms had archery arm guards that go down his whole forearm and stop at the wrist where he had a triangle on the forearm. At the end of them that covered the top of his hands. Then he had black shooting gloves made of leather that had the three fingers and at the tip three small spikes that seemed like could be on the bottom of a cleat. In the other was a black bow made of wood it was shinning in the alarms light. On his back was a quiver with three different types of arrows but many were missing, some were scattered at his feet, some shattered. Below that there was a pouch that seemed full. Then lastly his shoes were thin and made for sprinting and climbing with spikes that could cut through the toughest bricks at the top of his soul. He raised his head to look at the riflemen with a smirk. \"Do you know how many those arrows cost.\" The man had no hesitation as soon as the last word was said, he hit him with the butt of his gun. With the motion of the blow he feel back an came back up swiftly pulling out and arrow and pointing it at him, he stood as the rifle men aimed at him. \"You're surrounded, drop your weapon and come peacefully.\" The commanding officer said, he was unarmed. That's when the archer turned towards him. The barrels of their guns following his motion. \"Don't you know that as soon as you shoot me this arrow flies into his chest.\" The man smirked smirked as the guns pointed to the ground. The second they did he shot his arrow down the barrel of one of rifle mens gun he then crouched as the gun exploded and shot the feather back of the arrow into the chest of the man across of him not impaling but just sending him back. By the time the other men have gotten out of a daze from seeing what ha just had happened, the archer was already in a sprint heading for an ally. He had a bow n'arrow loaded with a round medal on the back of the loading part of the string that had numbers reading one point 5. He turned and shot it at the feet of the men aiming there gun, it shot right into the concrete. The captain shouted \"Fire!.\" It was to late. A second and a half had passed and a cloud of smoke covered them, one of them began to fire but soon stopped because of the officers order, he must have known that civilians had crowed. The archer pushed through a crowd of people that were staring at what had just happened. He sprinted through alleyways as officers followed. He took a turn into a dead end. As he turned pulling another arrow he saw a fire escape, he grabbed onto the ladder and climbed up but when he got to the top there was no ladder to the roof. As he turned to see where the officers where he saw them turning into the alleyway. The archer began to free climb, the spike of his shoe and glove stuck into the wall as he climbed. As he got to the top the rifle men aimed at him, putting his hand on the top brick he was shot in the left shoulder. He lost grip but planted his feet flat and sprinted up kicking his feet on wall almost looking like he was running on it. He griped the roof and pulled his self over the wall. He laid there for a moment but he got up quick and started sprinting towards the end of the roof. As he reach the steep drop to the ally way he jumped and griped the edge of the other building swing his self to the roof. He got up and continued doing this for a few roof tops,until the he reached a parking garage. He leaped and missed taking a ten foot drop onto the lower level. As he landed he started sprinting again jumping onto cars reaching a black BMW sports bike. He took off his hoodie and put it in a bag in the back along with his bow, quiver, arm guard, shooting glove and pouch. He pulled out a first aid kit. With some bandages he gave him self a quick wrap up until he got to his shoulder where he knew that the bullet was still lodge in. He took a cloth and bit into it as he took some tweezers and yanking the bullet out. His screams were muffled as he put the bullet in a bottle. He finished wrapping him self but he knew he couldn't continue like this so he thew on a white hoodie and a leather jacket. He swung his leg over the bike and started putting on a black helmet with green strips. After driving for an hour or so his adrenaline had died and all the pain was sneaking up on him. He made it to a construction site and went into a shipping box where he parked his bike and stepped off, he wen to the corner and pressed a button which was hidden under a thin layer of medal and the bottom of the box started to slowly sink into the ground. As the bottom of the box came to a stop he was in a large area with large rectangular lights imbedded in the ceiling with white tiles not only on the floor but the ceiling, and the wall. He limped along to a computer center where a man with a plaid shirt and ripped jeans was under it working under it. \"Could I get some help West.\" The man said trying to hide the pain in his voice but it was clear that it was there. \"Back so soon,\" West said in a joking tone, \"hope you didn't forget the milk.\" As the Mechanic rolled out from under the control center he saw that the blood was already seeping through the archers clothe. \"You look like shit Ace.\" West got up quick helping Ace to a operating table laying him on it and quickly started stitching him up. But as soon as Ace laid down he was out cold. ","Summary":" People rushing out of a tall building with glass on the street with a man laying in on the sidewalk"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"Giving Thanks","Author":"lafiametta","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6030847","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The winding sheet went three times round the body. Marion would have asked for help from one of the house servants, but Walter was old and frail, and it wasn't difficult to lift him. She sang quietly under her breath. An old Saxon melody she had heard as a child, but could never remember the exact words to. She tried not to cry. She kept her hands busy, wrapping the linen cloth around him, smoothing it out into proper pleats around his chest and arms. The sword was next. She made sure it was grasped tightly in his hands, like the old warrior he was. Foolish Walter, she thought, as she rubbed the back of her hand across her eyes. Why did he try to fight in the condition that he was in, old and blind and without a chance of success? What did he mean to die for? She had to stop for a moment, her eyes clenched tight as she held back everything that was pouring over her. Walter had been like her father. For ten years he had been her almost constant companion. With Robert gone, they had fallen into easy routine, as she ran his household, managed his servants, fed his dogs, all as a good daughter-in-law should. But he had been kind to her, not like many noblemen were to their sons' wives. He had trusted her, relied on her, and she rewarded him with maintaining the estate with all her strength and good grace. And now he was gone. She tried not to think about what her life would be like now that he was not in it, especially now that she had no rights to their land and it was technically forfeit to the king. She felt rootless and empty, and her hands shook as she began to think about what had happened that afternoon. She remembered his warm breath on her face, thick with wine. The shaft of sunlight across his eyes as he studied the length of her. Her heart, beating like an injured rabbit in a snare as she sensed no escape. And, as he had touched her, she remembered what she had been thinking of. Marion's eyes opened with a start: she had been thinking of Robin. Why, of all people, would his face have come to her thoughts as she was about to be savaged? Surely she couldn't associate him – for all his teasing and unrefined yeoman's glances – with such an unspeakable act? At once, she realized that was exactly what it was. She wanted his hands on her, his breath across her cheek, his eyes staring deep into hers. If a man was to touch her, she wanted it to be him, and she would have imagined him there, his fingertips tracing up the backs of her knees, even if it hadn't been him at all. Did she love him? Maybe a little. Did she want him? With every inch of her, something she hadn't felt since her husband had left her so many years ago. She laughed at herself. How foolish she was! A widow of thirty-six, with no money, about to be expelled from the home she had known for so long. What could she offer a man, who, while not of noble blood, certainly had the means and conviction to make something of himself in the world? How could she not be more than a passing interest, a quick partner in a courtly game of deception that clearly would not last the season? \"Marion?\" She turned suddenly, startled. There he was, in front of her, as if she had summoned him with her thoughts. She kept her eyes down, ashamed of the images that held fast in her mind. Her face was burning. \"Yes?\" She answered shortly, afraid her voice would betray her. \"Will you be needing any assistance? In moving Sir Walter?\" \"As you can see, I'm managing quite well here.\" He moved closer, but she sidestepped, leaving space between them. \"Marion?\" \"Hmmm?\" She looked up at him, seeing that his eyes were fastened hard onto hers. She found herself transfixed by their intensity. \"Marion, you cannot move him out of this chapel all by yourself. You're going to need some help.\" \"Who will you get?\" \"What good are men-at-arms for, if they cannot fulfill solemn duties? I'm sure the four of us will make short work of it.\" \"Of course,\" she said, realizing that was all he wanted from her, that he had simply come out of courtesy. He nodded briefly, turning to go. \"Robin?\" she blurted, not quite realizing what she was doing. He turned back to face her, his palm resting on the stone doorframe. \"Yes?\" \"Thank you.\" He looked slightly confused. \"For coming back today, I mean. I thought you might, but I didn't know.\" She paused, looking for something else to say. \"Walter would have been pleased, at your loyalty.\" \"I didn't come back for Walter.\" \"Well, for the bargain you struck, at least.\" She felt awkward, her mouth dry. \"What I'm trying to say is, I'm glad you came back. For whatever reason.\" \"I came back for you.\" The words shook her. She didn't dare to hope that they meant something more than simple courtesy or chivalrous intent. \"That is kind of you to say.\" \"Marion, listen to me.\" He halved the distance between them. \"I came back for you . I would have killed each and every one of them, to get to you.\" She tried to turn away, to hide her face, but he had reached for her, his broad hand clasping her hair and neck. She didn't move. She couldn't. It was as if she was made of glass, and might shatter into a thousand pieces. His eyes, hard and green, had fixed upon her, like a man raked with thirst. No man had ever looked at her that way. Her heart leapt with both joy and terror. \"Sir…I…\" she began to protest. His thumb grazed lightly over her lips, stopping up the words that were tumbling out. \"Shhhh,\" he whispered, as if to a startled animal. Something within her broke, purely from the tidal force of emotion washing over her heart. She moved instinctually towards him – without thought or plan, without consideration for propriety or stricture – meeting his mouth with hers, and finding something she knew to be true and right. As they kissed, it was if she had discovered something she had never even known was lost, some part of herself that she had secreted away and forgotten. He held her tightly against him, she grasping at his collar, his hair. They beat and battered against each others' defenses, trying only to hold fast against the deluge that meant to engulf them entirely. She knew at once that the troubadours' poems, the courtly songs, the tales she had heard as young girl, were all lies. At best, they were simply play-actors' shadows. No one could describe such a feeling, not with words. \"Where have you come from, Robin Longstride?\" she whispered against his lips. \"Does it truly matter?\" \"No.\" She opened her eyes to take her fill of him. \"Not as long as you stay.\" \"I swear it.\" He kissed her lower lip delicately. \"I mean to be your champion, milady. If you will have me.\" \"And I will be yours, milord. We shall fight against all comers.\" He grinned at her, a rare occurrence. It was as if the sun had come out. \"An unorthodox pairing, I'm sure. And perhaps not what Sir Walter had in mind when he bargained you for me.\" Their faces turned to where Walter lay. She was ashamed for almost having forgotten he was there, silently waiting to be laid to rest. \"Come, my lady.\" He grasped her hand, kissing the back of it fiercely. \"Let us show our duty to Sir Walter. And thank God for giving a blind man the ability to see what no one else in this wide world could have imagined.\" She smiled. \"Summon your men-at-arms, then. I will finish here.\" As he left the chapel, his presence still somehow filling the space, Marion leaned down to Walter. She kissed him on the forehead, as a daughter would. \"Thank you, Walter. For everything.\" ","Summary":" The winding sheet went three times round the body. Marion would have asked for help from one of the"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"Simply Connected?","Author":"brantini","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8366425","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I might start a story based on this. Still pondering! The more reviews, the greater chance i start this story. I hope you like it! PLEASE REVIEW! THANKS Disclaimer: dont own ittt :) \"Good evening milady,\" Godfrey said quietly with his low voice, giving the girl a comforting smile as she slowly looked up at him hight above ground, mounted, \"where might you be heading to?\" Vesper Blackwoods stared at him for a little while and snorted quietly, \"It's none of your business Sir Godfrey.\" \"Perhaps one simple word of advice?\" Godfrey asked and chuckled in his throat as he smiled and received Vesper's feracious stare. \"There is nothing to advice about Godfrey,\" she said angerily intentionally leaving out his title, she hardened her stare as Godfrey swung down from his horse to stand beside her. She continued quickly as she realized Godfrey was going to say something, \"don't try to persuade me or anything Sir Godfrey. There really isnt anything to talk about. One simply cannot treat one's people like that, as a monarch, the king should put the people's welfare above all else. King Henry cannot do that, it's wrong. That is not how you rule a country.\" She finished with a clear statement, and without looking at Godfrey, she continued walking. Godfrey followed and kept his pace to walking alongside Vesper while holding his horse's rein in his left hand. \"I may just suprise you Lady Vesper.\" said Godfrey with a silky voice as Vesper turned to look at him with a hint of curiosity. Her curiosity never fails, Godfrey thought and smiled to himself, \"I agree with your view, milady, but regardless of what is right, what King Henry says is our order, what the king think is right, we believe, because we are his people.\" Godfrey said softly and patiently, and as Vesper drew in a breath to diffute, he heldout his right hand to halt her and continued, \"what you can do now is to go to King Henry and tell him exactly what you just told me, tell him what you think and you may just pursuade him. He will tolerate you giving your thoughts, so dont you worry, because I know for a fact that he will tolerate no one but you Lady Vesper. And I am sure King Henry will be wise enough to take your point, and if not, I am sure that his Queen will.\" Godfrey explained smoothly with his soothing voice, calming Vesper as she felt the boiling rage inside her reside. \"You think so?\" She let out a quiet question and looked at Godfrey with a naive and curious expression. He gave her an encouraging warm smile and nodded. \"Yes I think so milady, with years of experience alongside King Henry as his Chancellor and Baron of Arms, I can very confidently say that we are very fortunate to have a wise King and a rational Queen.\" Godfrey finished and they both came to a halt, \"So might I ask again Lady Vesper, where is your excellency headed to?\" He asked smiled as Vesper took a step towards him. \"In the appreciation of your wise advise, Sir Godfrey, I am headed towards the rivers just outside those city doors.\" She said softly and pointed towards the pair of heavy doors. Glancing at where her finger was pointing at, Godfrey easily mounted his horse in one fluent swing. His horse stomped harshly on the paved road as Godfrey tightened his grip on the reins to settle it. Vesper smiled and bowed respectfully at Godfrey, \"I wish you good day, thank you for your wise advice Sir Godrrey. Farewell milord.\" Shaking his head just so slightly without Vesper noticing, Godfrey gripped the rein with his left hand and smoothly extended his right hand out towards Vesper. As a quick flash of surprise swept pass Vesper's beautiful face, she grinned and shook her head gently, \"It's very kind of you Sir Godfrey, to offer me such an delightful ride. But I think I will steal no more of your precious time sir. Walking on foot will suit me, after all, if I did need a ride, I would of taken my horse along sir.\" \"Would you?\" Godfrey questioned with a hint of sarcasm, at the sight of Vesper's confused features, he continued, \"as i recall, milady, you rushed out of court with immense rage and perhaps, just perhaps, that you forgot to being him along?\" Wearing a wide grinn and widening it as Godfrey explained, Vesper chuckled and blushed in embarassment of her childish behavior in court, she nodded her head slightly, \"Well, in that case, thank you for your concern milord, but I'd rather walk than share a ride with you.\" She expressed with great joviality and playfulness as both of them laughed. \"I see now why Prince Richard and Prince John enjoy so much of your company, Lady Vesper.\" Godfrey admired, \"I would of too milady.\" \"I like yours too sir, always like a charming face, humorous chat, and perhaps some wise words milord.\" Vesper smiled, she really did enjoy Sir Godfrey's company, \"Perhaps I shall request your presence whenever you have time sir.\" \"Surely I will be honoured milady. I look forward to them.\" Godfrey said excitedly and gave her one of his extremely rare grinns. \"and still,\" holding out his right hand again, \"come, milady, I shall not let a lady walk, expecially not you, my lovely Lady Vesper.\" Godfrey held out his hand steadily and patiently as Vesper hesitated for a moment, then with a slight nod and a smile, she said, \"Thank you sir.\" Vesper gracefully rose her elegant hand to accept his offer. Smiling to himself, Godfrey enveloped her beautiful hand in his fist and hauled her up onto the saddle in front if him as though she weighted nothing. Delighted in the situation, Godfrey smiled outwardly for he couldn't control himself, winding his arms around her frame to grip the reins, he nudged his horse gently, urging it to a slow walk. Her body heat felt especially pleasant on a cold day like this, he enjoyed having her upclose like this, but at the same time dreaded it. Godfrey secretly prayed that she wouldnt feel his heart pounding in his chest, in fact, his heart was pounding so hard that he was sure it would jump out anytime. Using all the strength hes got, he forced himself to calm down just so slightly. They came to a smooth halt in front of the city doors, and just before Godfrey could command the door keepers to open the door, Vesper smiled, \"Good afternoon Alfred! How are you today?\" she said cheerfully to the leading door keeper. They shook hands informally and playfully and laughed. Truth be told, Godfrey was not too happy at their greetings, he scorned the fact that the nobody-door-keeper interacted with a lady at Vesper's status with such informality and what seems like disrespect. If it was anyone else, Godfrey would of already pulled out his sword, command the door keeper to apologize, and perhaps behead him immedieatly. But this was a different situation, he didnt want to alarm and scare Vesper, he especially didnt want to make her dread his presence, for Godfrey knew, through their interactions, that the head door keeper was Vesper's friend. And on that note, Godfrey kept silent and watched. \"I am doing great! No passenger has passed through these doors today. Easy day. Hoping that I can get off easily too and join my brother on a special day like today.\" Alfred the door keeper said with great joviality. Godfrey noted immedieatly that the door keeper did not adress Vesper by her title anywhere in his sentence, and it raged him. He also noted that this Alfred the door keeper had a dashing smile and a set of handsome features, tall and slim as he is, he would of been seen as a fine gentleman if he wasnt suited in the door keeper's uniform. Turning politely towards Vesper's company, the dashing mounted horseman, Alfred bowed repectfully, \"Milord.\" Godfrey looked at him harshly and noded softly. \"This is Sir Godfrey, Alfred. He's a friend.\" Vesper introduced, \"A funny gentleman he is.\" She said with a hint of sarcasm and playfulness that only Godfrey noticed. \"It is truly an honor to be in your presence Marquess Godfrey of Winchester.\" Alfred said with a certain amazement and bowed deeply again. \"And so the honor is yours.\" Godfrey said, he meant it to be harsh and slughtly humiliating, an expression that both Vesper and the door keeper didnt seem to catch. \"Funny man I told you,\" Vesper smiled and gave Godfrey a quick glance that he didnt quite understand. \"Anyways,\" she said slightly louder, \"a special day today is it?\" \"It sure is Blackwoods!\" And there it is again, Alfred's handsome grinn. \"As I recall Alfred, today is your brother's birthday isnt it?\" Vesper expressed excitedly. \"Well yes it is!\" Alfred laughed in amusement, \"you remember!\" \"Of course I remember!\" she smiled, \"I even sent him a gift! He probably hasnt got it yet. My delivery man is taking things at a slower pace these days, not sure why.\" \"Oh thank you so much Blackwoods! You really didnt have to.\" \"I wanted to.\" She smiled and gestured at the doors. \"Perhaps you can let us pass?\" \"I'm afraid not today Blackwoods.\" Alfred said with an apologetic expression, \"the King gave orders not to let anyone pass today. Easy day I told you.\" \"Perhaps just a few hours?\" Vesper asked. \"I'm afraid I'd like to get home to join my brother tonight. Im really sorry.\" \"Just one tiny short hour?\" She asked again, and with the hesitation and concern on Alfred's face, Godfrey could bare it no more. \"Just a couple of hours.\" Godfrey said with certainty, \"as the Baron of Arms of London and York, I, Sir Godfrey command you to open these gates.\" He commanded with power and strength, \"if any consequences are to come to you, tell them that I, Sir Godfrey, Marquess of Winchester and the Chancellor of England commanded you at once and tell them to come to me instead, Alfred the door keeper.\" Alfred, in slight shock of Godfrey's iron voice stood still for a second and quickly bowed. \"Yes your excellency, as you command.\" And with that, Alfred quickly waved at the other door keepers and ordered them to open the gates. In seconds, the door was pushed open in what seem like an easy task. \"Thank you Alfred, we wont be too long.\" Vesper smiled apologetically, \"like Sir Godfrey said, if anyone comes to you with this, tell them to come to us.\" \"Dont worry Blackwoods, it's alright!\" Alfred smiled worry-less and gestured at the rivers outside, \"be careful, if anything happens, or if you need anything, like usual, just call out and we will be there in no-time.\" \"Thanks.\" Vesper smiled again and glanced back at Godfrey. \"Dont worry,\" Godfrey said apathetically to Alfred, \"she's safe with me. Just make sure you wait 'till we get back.\" \"Certainly milord.\" Alfred bowed again. Godfrey gently urged his horse forward again towards the opening, took a left, and slowly walked his horse down along the river bank. They rode in silence for a few minutes, then Vesper placed her left hand on Godfrey's which was holding the reins and pressed gently, \"here will do sir.\" she turned slightly so she can see Godfrey and smiled. \"As you wish milady.\" Godfrey said and dismounted, still holding the reins in his right hand, he landed hard on the soil beneath. Leading the horse to the tree on the side, he tied the reins and held out his left hand towards Vesper, offering her the support to dismount. She elegantly took his hand and in a swift movement, he rose his right hand to her waist and lifted her effortlessly down to level. With his unexpected move, Vesper gasped and lost her step as her feet gently touched the ground, and with that, Godfrey quickly and fluently got hold of her waist with both of his arms and puller her towrds him to keep her from falling. Close against Godfrey's chest, Vesper felt his heart pounding, she wasnt sure if that was just her imagination, but whatever it was, she found herself enjoying Godfrey's embrace. \"Sorry!\" Quickly realizing the unacceptable situation, she quickly took a small step beackwards, breaking the physical contact, \"lost my step.\" she murmured in embarassment and looked down at her shoes, not realizing that she was blushing. \"The fault is mine, milady.\" Said Godfrey, who was still dwelling on the close contact they had. still placing his right arm around Vesper's waist, he pulled her closer and smiled, \"are you alright?\" \"Yes, yes I am fine sir. Thank you.\" surprised at Godfrey's move, she let herself be pulled closer towards him and smiled nervously. They looked at each other for a few minutes and both smiled in the awkwardness of the situation. They broke their contact completely as Vesper started to walk down along the river bank. \"Stay here boy.\" Godfrey said into his hourse's ear, lowering his voice. Then the hourse moved his head in a motion that seem like a nod, as if it understood what his master had told him. Godfrey gave it a slight smile and patted its neck before catching up with Vesper. \"It's beautiful here.\" He said in amusement, \"countless of times I've passed here, and never, not even once, have I noticed its beauty.\" \"Had I not befriend Alfred, I would of never noticed its beauty like most people.\" She looked at him and smiled, \"It's very kind of you Sir Godfrey, to escort me here. This will do, really. I'm sure you've got loads to do other than walk me about this river.\" she said politely and turned to face him completely, \"Thank you milord. I think here is where we part today. It's really been a pleasure.\" \"Unless my presence had disturbed you milady.\" \"Certainly not Sir Godfrey. Your company had delighted me more than you know.\" Vesper responded without hesitation. \"Milady, I couldnt think of anything better to do than to walk a fascinating lady like yourself and enjoy her playful presence.\" And again without hesitation, Vesper smiled and took a step forward towards Godfrey. \"I am flattered sir.\" She said with a hint of sarcasm, \"is that a signature line to please the ladies you meet? Because that is a rather exquisite saying.\" she finished with a dose of sarcasm. Smiling to himself, Godfrey gently took her left hand. \"I do have a signature line milady, a line discussed, chosen, and practiced with Prince John.\" He said humorously, and Vesper laughed. \"Ah yes, Prince John the Lady Killer.\" She managed to say between the laughs exchanged from the herself and Godfrey. \"Yes milady, the Lionheart and the Lady Killer. We do certainly have a strong and joyous royal family dont we?\" Godfrey said as they both reside their laughter, \"but then again milady, I meant every word that I said. And that, to be most honest, was certainly a lot better than my signature line.\" His heart increased its pace slightly as Vesper's emerland green eyes tuned into his, \"I meant it Lady Vesper.\" \"Would you care to join me, Sir Godfrey?\" After a few seconds of silence and friendly staring, she finally managed to say. \"It would be my honor milady.\" Godfrey responded with relieve and held out his right hand as an invitation. Taking his hand, Vesper unconsciously held his hand with a little force, as he responded and wrapped her hand gently and firmly in his stong hand. They slowly walked down along the side and enjoyed the freah air and each other's compnay silently for a while. \"I like to come here often, especially when things are on my mind.\" she said, staring into the water ahead, \"it gives me more strength to think. And perhaps think of a resolution or repent at times.\" she smiled, more to herself than anything, \"it's really great here. It's amazing how it's so close to London and yet to far away; just through a pair of gates, and you are completely away from all the crwodedness, the people, the worries, the status, the responsibility, the king, the queen, the lords, the nobilities, and all the good and evil side of things that we the nobilities see everyday.\" she said heavily, looking far ahead at nothing in particular. \"Responsibilities milady?\" Godfrey asked quietly. She smiled, glanced at him for a moment and went back to staring. \"You must think me foolish Sir Godfrey, for a young girl like myself to understnad responsibility and to have responsibility.\" she blinked several times mindlessly before going on, \"you are right, Sir Godfrey, to think that way. I dont have a given responsibility, because I dont have a purpose to this country yet, i dont serve anyone seriously yet, I am not responsible to anyone but my friends yet, and I certainly dont hold a noble house and its province yet. My responsibilities are more born with than given to.\" confused by her words, Godfrey looked at her with questioning glances and waited for her explaination in silence. \"I mean,\" she went on, \"my responsibilities are more to the loved ones and the people that look up to me sir. My father expected me to be strong and learn as much as I can so I will grow to hold his office and become the dutchess of the House of Blackwoods and not fail our ancestors and the ones depending on us. My mother wanted me to be a lady and learn to be a lady and be safe. The king wants to me take my father's place when he retires and be the Lord High Steward and the Chamberlain, and I also know that the King wishes me to marry into the royal family. And at the same time, many people wanted to see me fail, and it seemed like they will enjoy that moment when my time comes.\" \"That's utterly nonesense milady. You certainly will not fail. You have stronger ability and more determination than you think. From what I've seen, and I have just met you quite recently, you have already expressed power and strength that many people currently holding office in the government cannot match. You are born with your outstanding abilities milady, you must'nt be influenced by the unworthy.\" Godfrey said with persistence. \"Thank you sir. I only wish that you are right.\" Vesper smiled in admireation. \"Im always right milady.\" said Godfrey with a certain joviality, and they smiled. \"So why is it that you came to love this place after befriending the door keeper?\" \"Sir, he's name is Alfred,\" Vesper smiled, \"I realized that you did not like the impression that he gave you Sir Godfrey.\" \"Perhaps just a bit too informal?\" Godfrey admitted, \"a friend or not, he is just a door keeper whereas you are Lady Vesper of House Blackwoods and of Devonshire after all.\" \"He's true background may just suprise you sir.\" Vesper smiled, not minding the criticism Godfrey said about her friend, \"he is the son of the former Marquess of Sailsbury. Alfred Gascoyne-Cecil.\" \"Is he now?\" Godfrey said in a cruious voice. \"The marquess that was robbed by those infurious bastards? Please excuese my language milady.\" \"I dont mind sir, they are bastards that should be condemned. And yes they are. I will one day dis-nobilize those bastards and give it back to the Gascoyne-Cecils.\" \"yes, as a matter of fact, I am working on that now. It's truely a shame that I failed to recognize his son at the gate.\" \"Don't worry about it Sir Godfrey. He wouldn't mind. Nobles don't usually recognize each other without their dresses or family crest anyways.\" Vesper smiled, \"he wouldn't mind.\" Whatever Vesper said, Godfrey still felt uneasy. He had been trying to workout a effective way to discharge the current lords in Salisbury, the Efforntson family, had stole the Marquess title from the Gascoyne-Cecil family when they were out in a war againt the Germans. They had, with great brutality, slaughtered the sheriff and councils in Salisbury in order to title themselves. London had been trying to dismiss them but had yet to figure out how. The Efforntdon family own a considerably large mobilized army, and if the crown forced them to give up their stolen title, he was sure to rise against the King and his divine power. A rather peaceful and calculating way then, Godfrey once said, and he has yet to come up with one. They came to a stop and mindlessly, Vesper sat down on the grass looking up at the cloudless sky. Pausing for a moment, Godfrey also sat down casually beside Vesper, shoulder to shoulder, feeling small waves of her body heat. \"We grew up together,\" Vesper went on, seeing Godfrey's silence, \"or so it seems.\" She laughed softly. Despite the grinn on her face, Godfrey noticed that there weren't any trace of laughter in her emerland green eyes. \"We see each other once in a while, our fathers were young men together you see. The last time I saw him noble and truely happy was just before he and his family went on the war.\" Vesper said with sadness in her eyes, though she kept her smile. \"After that damn family took their place, Alfred kept contact with me through mail, and he would always tell me all is well. I never knew what happened because I wasn't in court then, and he never told me because he didn't want to worry me.\" Her eyes softened as she remembered those days, \"I almost didn't recognize him when I passed through those gates one day, on my way to York. I could hardly believe my eyes.\" She sped her sentence, shaking as she went through that moment again. \"He even tried to lie to me, he said that he simply wanted to gain more experiene to understand the people before taking a step closer to his father's place. Then I went to Richard and John, and they told me what happened. Since then, Alfred and I would always walk around this river bank. As the leading door keeper, he needs to patrol here too.\" \"So you come here often.\" Godfrey said quietly in a more questioning tone than making a statement. \"Yeah. It's easier to pass. Knowing the head keeper lets you off the hook more often, like today, no one would of let us pass if it weren't for him.\" She smirked slightly. They sat in silence for another hour. It's a rather new feeling that Vesper was experiencing, she felt completly at ease around Godfrey, despite the fact that they've only met once in a private outing hosted by the royal family. To Vesper, Godfrey was a wise man, full of advice, and yet, not dry and lecturous like most people. He was humorous and unexpectedly caring. Accidently touching Vesper's hand when he sat straight, Godfrey noticed the coldness of her hand, so he silently took of his dark blue cloak and placed it around Vesper's shoulders. \"Er. I'm okay.\" Surprised at Godfrey's sudden move, Vesper said uncertainly. \"You are as cold as ice milady.\" Godfrey said gently with a worried expression. Realizing that she was actually freezing, she nodded and smiled, pulling the cloak tighter around her shoulders. \"It's getting quite late sir. And I believe you have a dinner meeting to attend with the King.\" Vesper said softly, \"we should get going, you need to change into your robes.\" They both grinned. Godfrey stood up and held out a hand to Vesper, she took it silently and they walked back to his horse. Assisting Vesper effortless onto the horse, they slowly torted their way back. But instead of Alfred and his band of door keepers, a rather young blond boy opened the door, an apprentice boy, judging from his suit, he opened the door with great effort, taking him a few more moments than it usually would. \"Where's Alfred?\" Confused by the situation, Vesper asked, \"I thought Sir Godfrey told him to wait for us.\" \"Answering Lady Vesper and Sir Godfrey, Mr. Gascoyne-Cecil had been called, as well as his entire crew. Except for me milady, milord. I've been left here to answer the door for you.\" The apprentice boy said politely. \"Called by who?\" Godfrey said with his thundering voice with power. \"I am not quite sure milord.\" The boy said slightly frightened, \"the Sheriff's message man came with the words. Perhaps by the king?\" Both Vesper and Godfrey remained silent, her mind racing. \"If there aren't any more requests, I'd like to answer Sheriff's call also.\" The apprentice boy bowed deeply and remained his position. \"Dismissed.\" Godfrey said coldly. \"Thank you milord.\" The boy straightened himself, \"Thank you milady.\" Vesper smiled at the boy, caught by surprise, the boy paused for a split second then a grinn broke out on his face. \"I guess I can't get dressed yet.\" Godfrey said thoutfully and troted towards the castle. They came to a smooth halt and dismounted. Seeing Vesper without the urge to leave, Godfrey smiled, \"you needn't accompany me milady. I can handel the king.\" \"It's alright Sir Godfrey,\" Vesper smiled and held onto his sleeve, \"I was the one who insisted to go, I'll see what King Henry has to say.\" They both smiled and quickly walked down the hall, following the apprentice boy from a distance. so? How'd you think of it? PLEASE REVIEW! ","Summary":" I might start a story based on this. Still pondering! The more reviews, the greater chance i start "},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"Birdsong","Author":"Elliott Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6035745","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Birdsong Author: Elliott Silver \"Tell me about her.\" Walter raised his eyebrows, his withered fingers curling possessively around his flagon. \"Your wife, you mean.\" \"Yes, my wife.\" The word was strange and marvelous on his tongue. Alan was playing a lively tune, something he hadn't heard before, and the village farmers wove before them in cadence. \"She was young when she came here, very young. She didn't know a plough from a pitchfork. But with Robert gone away, she learned. And then - time passed. Much time. She grew.\" Dancers whirled in front of them, clamoring in the light of the bonfire to Alan's music. \"She had a laugh like birds in song then,\" Walter said and shifted in his seat stiffly, or perhaps with guilt. \"Now all we hear are carrion crows, from London.\" Walter's voice had gone dark, held ten years' of darkness, of not-said things, of now never-forgiveness for a son he could not see again. \"Robert wanted to capture that, I suppose, bring it home.\" He took a long drink from the pewter mug of mead. \"Wouldn't you?\" \"No,\" he answered and Walter waited for him to continue. \"Birds are like arrows, they should always fly free, otherwise they cannot find home.\" Birds and arrows, precarious, fragile things that took flight, dangerous things no less beautiful for being deadly. Had he learned anything, any virtues, any patience as an archer? He looked out over the night and hoped so. Across the fire, the yellow-orange flames licking at the dark sky, he saw her, an outline against the night, burning. \"She did not love my son,\" Walter said, and his voice was not unkind. \"I know that. But she had no other choice, as she does not now.\" \"We always have a choice,\" he answered, not in comfort but in hope. The crowd swirled, giddy and light, around them, a last rousing chorus before Alan moved into a slower song. Marion came towards him, her movements throwing shadows against the bright fire as she offered her hand to him. Her dress was the color of heartwood, the color of corn in the sack, of wheat stalks in the field, the color of sap rising in his veins. He rose and met her, moving with her. He didn't know much about women. He thought about dark skin, the cool salve and shade of the women he'd known underneath curled crescents and a searing Palestine sky, women with names like the wind who'd made him forget, for a time, about the blood splashed on his skin. And he remembered the blonde girl from Barnstaple, the one he'd kissed under the flowering apple tree that spring, fumbling and frantic. He remembered how he'd felt then, and this wasn't it. There was no nervous flutter, no upturning of his insides, like he was at war. There was only this, only her, all steady, all calm and certain, the way he'd finally learned to draw arrows, to wait, to hold a breath, to hope, to pray. He had come here, to Nottingham, to Pepperharrow, when the earth was cold, when the bluebells and wood anemones had yet to bloom in the shade of the forests. Now the apples were turning red on knotty branches, and the evenings snapped with Lammas chill. It seemed shorter than a breath, a beat of his heart. Others had joined the dance around them, and he felt the gaze of so many people on them, but her hair was long and warm under his fingers, the combed wool of her dress smooth like a river. He'd come here worn bare, ragged but in a knight's clothing, empty except for the crushing weight of chainmail. She'd taken that all away. \"Tell me about Robin Longstride.\" She moved around him, and he followed her motions as Alan played on. He told her about the sand and sun, the bright burn of Palestine and the shade of crescents in the Holy Land. He took her about the travels of the army, the monotony of camp life, the smell of burning oil and death that never left his clothes, the mud and blood that tanned them, stained them. He told her about sieges, so many he lost count, about water so dark and long you could sleep across it, about other worlds of silk and spice. And he told her about the hive of Pepperharrow, that greenwood haven where he'd come, where the sprouting grains had been the color of his dreams, a place of hearth and home where hope had been that storm-violet of her eyes. When he reached up, her hand met his, and her fingers slipped through all his empty spaces, those long fingers that curled around both sword and plough evenly, the fingers that held reins, guided Goliath's lumbering steps, checked impatience, held this man to her. He could feel her breath against his face as they moved together. But then Alan changed tune, rousing and raucous, and a cheer went up from the crowd as a rollicking line of dancers crashed between them. She stepped back, a smile curling up on her lovely face. A whirling hand pulled him into the dance and Walter called her away, rising to go into the manorhouse. The last carousers had disappeared and Tuck himself rumbled into a long sleep when he found her again, sitting alone and still by the dying embers of the bonfire. \"Tell me about Robert Loxsley,\" he asked. \"Robert was a good man, I think, but I never really knew him.\" \"Do you wish you had chosen otherwise?\" There was a moment while she considered, though she never hesitated in her response. \"No, I was needed here.\" He wondered if it was as simple as that, if it could be. \"Would you have chosen otherwise?\" she asked. \"I go where God sends me,\" he answered. \"Are you pleased by His choices?\" He thought about the massacre of Acre, the girl's face. Then he looked up into hers. God took away his godlessness. \"Yes.\" He answered. \"Are you pleased He brought you here?\" \"No,\" he answered. \"I'm humbled that He brought me to you.\" \"Me?\" she asked with a start. \"You are a gift beyond all measure,\" he answered her, the shortness of the breath in his lungs emphasizing his words as he spoke. \"A gift beyond all measure of my grace.\" She had birds in her veins, he was sure, as she choose her path, as she took his hand in hers and rose, leading him into the darkened rooms of the manor. Bluebirds, he was sure, like the color of her eyes, the color of the veins against her wrist, where blood flowed to her heart, where her pulse was like a tremor of wings. This time she didn't let go, not even when they both stood before the bed in her – their –chambers, not even when her mouth met his and he closed his eyes and let belief, pure and undiminished, wash over him. She tasted like barley, like earth and rain, sharp as his want for her had been when she'd glanced back at him that first night, taking in his naked flesh after stripping away all his armor, now soft and slow and unhurried in her journey of his soul, the choice of her path crossing with his, twining around each other until he could no longer tell where one started and the other left off, until they were whole, until he whispered to her and she laughed, high and clear and lasting as birdsong. ","Summary":" Title: Birdsong Author: Elliott Silver \"Tell me about her.\" Walter raised his eyebrows, his withe"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"Penance","Author":"Mirai no Kibou","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6458896","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yeah, I'm finally back on Fanfiction. This is actually an assignment for my English class, where we have to rewrite a well known story whilst incorporating different genres (could even twist the time period, etc if we wanted). As you can tell from the category, this story is for Robin Hood (I recently watched the 2010 Robin Hood with Russell Crowe), but see if you are able to guess what it is just from reading the story. To the readers of Canis Lupus : I am so sorry I haven't got around to posting the latest chapter yet, it's been driving me crazy as to my repeatedly changing writing styles. However, I have not given up on it. I have most of the chapter written out, it's just how it's written that drives me crazy. Note: Because this is alternate reality, the characters' personalities will be drastically altered. Read no further if you don't like any OOC characters. Well, without further ado, I present to you - Penance The day that man's wife was killed, their organization, the daily front page of the local newspaper, dissolved. He retreated into the shadows of society, speaking not a word of what he endeavored to achieve nor how. He remained in hiding, undiscovered for a decade. My friend Robert, I refuse to let you wither in your solitude for any longer. I am coming to visit. As I pen this, I am en route to your residence. Do not pack your bags and leave. Allow me to feel comfort as an old friend as I arrive on a doorstep worn through your many years of inhabitance. -Tuck The man hunched over a slip of paper chuckled quietly, the sound of his long unused vocal chords sounding foreign even to his own ears. As he furled the paper, intent on keeping it, the doorbell rang, its electronic jingle echoing shrilly through the mostly deserted house. He remained seated in the ensuing vibrating silence for a few moments, staring pointedly at the curled paper on his desk. Then the doorbell rang again, reminding him. He reached for his walking stick, leaning against the mahogany shelves of his study and slowly stood. He grasped the handle of the main door, pondering. \"Robert, you bastard! Open the goddamn door already!\" The door creaked under the force of the visitor's thumping. Even such an idle threat would have sent the normal homeowner scurrying away. But not Robert. He shook his head, amused, and finally opened the door, sending the boisterous visitor tumbling through the corridor. It took a heavy impact with the wall at the end of the hallway to stop the man's stumbling. The guest rounded on him as he approached. \"Christ! Why can't you just greet me like any ordinary friend after ten years? Not even a 'Tuck, good to see you' or maybe, 'wow Tuck, you've lost weight'?\" \"We're far from ordinary.\" Robert replied simply, smiling lopsidedly. \"Hello, Tucker.\" Tuck scrutinized Robert for a moment. He suddenly looked much older than his years, the light of the flickering candles illuminating the crevices of every wrinkle. He seemed considerably relaxed as compared to the last time they met, yet held a look of a man who seemed… jaded, somehow. \"You look like hell.\" He commented offhandedly. \"Time does that to a man.\" Robert leant on his good leg. \"So, you have found me. What next, Tucker?\" \"I need your help.\" Tuck shrugged off his dark coat and hung it. \"With…?\" Tuck removed the white bowl hat from his head and twirled it in his hands. \"A job.\" The hat joined the coat on the stand. \"Details later. Bath and a change of clothes, and preferably a warm cup of coffee first.\" \"I haven't given my assent, Tucker.\" Robert frowned. \"Look, if you aren't going to help, fine. But you sure as hell owe me something for making me stand out in that murderous weather!\" His old friend merely responded with quiet peals of long unheard laughter. Who's Robert? Who's Tuck? :) I liked the movie. What do you think? -Mirai no Kibou Note: A poll regarding my updates will soon be posted. ","Summary":" Yeah, I'm finally back on Fanfiction. This is actually an assignment for my English class, where we"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"Don't Be Late","Author":"TheFishIsBack","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6845907","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first fanfic on here, so I don't know how this will go over. I love Little John so much and always have, even before I saw the movies. He was always pretty awesome in the stories. I always thought he would be the kind to just want to get admitting his love out of the way, so here it is! Please enjoy! This takes place towards the end of the movie while Marian and Robin are saying their goodbyes right after Godfrey tried to destroy Nottingham. Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Robin Hood or the original tale (although that would be pretty damn awesome). I do own Sera, so do not steal under penalty of water boarding. . . \"John! John, you're not leaving me here!\" growled Sera, narrowing her eyes to demonstrate her conviction. The man merely ignored her and continued readying his horse, tightening the saddle and packing the saddle bags with some essentials. The blonde angrily seized his arm, gaining his attention. He released an exasperated sigh before rotating to fully face her. \"You're not going and that's that,\" he stated in his Scottish accent. \"I can't take the risk of you getting hurt out there.\" Sera's jaw slackened in shock at these words. When she regained her composure, she snapped, \"I've been in war before, John, and you know that! I can fight just as well as any man!\" \"But you were still weak enough to tell me you were a woman disguised as a man,\" he laughed, a smug grin stretching across his lips. The woman threw her hands into the air and screamed once to release her frustration at his stubbornness. \"That's because I trusted you,\" she spoke carefully, trying to soothe the roaring beast welling up inside her chest. \"And I don't know what that has to do with anything. Please, John, I belong in that battle.\" Sera's earnest expression caused him to cease his laughter, for it broke his heart into minuscule shards. He wanted to let her do as she wished, but his concern for her well-being outweighed his desire to please her at that particular moment. Oh, how Little John longed to envelop her in his arms and shield her from the war, from the danger. Her stubborn pride prevented him from doing so, though. He admired her taste for adrenaline, for life, but at times he only wanted to lock her away for her own safety. He loved her more than his axe, his pride, and his life, yet her own pride prevented her from realizing that. \"John, answer me!\" Sera cried, inching closer to his muscular build and touching her calloused fingertips to his biceps. Little John lowered his gaze to meet hers and for once, he thought she understood. The taken aback expression in her eyes led him to this conclusion, and rightfully so. The vulnerability he showed right then surprised her, and her brain began connecting the broken chain links. The completed chain hooked Sera to a truth she mentally scolded herself for missing. \"John. . . .\" she murmured, suddenly unsure of herself. Finally deciding he'd had enough of this stalling, Little John lifted Sera's chin and met her lips with his. Her grip on his biceps tightened considerably as she shifted onto her tiptoes to deepen the initially-soft kiss. Her motion infused a sense of urgency into the act of affection, and John couldn't help but wrap his robust arms about Sera's waist. John abruptly broke away to stare into the blonde's eyes. \"I love you too much.\" Sera smiled gently and pressed her forehead into his chest. \"You could never love me too much,\" came her muffled response. She lifted her head again. \"Because I will always love you more.\" \"Then I guess we've reached an understanding,\" Little John bellowed, adopting a more chipper tone. \"You stay here while I go off to battle!\" And with those final words, he launched himself onto his horse's back and slipped his feet into the stirrups. Sera raced to the horse's side and grasped the fabric of his shirt. \"I don't think so!\" He chuckled before leaning down and pressing another kiss to her lips. \"I've already told you I love you; you can't expect much more of a reason for you not to go to battle with the French.\" \"John!\" she groaned, lips still tingling from the kiss. \"Please?\" The easy smile that came to John's face led her to believe he may at last allow her to go, but his last whisper to her strangled that idea. \"No.\" And he left his love standing at that spot beside a field of sprouting grain, hands curled into fists and face burgundy from fury and embarrassment. Marian approached Sera and immediately took notice of her red face. \"I'm guessing he finally told you. Am I right?\" she stated plainly, watching the men race off across the grass upon their horses, off to a battle where no one could predict the outcome. Sera smiled shyly and hung her head. \"Yes, he did.\" \"Well?\" Marian prodded expectantly. Her eyes expressed a great interest in the affair. \" Well , I think you should mind your own business and gather your little group of forest boys, because we have a battle to fight,\" Sera declared, smirking at her closest female friend. \"John thinks he can keep me away, but I have other ideas.\" Marian laughed then returned to the village and waiting young boys. They had a war with France to attend to, and none of them desired to be late. . . Hope you liked it! I just had to get it out of my system before I exploded. I might write a full chapter fanfic with Sera, so if you would like that, please tell me! ","Summary":" This is my first fanfic on here, so I don't know how this will go over. I love Little John so much "},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"The Commander of Sherwood's Soldiers","Author":"SilverWolf338","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8936025","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Loop. That was what they called me. Loop, such a childish name, but it couldn't be helped. They needed me, as we brave through the seasons by living off the land, and the villagers. All of us, we needed to be able to control something, this I recognized, as well as how we would do it. They became the soldiers of Sherwood. And I? I became their Captain. Lady Marion was our first close call, the lady could shoot, was what he told me. He, being Wolf, the boy with the face of the beast, he was my commander of the littler ones. The ones who hid their faces with masks. They were the best for raiding the town. It is an unfortunate task, but we must do it to survive. They actually managed to pick up some money from four travelers in the woods. I am proud of my soldiers. However, I fear for them. One of them began coughing, and when one begins, more will succumb. We need to conduct more raids, but I am fearful for our lives, we will soon get caught if we begin to raid the village on a more regular basis. We will have to harvest from the forest the best that we can. She may have been our first close call, but she soon became our secret keeper. I almost wanted to curse Wolf for leading her to us, but after the boy explained the circumstances, I understood. To bring her here, would be groundbreaking, she could go back to the village and tell them all of where our hide out is. It was risky, but it would have been worse if she brought the boys back with her. The lady, turned out to be a godsend, without her, at least two of the boys would have died, and more, deserted. She helped us regain our health, and even brought back some food for us, so that we could eat more nutritious meals, or so she said. Lady Marion became the mother that the littler ones needed, that we needed. She became the adult that we could trust. Her husband recently joined Lady Marion in helping us. Of course, Wolf and the others thought that he was a spy, I was proud of my soldiers. Until he told us otherwise. He said that we were poachers! The nerve of him. That we were thieves! Of course, he had a point, but I wasn't going to let the boys know. He said that he would teach us how to tie knots, which trees to use for strength and how to make arrows fly for more than 20 feet. It was an amazing opportunity, actually. For a war-hardened soldier, a lot like our fathers who weren't coming back, to offer to teach us to do all these things? I accepted, of course. What else could I do? And soon, Sir Robert Loxley, became our second secret keeper. Wolf had come back with an alarming message, that soldiers were forcing Lady Marion into a building. I, fearing the worst, ran to the village with one other boy, and we climbed the roof that Wolf had told us housed Lady Marion. I heard a gurgled grunt and quickly moved aside the hay, setting the other boy on watch over the rooftop. Calling for Lady Marion, I heard her relieved voice; she handed me a sword, which I pulled up, and then heard the sounds of her climbing, and put my arm through the hole to help her through the roof. We soon descended from the roof, and I told the other boy to wait in the forest, I didn't want any of my soldiers to be hurt. The Friar and I followed Lady Marion, who had us help the villagers who were locked in the burning building. We managed to save them all, so I quickly disappeared back into the forest, as my soldiers began to melt back to our camp. Lady Marion knew where we were if she needed help. My warriors and I fought in that battle. The one that Robin revealed his identity, the one that England won against France, and the one where the vicious traitor that almost had the village killed, was killed himself, by our very own Robin Hood. After the battle, Robin and his fellow men, Merry Men, they called themselves, became outlaws. Declared by the King himself. It seemed to suit our needs just fine, for we welcomed the crusaders, and Friar Tuck, with open arms, and they adopted us. Lady Marion will now never leave, and we will soon learn how to hunt better and other things that Robin promised he would. Though I am sad to see our ranks disappearing day by day, I am glad, for they now can be the children that they are. And though I welcomed the power and the responsibility of my troops, I finds myself relieved that the burden of responsibility is taken off my shoulders. ","Summary":" Loop. That was what they called me. Loop, such a childish name, but it couldn't be helped. They nee"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"peace at last","Author":"Tariel H","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8778969","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hair the colour of flame drapes around her neck pale, eyes the colour of bluebirds gazing over rolling green hills, edges with shine gold in the light. There is no real reason for her to be up, but years of ploughing and back breaking work in the fields has conditioned her body. She is not longer beautiful, this she knows. Her cheek are too high, eyes holding too much pride for a woman. This she has been told But, as Robin rustles awake, lumbering toward her in the manner of giants, as he binds her flame coloured hair against the nape of her neck, as he plants a kiss behind her eye, she allows herself to be lost in a sensation that must be akin to peace. In this chamber, at the far corner of Nottingham Castle, far from prying eyes there is only silence between them, soft caresses. Bitter words are left at the door, crossing the threshold to their chamber it is only him and he. It is them only, and, Marion cannot help but wonder if this is what peace feels. Is peace the settling of her stomach as she sees the worn features of Robin- not handsome, never handsome but strong and sturdy and a smile that promises equality and the sort of love that needs nothing in return? Is peace the ebbing away of her loneliness, the loneliness that clung to her as a child does its mother breast, as Robin teases her gently, kindly? Is peace her laughter, or the ease in which they keep each other's company, not through words of passion or worship but an undeniable bond that circulates love between them? This is peace - Marion thinks to herself as Robin wraps archer's arms around her sapling waist, pulling her to him, binding themselves to each other- for if it is not, then no such thing exists upon man. ","Summary":" Hair the colour of flame drapes around her neck pale, eyes the colour of bluebirds gazing over roll"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"Stranger","Author":"Kyraillion","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6431774","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Winifred! Winifred!\" Marion's heart sank when she realized the maid was already out of earshot. Sometimes she wished that young girl was not so spry. Someone had to help the weary man out of his mail. She knew no one else was around if Winifred had already returned to the stables to flirt with the stable boys. As improper as it was, Marion saw no other choice. She would have to be the one to assist the strange man. Marion's senses were assaulted as soon as she approached him. The new comer stank of sweat, horse, and other smells she could not name. The man spoke no words, save to direct her hands, instructing her in which pieces of armor had to be removed first. Marion bit her lip slightly, surpassing her tears as she worked on the warm, metal links of the man's coif and the contrastingly soft, leather laces of his jerkin. This was how she was supposed to treat her husband when he should arrive home. This was an action for a wife, not for a newly made widow. Silently she wondered if this man had a wife who awaited him somewhere, and if so, Marion wondered if she would be pleased with her hospitality. Robin, she believed that was his name, was strong and handsome, for all that he was a commoner. He seemed to also be polite and gentle. Such a man surely deserved the comfort of a home and a family after such a lengthy time at war. Her husband certainly deserved that comfort, but the time for comfort had passed for Sir Robert of Nottingham. There could be no soothing him now. Marion could not help but tremble as she felt the smooth, hard muscles of the man's shoulders and back as she continued to help him undress. Her grief remained barely checked, hidden under her calm demeanor, but ever present in her heart. She had not loved her husband. She knew that. Still, Robert had been a good man. Marion had dream of him often during the ten years of his absence, often imagining a homecoming similar to the scene she was now acting out with a man she had only recently met, a man who should have been her husband. She sighed softly, lamenting what could have been, wondering what would become of her now that she had no husband and no hope of retaining the home and life she had clung so desperately to these last, difficult years. The man kept his eyes fastened on the floor when his gaze was not required on his garments. Marion could tell that he was attempting to make this less awkward and painful for her. She was grateful that he did not try to engage her in arbitrary small talk. For ten years Marion had been a wife. She had had barely a week to act the part. She hoped she had done well with what little time she had with Robert. Perhaps her husband would look down on her from his place in Heaven and smile down upon her. If so, perhaps God would bless her with another opportunity in time. Maybe she could still learn what it truly meant to love and to be a wife. Marion tugged hard on the end of the man's chain mail and worn cloth undershirt. Ungracefully, he shrugged his way out of his entrapments. He stood, now bare-chested, chest heaving ever so slightly at his efforts. He thanked her and made a move to retrieve his clothes from her, lest he sully her hands. A chuckle escaped her. Marion could not help but find this amusing. Surely he knew his clothes were to be washed? She informed him of this and shooed him toward his bath, before taking her leave. This strange and slightly comical character might not be the husband she had long awaited, but he was a welcome visitor nonetheless. Marion shut the door behind herself, attempting to shut it on her grief and worry as well. It wasn't every day that Nottingham had a visitor. Even Walter, for all his immense sadness, seemed to have his spirits lifted by news from the front. Perhaps she should be grateful for the man's presence as well and stop dwelling on the past. ","Summary":" \"Winifred! Winifred!\" Marion's heart sank when she realized the maid was already out of earshot. "},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"Honest and brave","Author":"Ulaanbaatar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6056984","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ROBIN HOOD \"Honest and brave\" by ALWrite Disclaimer: This story is inspired by the film \"Robin Hood\" as written by Brian Helgeland and directed by Ridley Scott. I do not own any of the mentioned characters or storylines. I merely \"borrow\" them to expand and interpret a scene from the movie. I sincerely hope that none of the involved artists finds offence in my writings. My thanks go to Russell Crowe, Douglas Hodge, Cate Blanchett and Max von Sydow for creating the characters. So this was what dying was like. It was painful. He lay on the ground and couldn't move. The leaves of the forest trees swayed above him; the light filtered through them, blinding him occasionally. He could hear the moves and noises of the robbers that had ambushed them around him, but it was too painful to turn his head to look. With the spear stuck in him like it would in a hunted boar he lay prostrate and motionless, and they believed him to be dead, for sure. Which was just as well. He couldn't defend himself any longer. His sword was visible but beyond reach. A reminder of past mistakes and rash, youthful errors. For ten years he had followed the King on his crusade. During all this time he had been prepared to meet his death. King Richard was known to join his men in battle, to spur them on with his own courage, to take risks with his life – unneccesary risks, sometimes. And it had been his duty to watch the King's back. And now the King was dead. It was finally over. During that last private conversation with 'the Lionheart' when King Richard had confessed that he didn't want to head home, he had felt despair. For a moment he had believed that this endless, useless conquest would go on forever. They were in the North of France, so close to the Channel and to England, and Richard still wanted to continue fighting. To evade his mother and his brother he had said, but – more likely – to evade his own country and its people. It had been Richard's sudden death that had ensured Robert Loxley a passage home... If it hadn't been for this ambush he would be heading for the coast right now, heading for England and for home... Home... That sword. And the words on its hilt. In their last quarrel he had accused his father of loving the stonemason and his cause more than his own son. That was why he had taken the sword with him when he had left. To hurt his father. To make sure that there would be something his father would miss, even if it might not be his own son. The truth was he hadn't joined Richard out of religious devotion or even zeal for conquest. He had been running away. Over time the motto on the sword had stung him, reminded him of home. And so, one night, he had taken a strong wire and wrapped it around he hilt. Gone were the words, and with the wire his grip on the sword had been better – both literally and figuratively. Only lately the wire had broken, and he had to be careful how he held the sword, or it would rip open the palm of his hand. The dying man smiled at this thought. His palms were hard now. They weren't easily hurt any longer. But his heart had come to hurt more and more. Hurt with the thought of home. The longer their sieges, the stronger the feeling had become. Homesickness. It quenched every other feeling one might have. Home. Nottingham. Never to be seen again. And Marion. He remembered her face: pale, beautiful, ethereal. Like an angel's. So different from the sharp tongue and the quick wit she could display on occasion. His father hadn't been too happy when he had brought home Marion. A grown woman, not an innocent maid. But their love had been all the better for it. Sweet. Short but sweet. He wondered how she remembered this brief week of their marriage, those few moments together that had etched indelibly into his own memory. He had wanted so much for them then. But after that fateful quarrel with his father he couldn't stay. And now it was too late... The slightest move brought on a wave of pain. Best lie still and dream of her, he told himself. He wondered if death was like a sleep. If so, then perhaps he could be dreaming of her when he was dead... A shadow fell across his face. A man was towering above him. His face was vaguely familiar. Wasn't this the man who had spoken out to King Richard against the crusade? The man who had told the 'Lionheart' what he didn't want to hear – but had still demanded to know? Robert remembered how King Richard had wanted to find a man that would be both honest and brave. And the archer had proven to be so. The man had spoken with a Northern accent. Perhaps he knew Nottingham. Perhaps he could take the sword back to his father so that his father might forgive him... \"My sword...\" He barely managed to get the words out. But the man had heard him. He took the sword, knelt down beside him and placed it on his body so that his hand could grasp the hilt. If only he could make this man go to Nottingham, to see his father. Which words could he use to convince him? \"Its value to me is great,\" he began. \"It belonged to my father, Sir Walter Loxley of Nottingham. Do you know it?\" \"Aye. I've heard of Nottingham.\" Thank God! He knew. \"Then fate has smiled on me. You must bring the sword to my father. It will bring me peace.\" The man's eyes changed. He slightly shook his head, his look now one of refusal. But that man was his only chance. He must be convinced... \"I took it in anger, without his consent. You must understand the bond of love between a father and a son.\" \"My father abandoned me to the world of men when I was six years old. I know little of the love between father and son.\" Oh no! The man couldn't... mustn't refuse. He must agree to deliver the sword... \"I beg you. Say you will.\" The archer took a deep breath, heaved a soundless sigh. \"I will.\" It was the last Robert Loxley heard. The sounds of the forest grew fainter. The archer would deliver the sword. Perhaps now he could dream... THE END ","Summary":" ROBIN HOOD \"Honest and brave\" by ALWrite Disclaimer: This story is inspired by the film \"Robin H"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"Bitter Sweet","Author":"Eishexe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8482060","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pacing in a circle, the man has run a ditch about the fire. His hands ring each other, clasping and unclasping, as he paces on, the ditch becoming deeper. The fire pops, the forest forebodingly silent. Even the trees are still, as if they are holding their breath in anticipation. There is movement in the hut, a cry as well. He stops, his eyes flying to the door, but no one steps out. His feet return to their path around the fire. A nudge at my elbow, and I take the newly filled tankard, nodding my thanks at one of my closest friends. Will grins, returning to his own thoughts beside me. I glance about locating the fourth and fifth members of our merry little band. They are as somber as the rest of us. Allan, his lute lying forgotten at his feet, hums something melancholy and oddly off tune. Tuck, his tankard abandoned, might seem wrapped in prayer if I didn't detect the light snoring; his hands folded neatly over his broad belly his chin resting on his chest. \"To quiet.\" Will mutters, sighing heavily; but making no attempt to break the stillness again. I nod in agreement, arguing with myself if I should step up. Say something to ease the tension. No he would not wish to hear it. I had not last winter when my wife had bore our son. I down the last bit of the ale in my tankard. We've been out here half the night it seems. More movement a broken pain driven cry; that splits the night air like thunder. Tuck is startled from his sleep, nearly falling from his place; but Allan rights him quick enough. The pacing stops, my head snapping in the direction he is looking. The door remains tightly closed. His breath falls still, we all strain to hear the tiniest hint of noise. The door is pulled open a crack. He and the friar are beaconed inside. Both hurry to answer, and Will, Allan and I look after. None of us can speak and the moments beat by. My wife emerges and urges me to her. I am at her side before I realize I am moving. She is tired, worn thin. Her face betrays the emotions that are dueling with each other; and I know without her speaking. One of them will not be with us much longer. I guide her to the fire, Will giving up his place, that she may sit beside me. I do not need to share the news with the others. The smallest shake of my wife's head, as she meets each of their gazes is enough. The silence, the un-known are enough to drive us mad. Will takes up the matter of pacing about the fire. I wonder momentarily if the inability to remain still is inbred in them somehow. The moon travels onward, and is lost to the thick trees. How much longer will we be kept in the dark? The Friar appears at the door to the hut, and waddles his way back to his seat beside Allan. His face is sorrowful, but he does not share with us who has been lost. The door opens again, our brother's silhouette fills the door way, a small bundle in his arms. His steps are forcibly place. \"It's a girl.\" He mutters. Joy spreads across his face but it is so brief I nearly miss it. I watch the muscles in his jaw clench; tears build in the corners of his eyes but never break free. He is too strong for that, too stubborn. He clutches the child to his chest as he sinks to his knees. In one motion Allan, Will and I circle about him. When one hurts we all hurt. \"Well what's we gonna call her then?\" Will questions, followed immediately by a painful grunt. Allan's elbow found its mark. But Will's unwitting attempt to light the mood seems to have helped. Our brother chuckles a little, a deep grunted chuckle but a chuckle all the same. A smile graces his face again as the child squirms deeper into the blanket wrapped tightly around her. \"Jo…Joana,\" He says it as though he is confirming it with himself, more so than us. \"Her name is Joana.\" \"Give her to me,\" My wife commands, leaning down and taking the child. \"The cold air's not the place for her, and she'll be wailing for nursing soon. She will spend the night with Helen.\" \"Come my friend,\" Tuck comforts as we lead him to the fire. \"Have a drink, come sit by the fire and warm yourself. There is nothing to be done til the 'morrow.\" He says nothing, drinks nothing. We know not how to comfort him. So we copy him; five untouched tankards at our feet. I do not know how long we sit but eventually Tuck nods off and Allan with him. Will wonders off, something about checking on the night watch; and we are left alone. The man has not moved a muscle; hasn't blinked an eye. Suddenly he lifts the ale to his lips and drinks deeply. Then he speaks. It is a quiet voice, barely discernible above the crackling of the fire. A voice I've heard him use only once before; when Jimmy had died. \"I wanted to name her Agatha, after my Mother,\" He sighs. \"But Ana made me promise.\" \"It's a good name, John,\" I reply. \"And I have no doubts the child will live up to it. Ana was as bull headed as you.\" \"Aye Robin that she was,\" An amused smile spreading across his face. \"That she was….\" ","Summary":" Pacing in a circle, the man has run a ditch about the fire. His hands ring each other, clasping and"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"Welcome to South Port","Author":"Dani2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1416028","Passage":"[Chapter 1] - Welcome To South Port - Disclaimer- I do not own anything realated to the Movie/Book. Note- This is written by BlondieSunKisses! My bestest friend Brooke sonReview and all!@ Author's Notes- I am a very big Barry and Helen fan, so thus this is anHelen & Barry fic. Julie and Ray will be featured in it as well. This ficnis excatly one year later after the accident has happened , Im going by thenbook really, I liked it much better. Helen is the Golden Girl for SouthnPort's local news station.As the weather girl. Helen well be calledn\"Heller\" Barry's little pet name for her. Helen's last name is Rivers likenin the book.. Barry and Helen have big realtionship problems, they startedndating sophmore year of highschool. Now they are not, and it is summernHelen who is oh most 19. Barry cheated on Helen when they dated. Okay Inwill stop talking, here is the story! Chapter One - No more sorrys & kisses Helen River's walked down the same ole docks of SouthnPort. Her arms wraped around her waist,as if she was hugging herself. In a deep thought.nShe thought she would of been out of this town by now, if she could'nt getnanywhere with her grades her beauty sure as hell maid up for it. Helen wasnalways beautiful and she was use to everyone noticing it to as well, andnthey did. I mean she is'nt channel 5's golden girl for nothing! She sighed,neveryone's gone off to better things. Leaving me here alone to rot in thisntown.Julie, oh her dearest Julie was off to college. She smiled to herself,nshe always knew Julie would leave to college she was just to smart to staynhere and become nothing. Who knows when she would return. Barry was backnthough. Just the thought of him made her tense all up.She wondered why sheneven cared , it's obvious he did not. Now how could she forget aboutnfisherman Ray. She laughed softly, Ray was still here. Not as if shenstopped to speak with him. She was'nt sure she could after all thatnhappened with the \"accident\". She started walking again, it was alreadyndark out and she better hurry home. Then she came to an abrupt stop, shenswore she heard somthing she breathed heavily it was a cold night for thensummer. Well I guess it usually is cold by any salt water. She heard itnagain... that's it she stated as she took off trying to run the best shencould in her damn shoes.She took a glance back to see nothing but darknessnand before she knew it she was flat on her back on the cold wood of thendock floor. Calming her self down realizing she ran right into a person. \" Watch it. Christ.\" The guy said as he bent down grabing her arm to helpnher up. Helen was tooken offbeat with the rudeness that this guy was giving. \"Sorry.\" She replied in soft tone. \"Helen.....Heller?\" The guy asked. Helen moved her self a little bit closer to check this guy out. \"Barry\". She stated knowing it was now him. \"Helen..... he started. He had her attention now, thinking somethingnimportant was going to come out of his mouth. You look like shit!\" He finished pulling her to a light on the dock so he could get a betternlook. Leave it only Barry to tell channel 5's golden girl that. \"Ass\" She mumbled softly. She knew he had heard her by the way his eyesndarted to hers with an evil glare in them. \"Why where you running?\" He asked looking her up and down, thinking notnmuch has changed.I mean yes her legs where still smooth and good lookingnand her breasts still perfect. The one thing about Helen that drove himncrazy. \"Huh?\" She choked out, being in total mishap with running into Barry andnall. He sighed rolling his eyes, dammit girl he thought you still don't have anclue on life at all do you? Or even a hold on yourself. \"Nothing\" He mused. Her violet kind eyes turned cold. \" Shut up\". \"Here we go , Heller don't give me shit now.Im not in the mood for it.\" Henspat already giving me shit an we just ran into one another not even tennminutes ago. \"Im not giving you anything Barry Cox, remember I don't ever get to have annimput on anything!\" She yelled , already geting heated. He slaped his hand on his forehead. Bringing there breakup decision out innthe open again. Well she was right, she had no say in it at all. She wantednto stay with him, hell he knew she wanted to marry him. He could'nt, shenwas nothing but his own personal trophy he could show around to everyone tonbe in envy. He just gave her a look, Helen was just to different. Not anything like thengirls he cheated on her with. They where smart, good looking college girls.nAll grown up. Not saying Helen was'nt, he gave her a second glance, still knowing nonenof them could ever with hold her personal beauty. \" Sorry alright, here want a lift home. It's too cold to walk tonight in anmini skirt.\" He stated truthfully. \"Oh yeah, she fake smiled and then we can go back to my apartment and getnit on just for good times sake right? Wrong Barry. I'm not the same girlnyou use to use and throw away whenever anymore.\"She stated confident. He stood there in shock, she talked back to him. She never use to, wellnwhen she did she was only half serious then she would come saying hernsorrys kissing him trying to make everything better. There was no sorrys & kisses this time. She ment it , and it sorta hurt that she did. That she could speak to him that way, he always was the rejector. The thenrejected! That's how it went an was suppose to keep on going like that. \"Whatever.\" He stated walking to where he parked. She stomped her foot turning the other direction ,taking a gulp to walknback in the same direction she was running from since she heard somthing.nJust to prove to Barry she was'nt helpless? She walked fast, very fast. He glanced over his shoulder just to make sure she was'nt comming to asknfor a ride. She was'nt, she was out of sight. He unlocked his car door, and breathed looking up into the night sky. \"Sorry Heller\" . He said softly getting into his car, starting it to headnhome. He rolled his eyes he wondered if the bitch was still up. ( His mother). What a reverent joy it was to be around her presence again. His mother. Hownelse could you describe this controlling women.She hated Helen with anpassion. Maybe that's why he said with her so long, just to get on hisnmother's last nerve. You know what... it did too. It killed his mothernreally, she thought Helen was nothing but trash who leached on to him fornhis money. He loved to get at his mother. He knew the right buttons tonpush, he always knew the right buttons to push on everyone. He thought as he started his car an took off to his home, with not a carenin the world. * Sorry So Short guys! I notcied no one really writes any fan fics fornIKWYDLS! Well I hope you enjoy and review please so I can add on knowing you allnliked it very much!! Please! Thanks!!!:)[Chapter 2] Welcome To South Port - Disclaimer- I do not own anything related to the book/movie! Author's Notes- I am a very big Barry and Helen fan, so thus this is anHelen & Barry fic. Julie and Ray will be featured in it as well. This ficnis exactly one year later after the accident has happened, Im going by thenbook really, I liked it much better. Helen is the Golden Girl for SouthnPort's local news station.As the weather girl. Helen well be calledn\"Heller\" Barry's little pet name for her. Helen's last name is Rivers likenin the book.. Barry and Helen have big realtionship problems, they startedndating sophmore year of highschool. Now they are not, and it is summernHelen who is oh most 19. Barry cheated on Helen when they dated. Okay Inwill stop talking, here is the story! Note- I BlondieSunKisses [ Brooke] Wrote this fan fic, my best friend Daninis being so kind to put it on here for me!! Chapter Two - And It All Begins Helen Rivers sat on her soft white chair, the kind of chair that was soncozy and comfy that it put you in a daze. It looked like one of thosenexpensive chairs from some fancy store that would cost more then an 18 yearnold, well soon to be 19 year old could possibly afford. Sad to say, it wasnnot from some expensive store. It was a gift from Julie James' mother. Mrs.nJames said she was so proud of Helen and glad that she was doing so well.nShe said she was going to give it away and decided that maybe she wouldnenjoy it better. It was a thoughtful jester. Helen sat there running hernleft hand's index finger around the rim of her purple coffee cup.Purple wasnher favorite color. Yes , Helen did drink coffee now , she said it keepsnher going in the morning. It truthfully did. She was snapped back intonreality when she heard the ringing of her phone. She stood up casuallynplacing the coffee cup down on a small wooden costar on a table. Making hernway towards the sound of the ringing phone, picking the small whitencordless up placing it to her ear. \"Hello?\" She said simply. \"So good of you to answer the phone for a change.\" Said the voice on thenother end with so much ruddiness. Helen knew only one person couldnwithhold. \"Oh, hi Elsa did you need anything?\" Asked Helen slightly upset that it wasnnot someone else. Although who was she expecting it to be if it was not hernolder sister? Elsa Rivers, was not a pleasant person half the time. She was a rude women.nEspecially to her younger sister. Helen always took everything Elsa said tonher that was rude. She did'nt really have enough in her to fight back allnthe time. She knew the only reason why Elsa treated her like this.nJealousy. That one small eight letter word described it all. Elsa wasnprobally jealous of her the day her mother brought her home from thenhospital. She was jealous that Helen was beautiful and she could not quitenmeasure up to it. Honestly it was very rare to find someone that could. \"Well, I am very glad you asked that question.\" Elsa stated. Knocking Helennout of her personal thoughts and back to there phone conversation. If youncould call it that. Helen sighed. \" Go on.\" \" I need help at the department store today, it is very busy since of thenbig weekand comming up and we are running short on help. I think you shouldnsay yes I mean our father does own the store. Which needs help badly.\" You mean you need help badly, Helen said to herself. She nodded as if Elsa could see her threw the phone. \" Sure, why not? Inwill be there in an hour.\" She awaited for an anwser on the phone but did not get one. She just heardna click. Helen clicked on the off button and set the phone back down on the charger.nShe ran her hands in her soft hair making her way towards the bathroom tonget ready. Julie James sat upon her bed looking down at the flyer she held innher hand. Rereading it over and over as if by doing that the words would magicallynchange. She deicded to read it aloud once more. \" * Come to the party man! We have KEGS! More than one! You gotta come. It will be held at the beach tonight, start round' 10 p.m! *\" She rolled her eyes like she would attend that. Whoever made it, doesn'tneven know how to make a good sounding flyer. She sighed folding it up andnlaying on her oak nightstand. The old Julie James would go, she thought tonherself. She would have called Helen bragging about it then Ray trying tonhave him get Barry to go and we could use his car. She shook her head. Notnno more. I mean she did just return home from college three days ago, shenneeded her rest and needed to get readjusted back here again. \" That's a lie.\" She said aloud to herself. She wanted to go to this party, she wanted to be outside at the beach atnnight having a good time like everything was the same. She wanted to benaround people she use to know, just people who where happy in general. Shenwas just scared she would run into them again. She sighed feeling horriblensaying them as if her old friends were people she did not want to seenanymore, the kind where you would cross on to the other sidewalk to avoidnfrom speaking to them. It was not like that at all . Not even close. Shenjust would'nt know what to say, or how to act. \"Jules, honey. I made you some food , come down please.\" Yelled her mothernfrom downstairs. She stood up looking back at her night stand and at thenugly bright yellow flyer. Deciding on if she should go. \" I am going to go. Simple as that.\" She stated, opening her door to hernroom and walking out. Looking down at her watch on her wrist , it was 5:30.nShe did have awhile. [ Sorry so short, more reviews and I promise the next onenwill be extra long!][Chapter 3] - Welcome To South Port - Disclaimer- I do not own anything related to the book/movie! Author's Notes- I am a very big Barry and Helen fan, so thus this is anHelen & Barry fic. Julie and Ray will be featured in it as well. This ficnis exactly one year later after the accident has happened, Im going by thenbook really, I liked it much better. Helen is the Golden Girl for SouthnPort's local news station.As the weather girl. Helen well be calledn\"Heller\" Barry's little pet name for her. Helen's last name is Rivers likenin the book.. Barry and Helen have big realtionship problems, they startedndating sophmore year of highschool. Now they are not, and it is summernHelen who is oh most 19. Barry cheated on Helen when they dated. Okay Inwill stop talking, here is the story! *Note- *I BlondieSunKisses [ Brooke] Wrote this fan fic, my best friendnDani is being so kind to put it on here for me!! - Chapter Three - Halfway There Why am I here? I should'nt be here! Helen River's kept thinking. The blonde shook her head watching her blonde locks fly every where. Shenwalked along the beach, looking around. People where everywhere, dancingnwith one another some dancing way close then they should be. Well.. atleastnout in public. Most of the crowd was out by where the bon fire was held. Ohnmost everyone had a bottle of beer with them, you could not quite say whatneveryone was drinking since it seemed there was so many different typesnplaced in somebody's hands. Her violet eyes looked around for a face shenknew. Most of these kids that where out here she went to highschool with,nsince they where all back for the summer. She made a big sigh, it was'ntncold yet.. she thought it would be in an hour or so. Damn I should havenbrought a jacket. She walked up to every one around the fire. When she looked up she knew whonshe saw oh most close enough to her to touch. Why was she suprised to seenhim? She knew he would be here, ten years from now he still probably wouldnbe out here drinking. It also was not a suprise either when she saw somentrampy blonde bimbo take her place beside him. Giggling and twirling anfront lock of her hair around her index finger starring at Barry in antrance. Helen rolled her eyes in disgust, as if that girl has never seen anguy befor I mean there was so many other guys way more attractive thennBarry Cox. Keep telling yourself that. She thought in her head. She turned around and started walking in the opposite direction from him. \" Heller hold on a sec!\" Called a voice in a distance. She pinched herself for being so stupid to stop and wait, but she didnanways. She did'nt turn around she just waited for him to catch up with hern. \" Jealous are we?\" Barry questioned in his normal arrogant tone. \" Of what?\" Helen questioned in a dull voice giving him not a full sentencenso he would take the hint. \"Don't play stupid with me, I know your not. \" He said finishing off thenrest of his Budwiser beer in a bottle. Tossing it on the ground carelessly. Wow he's admiting I am not a another dumb little girl, he must be drunk.nThought Helen as she opened her mouth to reply back to him. \" I don't get jealous Barry, well not of cheap imitations of Barbienanyways.\" \" How I missed your sarcasm Heller, I know your jealous. I can tell by thenway you speak to me know. I can tell by how you turned away so quickly tonwalk in the other direction when you saw her come to me.\" \" Wow what a wonderful observer you have become but you could try to readnpeople a little bit better though, sorry on this one. You are wrong.\" She stated looking down at the sand, anywhere but his face. She did'nt wantnto be cold to him, she wanted to be quite the oppsite to him really. Howncould she though? \"Bullshit and you know it!\" Barry said a little to loud then he wanted itnto come out. He was oh most drunk so it really did'nt matter to him anyways. He needednanother beer, he knew that for a fact. Helen sighed kicking sand with her left foot. \"Whatever you say just calm down, alright.\" She stated in a nicer tone. He rolled his eyes. Grabing a beer out a guy's hand who was walking by, itnwas that loser Max who had a crush on Julie. He glared at him and watchednhim walk away. \" It's getting late and your date is probably looking for you.. and I neednto find Julie if she's here.\" Helen stated looking into his eyes for thenfirst time. He nodded in agreement. Befor he went to go to his fake Barbie he moved tonher closely. Helen gave him a funny look stepping back, not knowing what the hell he wasndoing. He moved closer to her, face to face. He slipped his arms around her petitenwaist locking them together. She gave him a funny look, what was going on here. She could smell the beernon his breathe she knew he probaly had alot already. He bent his head down towards her he could smell the perfume she had on hernneck. It was from him, he had given her it for her birthday last year. It smellednof flowers. For some reason that smell made her seem more precious then anything. \" I just wanted to feel you near me again.\" He said quietly in her ear.nThen stepping back from her giving her one last look. Then that was it. Henturned around walking back to his date or whatever she was to him at thenmoment. Helen was in a daze. Typical of him. To say somthing like that to her tonmake her feel again and for her to want him.Then to walk away from her.nSomthing she has seen to many times befor. She turned around and starte walking again looking for Julie. Boy did shenmiss her. [ Very sorry that it is short!!!!! Please more reviews!][Chapter 4] - Welcome To South Port - Disclaimer- I do not own anything related to the book/movie! Author's Notes- I am a very big Barry and Helen fan, so thus this is anHelen & Barry fic. Julie and Ray will be featured in it as well. This ficnis exactly one year later after the accident has happened, Im going by thenbook really, I liked it much better. Helen is the Golden Girl for SouthnPort's local news station.As the weather girl. Helen well be calledn\"Heller\" Barry's little pet name for her. Helen's last name is Rivers likenin the book.. Barry and Helen have big realtionship problems, they startedndating sophmore year of highschool. Now they are not, and it is summernHelen who is oh most 19. Barry cheated on Helen when they dated. I am usingn\" Max\" in this story from the movie. Okay I will stop talking, here is thenstory! *Note- *I BlondieSunKisses [ Brooke] Wrote this fan fic, my best friendnDani is being so kind to put it on here for me!! ****Thanks****** I'd also like to thank every single person who gave me good reviews. It's much appreciated! Like Amber Lee thanks for your nice reviews, TK2nthanks for your reviews as well!! Kat and HyperActivePryoBunny. Andneveryone else as well :) Chapter Four-:: Getting Back To Normal Julie James sat alone on a lawn chair out on the beach. She was'ntncompletely alone, she just was'nt talking to anyone. She glanced up at allnof the people near her. Her lawn chair was by the bon fire. \" Here\". Said a male voice now standing next to her. She only looked at hisnhand, it was'nt Ray she knew that for a fact. She would know Ray's voicenanywhere and his hands. The male hand had a small plastic red cup in his hand, containing some rednjuice . Most likely mixed with vodka. She did'nt decline the offer, even ifnshe was'nt thirsty she would just be polite and take it anyways. She took the cup out of the guy's hand and placed it in her own looking upnto see who this guy was. \" Max..\" Julie stated suprised.[ Max is from the movie] She had'nt seen himnin a long long time. Well since last.. yeah .. fourth of July. She knew henalways had a crush on her, she could tell and just about everyone elsencould as well. Ray and Barry did'nt like him much, come to think of it Julie herselfnwas'nt so sure if she liked Max as well. Yes he was nice and always sweetnto her. He kinda gave her the creeps though. She did'nt know why, shenshrugged of the feeling and gave him a small smile. \" Jules.\" He began as if they where friends for a long time. \" How havenyou been? You looked kinda lonely sitting over here all alone. I mean it'sna party, so why are'nt you partying?\" Julie had to laugh a little, I mean she had to give him points he wasntrying. \" I don't know.. I was never really a party girl. I just came hoping to seenHelen or someone.\" He nodded . \" I see. I uh saw her earlier with Barry Cox.\" \" Oh really?\" She asked, not wanting to discuss with Max whether or notnBarry and Helen were on again or off. \" Yep.\" He said finishing his drink in the little red plastic cup. Tossingnit on the sand. \" Jules? Julie James?\" Came a girl's voice from behind both of them. Julie sighed in relief thinking maybe Max would take the hint now. Shensmiled as she saw the blonde bombshell Helen Rivers' walking towards her. Helen moved over and hugged her long lost friend. \" It's good to see you again.\" Julie breathed thinking Helen was squeezingnher to tightly. She took a deep breathe when Helen released her. \" I know it's been to damn long Jules!\" Helen exclaimed shifting her gazenand giving Max a funny look. \" Uhh. Julie I better get going, I will catch up with you later.\" Max saidnmoving an going off in the other direction. \" What was with that?\" Helen asked pulling up a lawn chair next to Juliesnand setting herself on it. Julie shrugged. \" He just wanted to say hi I suppose.\" \" Or wanted something else.\" Helen butted in stating her opinion. Julie gave her a look. \" Helen!\" \" What? She asked. All I am saying is the truth. Well most likely. Maxnalready knows you and Ray... well.. are not seeing one another anymore andnhe has always had a thing for you.\" \" Yeah. So anyways...how has your summer been?\" She was changing thensubject. \" It's been okay, nothing wonderful or anything. How's school?\" Julie and Helen sat there for about an good hour trying to catch up withnone another. I mean they were bestfriends' and being apart from each other was a hardnthing. Julie yawned looking down at her wacth on her wrist. \" Helen I'm sorry it's getting really late and I better get going. It wasnnice to see you again.\" Julie started rising off of the lawn chair. Helen faked a smile. \" Oh. Okay, well that's fine I should go as well. Younknow me I got to look pretty for the camera!\" Julie gave her a smile. \" Okay.. well you call me and we can do somethingnmaybe have lunch or whatever.\" Helen nodded. \" Sure I will .\" She moved and gave Julie a goodbye hug. \" Bye.\" Julie said softly an gave Helen one last look and made her way outnto leave the beach. Helen gave a sigh. Julie just was'nt the same anymore things wherendifferent. Well she knew they would change.. but.. that did'nt mean there friendshipnhad to right? Well maybethings would be better went they go out for lunch. She had this funny feeling , she use to be able to tell Julie anything nownit felt like she had to watch what she says around her. Like Julie wouldnget upset or something idiotic like that. She leaned down picking up her jacker pushing her left arm in it then rightn. No use in staying she shoud head home. She made her way down the beach and towards where she entered passing manynschool drunks and very horny kids! She moved into the parking lot, wherenthey all parked going for her car. She head some yelling, a shiver went down her spine. She walked to her carnmire quickly just wanting to be in it. \" No I can drive, NO NO NO NO! I said I could drive!\" Helen stopped listening. She laughed a drunk protesting that he is alrightnto drive. Classic. She looked to see who it was. She groaned. God was this possible,nwas she being punished? The one and only Barry. She saw him making a scene, he always cound even if he did'nt mean to. She also saw blonde barbie with him in her sweet little fake voice saying \"Barr hunn let me drive, you are like so totally wasted!\" She made a face it made her sick. She kept walking to her car just toningore this scene, she was'nt in the mood and since Barry was acting weirdnearlier. \" Hunn it' s like that golden girl you like know. She can take you home, Inwant to stay an party an you reached your limit.\" Barbie yelled out. [nHahah her name is'nt Barbie it's just what Helen refers to her as!] Helen rolled her eyes, thanks Barbie. Barry darted his eyes in her direction an a small smirk placed upon hisnlips. \" Yeah fine whatever go ahead an go back to the party Heller will take menhome!\" Barry announced. \" Kay!\" Barbie said laying a peck on his cheek an darted herself off backnto the party. Barry made his way over to Helen an walked to the passenger side of her carnopening the door. \" I'm glad you volunteered me to take your drunk ass home.\" Helen spatngetting into her car. She was only halfway made to say the least, maybe shengood really figure out what was he thinking. He just smirked and got into her car slamming the door. What an adventure this was going to turn out it be... [ Haha! Sorry I had to stop it there but I needed to make sure you allnwhere still interested in this story! Please more reviews I love themnall!!][Chapter 5] - Welcome To SouthPort- Chapter 5 : Paint The Silence Disclaimer- I do not own anything related to the book/movie! Author's Notes- I am a very big Barry and Helen fan, so thus this is a Helen & Barry fic. Julie and Ray will be featured in it as well. This fic is exactly one year later after the accident has happened, I'm going by the book really, I liked it much better. Helen is the Golden Girl for South Port's local news station. As the weather girl. Helen well be called \"Heller\" Barry's little pet name for her. Helen's last name is Rivers like in the book.. Barry and Helen have big relationship problems, they started dating sophomore year of high school. Now they are not, and it is summer Helen who is oh most 19. Barry cheated on Helen when they dated. I am using \" Max\" in this story from the movie. Okay I will stop talking, here is the story! Note- I BlondieSunKisses [ Brooke] Wrote this fan fic, my best friend Dani is being so kind to put it on here for me!! Thanks Helen gave Barry a death glare as she put her keys in the ignition and started up her car. \" Okay rule one, Helen began in a harsh tone. You have to wear your seatbelt. Rule two no sticking your head out the window or any other dog like behaviors you like to do.\" \" Ouch. Are you done now? Or is there anymore prudish rules you feel the need to say aloud.\" Barry replied putting on his seatbelt. Giving her a smirk, yes he was drunk but not to far gone to play the game Helen was starting. \"Yes, the most important rule. No touching. Anything.\" Helen said starting to back out of the beach's parking lot. \" Does that include you?\" He asked finishing his last beer he kept hidden, he rolled down the window and tossed it out without a care. \"Do I have to answer that question? \" Barry shrugged. \" I guess not.\" Helen sighed as she pulled out of the parking lot making her way towards Barry's home. The Cox's where blessed with all the money they had and they didn't see no reason why not to flaunt it . You could tell by the way there house looked, it was utterly beautiful. Helen always loathed going to Barry's house, his parents despised her. That was most of the reason why Helen thought Barry stayed with her for so long. To get back at his parents, plus Barry had no shame in telling her all the time she was a perfect trophy for his arm. \"Hey. What are you thinking about?\" Asked Barry leaning over towards her. She could smell the beer on his breathe again. God I'm going to vomit she thought to herself. \" Nothing that concerns you if your wondering. Barry silence is a virtue you know.\" She stated forcing herself not to look at him and keep her eyes upon the road. \" Yes it is and a wonderful quality to have, which you should know already by now I do not .\" He smirked to himself he was making her blush, he could always read her like a book. He knew infact that she wouldn't look at him because if she did she'd be giving in. Which that was usually her lead role to play. He moved back away from her, this was starting to annoy him now. He wanted her, she wanted him so why the hell was she trying to act all holy now like a virgin. She was not one and he knew that because he was the first one to take her and all the times after as well. He would even bet money on that she hadn't been with any one else either, and that thought excited him. To know that his Helen only knew his touch and no one else's. He was not quite sure what he was feeling anymore towards her, I mean they dated for awhile which was not at all the intention he had when he first asked her out. The countless thoughts filled his head as he re-called each time he planned to break it off with her , but he never could until finally the whole \"accident\" happened. He shifted his gaze to look at her. He couldn't of hurt her that much last year by giving her the boot .Could he? Sure Helen was a sight to see, and you could always catch a guy staring at her as she waked by. Though you could also say the same thing for Barry , girls where always flaunting their smiles in his direction and to say the least he didn't mind it. But Helen wasn't the weak one , that was him. If she only knew the countless times he cheated on her with others , especially from college it would kill her . All the girls he was with where lookers as well but none could measure up to her . Hell he would always catch his roommates looking at the picture of Helen he had from her junior year [ I think that's right?] it was signed so simply. To Barry, love Heller. It was cute, but he grew out of cute a long time ago. I suppose you could call the feeling that was turning in his stomache right was regret. He regretted every horrible thing he did to Helen , which there was many. He was well aware of the numberous times he hurt her feelings and blamed things on her that she had nothing to do with. He regretted every emotion he took out on her , love, hate, anger. The one thing he regretted most was that she fell in love with him and he knew she did. The only thing he could offer her then and now still is disappointment and she probably couldn't manage anymore of it. \" Why are you staring at me? \" Helen questioned interrupting his thoughts. \" You are just to beautiful not to.\" He replied honestly. \" Wow, I forgot how nice you get when your drunk.\" She pulled up halfway to his driveway. He gave her a look. \" Whatever you say.\" He replied un buckling his seatbelt. \" You can walk the rest of the way, some fresh air might help sober you up.\" He opened the door stepping out of it. \" Your to kind Helen. \" He retorted shutting her car door watching her pull out of his drive way and on her way. He stuffed his hands in his pockets and began walking up the driveway. He just didn't know how to act around her anymore. He was so use to being cold to her and having her take it all and still kiss his ass. She was different now though and he didn't know how to handle her. [ I am majorly sorry that I haven't updated forever! I just didn't know what to write! So I gave this chapter a shot! I hope you all like it and I am very sorry of how short it is. Keep reviewing I love them all!!! Thanks!] ","Summary":" - Welcome To South Port - Disclaimer- I do not own anything realated to the Movie/Book. Note- This "},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"The Science of Memory","Author":"xx.trelane","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6274546","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : The Science of Memory. Character [ s ]: Read it. Pairings [ if any ]: John|OC [friendship]. Arthur's Notes : Slightly AU. Made it so Little John 'grew up' in Nottingham, and the like. Also gave him more history as to why Friar Tuck was always on his heels during the movie. What better way than imputing a girl? Namely Tuck's daughter. Now, before anyone goes off on me-I see it that Tuck wasn't always a 'friar'; nobody's born into priesthood. He could have had a family-then turned to the church afterward. Title is the quote that Robin told John during the 'cup and rock' game; which seems to fit for this fiction. Story Type : AU; Friendship|Hurt. Disclaimer : I own nothing but Violet. Plot Summary : [AU] Little John recalls his childhood-and his closest friend; he returns to his childhood home and meets her years later. Nothing is the same. [John|OC; friendship] Prologue ;; The mid-afternoon was cloudy; it was going to rain in Nottingham, but that did not stop the children of the small town from playing. Two children-one of eight years of age-the other ten; played laughing outside in the small field, just a bit away from Nottingham Abbey. \"It's your turn to watch Thomas, Violet.\" the little boy said, handing the big Irish potato he held in his hands; to the brunette girl beside him. \"Okay, but you have to go fight the dragon and keep him from getting into the house.\" the little girl named Violet said; pointing to the big barrel of hay a few feet away. \"You're the papa, John. You have to save us from the dragon!\" she nodded. \"Okay. I'll kill it with my sword!\" the boy named John said, picking up a stick and holding it up. Showing her, a big smile on his face, before attacking the 'dragon' made of hay. The girl grinned and gasped-holding the big potato in her arms. John Little and Violet of Dover, these two children, they were attached to the hip. They had grown up together. His father was hardly in his life; and her mother had died when she was a baby. There were many complications to both of their lives, but they were too young to understand this. His father left him and his mother when he was younger; her father was the local Friar and beekeeper. They did not understand the hard times of their parents life; but they seemed not to be interested in these thing. They were only children. Playing childish games; at what they 'thought' what family was supposed to be. The rain had finally started to fall; and John could see his mother coming up from over the hill. \"Little John! Where are you? John? We have to leave. It's time to go.\" turning to Violet, John gave a confused look; before shrugging, as he frowned. \"I have to go.\" he called to his best friend. Waving to her, as he raced to his mother, who was motioning to her son, with a small frown on her face. Violet watched as her friend had raced off; and waved good-bye. Feeling the small droplets fall from the sky, Violet turned back to the Abbey; before seeing Friar Tuck-her own father-coming out of the church; wearing his beekeepers outfit-along with his habit. \"Papa!\" Violet called, before going up to her father. Turning back, to look at where her friend had stood; \"Where are they going?\" Tuck did not answer and just frowned. \"They're leaving.\" \"Where? Where are the going? Are the going home?\" Violet questioned her father. He had no answers for her; what could he tell her? He didn't have the heart to tell her that her closest friend was moving away-far away-to Edinburgh, and probably would never come back. \"A new home, they're moving away from Nottingham.\" he replied, before feeling the need to take his daughter by the hand. Violet gave her father a confused look; before frowning. Sometimes parents were cruel to their children, and did not tell them the story as to 'why', but in time, they'd understand it was for the best. Tuck had lead Violet to the town; the rain falling softly. There was no thunder or lightening with this passing storm. Just rain. John had made his way with his mother, along with his thing already packed; as he followed her to the wagon. \"Where are we going, mum?\" the boy asked his mother. John's mother did not have the heart to tell her son, they were leaving. Going to Edinburgh, away from what was happening in Nottingham. So they could have a better life. \"On a trip. We're going to be staying with aunt Berta in Edinburgh.\" the mother replied, now putting a few baskets of things into the wagon; pointing to a bundle of cloth for her son to put into the wagon. \"I don't want to go visit aunt Berta. I want to stay here and play.\" John said in disapproval of his mother. Tossing the bundle into the wagon, annoyingly. \"We have to.\" his mother said, now picking the boy up and placing him into the wagon; before she heard a familiar voice calling her. \"Miss Little-\" it was Friar Tuck, and his daughter; \"-I just thought it was only right for the children to say their good-byes, before you leave.\" he said. The elder Little nodded, before finishing up her packing; Tuck helping her with her things. John sat disgruntled in the wagon, before looking down seeing his best friend at his feet, which brought a grin to his face. \"Where are you going, John?\" his best friend asked. \"To visit my aunt Berta in Edinburgh.\" he replied to her. Violet frowned; the young girl didn't know where Edinburgh was and it showed on her face that she didn't know. \"Where's Edinburgh? How far is it?\" she asked, now turning to her father-whom patted her shoulder. \"Far away dear. We need to let them finish up packing for their trip. Now, say good-bye, Violet. We don't want to keep them awaiting.\" Violet turned to look at John again; confused she tilted her head; \"I'll keep Thomas safe 'til you get back, promise.\" she nodded, holding the potato tightly in her arms. Her best friend was leaving her-and not coming back. She did not realized this now-but they wouldn't see each-other again-unless by a miracle of God. John frowned deeply before nodding; \"Okay. You promise?\" he asked her-she nodded. \"Yeah. Promise.\" she smiled, still hugging to potato. It was then that Miss Little sat next to her son on the wagon; a frown flooding her face. Tuck had the exact reaction on his face, but he forced a smile to appear. \"Safe travels. Many blessing. We'll keep you both in our prayers.\" he said, before waving the Little family off. As the wagon managed to ride off; Violet too a few steps forward-watching her friend leave. John managed to look toward his mother-then toward the fading childhood friend of his, waving. \"Goodbye Violet!\" he called to her. Unsure of how long he'd be gone, but he did not know, it would be for a long time. Too long. \"Goodbye John!\" he heard the brunette call to him, waving with a frown on his face. He was hopeful that his stay in Edinburgh wouldn't last long; but he did not know that this would be the last time he'd see of his best friend-for a long time. A/N : End of the prologue|flashback. More to come soon.[Chapter 2] Arthur's Note : Here's chapter one. Enjoy. Disclaimer : Don't own anything, but Violet. Thirteen long years later John Little found himself in the Holy Land, fighting the war. He had seen many things during his time in the war. He had grown up, he had became a man-a big man, one that would send any would-be attackers away, just by his size. When he had met Robin Longstride, Allan A'Dayle, and Will Scarlett; he had done things that-well would be considered wrong by the King's law. He found himself impersonating a knight-and a royal guard to the recently fallen King himself. All as a last wish to a dying man he did not know. \"Nottingham.\" he heard the dying man say in his last breath. None of Longstride's men had heard of the town, except John. He had heard about it, that he had. His memory of the place was vague, he did not remember it in it's entirety. \"Have any of you heard of this Nottingham place?\" he heard the redheaded Welshman say. Allan A'Dayle shook his head; \"No, but he did give us a map. That Loxley fellow. It should be enough. Right Robin?\" Longstride said nothing, as John managed to find himself drowning in his own thoughts. Trying to place the town of Nottingham in his memory, but found nothing but vague faces. Ones he couldn't remember. One of a little girl and her potato-and that itself worried John. Why was the little girl haunting his mind? He made note, not to mention this to anyone, or they just think of him as daft. He wouldn't allow this vague memory of a girl and a potato ruin his mind. \"Didn't you grow up there, Little John?\" Robin stated, looking at the map, then to the bigger of the men. John said nothing, still in deep thought. He saw a small image of the little girl; 'You have to save me and Thomas from the dragon, John!' her voice rang clearly in his head. He saw her hugging a potato-but he didn't understand why. \"John?\" Robin stated, approaching the unsettling quiet man. John had snapped out of the small memory; and shook his head. Situating his sling, and taking a tight grasp of his quarterstaff. He blinked, \"Aye, I did, but that was a long time ago.\" he replied to Longstride. Longstride nodded to John; but it was Scarlett who spoke \"Do you know the way there from here?\" John sighed deeply and shook his head. \"Aye, but it's not that easy.\" he stated, looking about the wood around them; \"I have not step foot there in many years.\" Scarlett scoffed; \"Are you sure Robin? Letting a Scot lead the way to a town we never been before? It's like trusting to lead a horse to water-thinking it will drink. You can not be sure.\" Scarlett was not about to trust John to lead him anywhere. They had issue in the past, and they were far from settled. \"We have to Will.\" was the only words Longstride spoke on the subject, before he motioned with his hand to John, so he could lead the way. John just nodded his head; before turning to the wood. Still clearly picturing the little girl with the potato in his mind. 'I'll keep Thomas safe 'til you get back, promise.' her voice called in his mind. He furrowed his brow then shook the thought of the little girl out of his head, and pressed forward to Nottingham. \"Violet!\" the voice of Friar Tuck rang out through the small abbey in Nottingham; the sleeping young woman perked her head up from the church pew. \"Are you listening?\" Violet of Dover had grown up. Thirteen years had came and past since her closest friend had left her for Edinburgh, with his family. She had grown up taking care of herself, and helped her father with his churchly duties, along with his beekeeping. She grew up to be a beautiful young woman; one that any man would have courted-if given the chance, but none succeed. Not with the watchful eye of her father about. He wasn't a 'churchy' friar; often turning the other cheek to others sexual escapades, but he drew the line when it came to his beloved daughter. \"I'm listening.\" she said, in reality, she hadn't been. It was a muggy Sunday afternoon-and not many people were attending church since the Sheriff can taxed them, even for things of a churchly nature-people were loosing father, but Tuck pressed forward to keep Violet open to the church. \"Of course you are.\" Tuck looked down at her, before Violet's stomach grumbled, loud enough for both to hear. \"Hungry I see? Well the soup's on in the kitchen. Might want to go add some potatoes, but it's ready. Help yourself.\" he offered. Getting up, Violet nodded in thanks to her father. \"Thanks papa.\" she grinned; kissing the jovial friar's cheek, before going off to the kitchen part of the abbey. Violet was still a child at heart. Exporative, independent, curious. As John Little had lead Longstride, Scarlett, and A'Dayle into the outskirts of Nottingham; he tried to place the part of town he was in, but couldn't. Not entirely. Unmounting his horse, the rest followed-aside from Longstride, who had his own journey he had to pursue-and took his leave, John looked about. The small town wasn't anything he really could remember, aside from the small church on the hill. For some reason, he remember it. \"There.\" he pointed. Scarlett arched a brow; \"What about the church then? Looks rather middle-English, and poor no doubt.\" John shook his head to the Welshman, \"Shut it.\" was the only thing he said to the Welshman, before walking up the hill, A'Dayle and Scarlett not to far behind. \"Ya Welsh bastard.\" he grinned, before scoffing, now making his way up the hill. Ontop of the hill, he saw a man with a beekeepers hat on; but he did not know, nor-remember him. The trio made their way up the hill, and had eventually caught up with the man. Upon further inspection, John realized it was the town priest. \"This Nottingham?\" John asked. The priest perked his head; \"It's is. What be your pleasure gentlemen?\" he asked. \"You know where a man can get his some food and drink, Friar?\" A'Dayle had spoken up, speaking his truths-as Scarlett nodded in agreement. \"I do.\" the friar nodded; \"Tuck's the name. Beekeeping is the game.\" he grinned, \"-but it'll cost you-two gold pieces. Each.\" Scarlett and A'Dayle gave the friar their pieces, however John did not. John tilted his head to the Friar. The name sounded familiar, but he still couldn't place the man. Furrowing his brow a bit, John finally spoke; \"Do you know the Little's?\" he asked the Friar. Tuck perked a brow, he remember the name well. Violet played with the little Little boy all of the time. They were attached at the hip, inseparable. \"I did.\" he nodded, unsure of why the bigger man was asking. \"What's it to you?\" he questioned, now lifting the net from his beekeeping hat; to further inspect the man. \"What do ye know of 'em?\" John asked contently. Now moving about-around the horse, giving the Friar his two gold pieces-plus two more. Tuck looked at the four gold pieces the man had handed him, then looked back at him; \"Anything you want to know-.\" he paused, waiting for the man to state his name. \"John.\" he replied, with a nod. Tuck blinked a few times; that changed everything. \"Right this way gentlemen.\" he stated with a nod, before leading the men toward the abbey, \"-just so you know. Nothing's free-not even from the church. You work for your hospitality, but feel free to make yourselves at home.\" Tuck grinned; \"-if you need anything, you can ask me, or my daughter. We'll be glad to help, you gentlemen.\" Scarlett perked a brow, did the priest just say he had a daughter? What kind of priest was this man? \"A daughter? Mind ya sir, but your a priest. I thought you never-you know. Had sexual relations and the likes of such?\" Tuck gave the Welshman a unimpressed look; he knew he had to explain this to the men before him. \"I wasn't born a priest you know.\" the friar replied; \"-I had my fair share of fun and love, but that's not important. Not for the likes of you three.\" John tilted his head, when the friar said he had a daughter, it brought a curious smirk upon the face of the man. He remember the little girl-and a priest. Together, maybe this friar was somehow connected with the girl that haunted his mind? Turning to Scarlett, John shot the Welshman a glare; \"Don't ask stupid questions to a man of the cloth.\" he turned to Tuck, \"Sorry 'bout him, Friar. What do ye need help with?\" Tuck gave a small smirk; he knew what he needed to do. \"Dinner.\" he replied. Making her way to the kitchen, she peered into the pot of soup that her father had made a few hour earlier. Taking the wooden spoon out of the pot; she took a small sip. Yes, it needed potatoes. Badly. Making her way to the cabinet which held the potatoes, she opened it, before reaching up and grabbing one. Smelling the potato-out of habit-she took a look at it, before a small smile appeared on her face. It had brought back memories of her childhood; namely of her best friend-whom had moved ten years ago and she hadn't seen or heard of him since. Titling her head, she manage to gather up some fresh water from one of the buckets inside the kitchen, as she began to wash the potato. She vividly remembered the dark headed boy, 'It's your turn to watch Thomas, Violet.' that made a small chuckle appear on her face. \"Thomas?\" she said to herself, \"Couldn't we have picked a better name?\" she shook her head, before walking toward the cabinet, to gather up the kitchen knives. Then she heard her father calling her name as he entered the kitchen; \"This is my daughter, Violet.\" Tuck stated, as the brunette turned around, potato in hand. \"Violet, this gentlemen will be staying with us for a few days; make them feel welcome.\" the friar nodded. Violet nodded in agreement to her father, looking at each of the three men. She knew none of them. \"Keeping travelers again?\" she spoke to her father, whom nodded; \"Working for their stay, as well?\" she questioned, as he nodded.[Chapter 3] Arthor's Notes : Many thanks for the lovely reviews. Here's the next chapter. Enjoy. Oh and thought I'd mention; for all information I've gathered from the 'net and various books. Little John's actual name was 'John Little'. Just thought I'd mention that; and I wanted to add a bit more of Allan and Will in this. Violet remained in the kitchen as she continued to peel the potato in her hand. She gave the three men in the room just vague glances; not thinking much on their faces. She had figured they were just strangers passing through Nottingham-ones her father allowed to stay with them. She often thought her father thought the abbey was a bed and breakfast-instead of an actual church. \"Very well.\" she finally managed to say, turning her head to the gentlemen behind her-standing rather collectively in the doorway-as her father stood off to the side. \"Make them welcome. I'll be outside finishing up with the bees.\" Tuck motioned to the men, as he made his way between Scarlett and A'Dayle. John tilted his head, watching the Friar leave-as the Welshman situated his bow and quiver that laid loosely across his shoulders and on his back. \"So-what can we do to help ya Miss Violet, eh?\" he stated with a small smug grin. A'Dayle arched a brow at the Welshman's awkward attempt to be helpful. Since when was Will Scarlett ever helpful? Just a few nights before, he was put on watch-and that ended with them getting ambushed, and getting some of their things stolen. A'Dayle found this annoying and quite pathetic, but he was Longstride nephew-so he figured he HAD to be there. A'Dayle said nothing on the sort out-loud, and nodded politely in the brunette's direction. \"You can start by cleaning up over there.\" she pointed to the table which had a pile of dishes and things. She gave Scarlett a glance; before looking toward the other two. \"Anything you wish.\" Scarlett mused, before walking toward the table with a grin on his face. He had a thing with being overly friendly to cute girls he came across-but Violet however was not aware-nor did she care. A'Dayle looked toward John, as the Scotsman's eyes seem to be transfixed on the potato in her hand. John had found himself vaguely lost in his memories again-the little girl and the potato. He shook his head, he found it impossible for the idea that this was the same girl he barely recalled. A'Dayle looked toward the young woman, whom was arching a curious brow to the men. \"Is your friend alright?\" she asked, a bit in an amused tone; as A'Dayle's eyes drifted toward John-as he nudged the big Scot. John blinked out of his memory, at feeling A'Dayle's elbow nudge him; he shot him a glance then looked toward the friar's daughter; \"Aye. Fine.\" were the only words the Scotsman said to her, a A'Dayle shook his head. \"Good.\" Violet chuckled a bit, now finished with the potato. She placed the potato on the counter and turned around completely; wiping her hands on her dress, she wasn't a proper woman. She was just a farmer-a peasant. Meant for nothing but living a normal life; however she did hold standards. Her father made sure of that. He was over-protective and a bit overbearing of her; he rarely allowed anyone to court and woo her-feeling that none was good enough for his daughter. Violet looked toward A'Dayle and smiled; she looked the man over-and saw the musical instrument strapped across his shoulder; \"You play, sir?\" \"A bit. When I'm well and the muses call me.\" A'Dayle replied to her. Violet smiled a bit; before she could hear the ginger-haired Welshman humming behind her as he seemed to be the only one working. A'Dayle gave a small chuckle and shook his head at Scarlett's naive attempts to be helpful and friendly. He found them entertaining, and grinned; \"You doing okay there Will? Having fun doing women's work?\" he mused, before giving Violet an apologect look. \"Actually I am!\" Scarlet grinned, before Violet turned over her shoulder and arched a brow. She had noticed the biggiest of the trio of men, was not much of conversation. She found this odd; but John on the other hand kept finding himself stuck in his lost childhood memories. Violet shook her head, and turned to A'Dayle; \"You friend isn't one for conversation isn't he?\" A'Dayle shrugged; \"He's a quiet man.\" was the only words he spoke, as Scarlett re-approached his friends, bowing to Violet, taking her hand; grinning. Violet gave a confused look as A'Dayle scoffed a bit. \"I'll take him off yer hands, ma'am.\" he stated, before grabbing Scarlett's shoulder, and lead him out of the door. \"Hey! I was jus' bein' friendly with the lovely lady!\" he called, in confusion-as he was drug out of the kitchen and down the hallway. John stood there, tilting his head to the young woman called Violet. Standing there in awkward silence. What A'Dayle had said moments before was true, John was not one for conversation-unless it was something entertaining to him. Taking a deep breath, the managed to relax himself around the young lady. \"Ye need more help?\" he finally offered, taking a step forward. He paused for a long while, before managing to utter her name, un-surely; \"-Violet?\" he spoke in a question, wanting to make sure that was her name. Violet looked up toward the bigger man and nodded; to let him know that was in fact her name. She admitted to herself, that he was intimidating, but by the way he was standing there-he meant no harm to her. Taking a deep breath, she looked toward the door and then toward the man again. \"Your friends-namely the ginger-is strange.\" she shrugged her shoulders before walking past the big man. She hadn't realized he asked if she needed more help; and went to the peeled potato and began to chop it. She managed to catch glance of him nodding in agreement about her words toward the Welshman; she then finally answered his question; \"Not at the moment, no. If you wish to help, you can help peel a few more potatoes.\" she offered. Potatoes. That made John go back to thinking about his lost childhood; the one he did not recall clearly. Nodding to Violet; he walked toward the kitchen table, before picking up a new potato. \"Heh-potatoes.\" he mused with himself, before looking at it curiously. 'Thomas.' he recalled the little girl's voice ringing in his head. Violet looked toward the big man, and arched a brow-chuckling a tad. \"You seem rightfully amused with that potato-.\" she paused, then it hit her-she didn't ask for any of the men for their names. \"-what did you say your name was?\" John looked over toward the young woman and nodded; \"They call me Little John.\" he smiled a bit, \"-but I'm obviously not little.\" he said in a calmly amused voice. The smile present on his face read in numbers that he was not a 'big bad guy'; he was anything but. Violet perked a brow; \"What kind of name is that? 'Little John'?\" a small snicker escaped her lips; before looking toward him. She didn't think on the past at this moment, it didn't occur to her-the name 'Little John'; it just did not register for her. The name John Little did. John shook his head; \"No. Me name's John. Me mates call me Little John.\" he nodded to her, now picking up the medium sized knife and began to peel the potato in his hand. Violet's brow perked. \"John? Nice name.\" she nodded with a smile. Thinking on the little boy she once called her best friend. \"Very nice name.\" She didn't say much more on the name he given her, but the name held much importance to her. John. Yes, it was a nice name; the little boy she thought of had that name-the little boy she once called her best friend. John gave a faint smile to her and nodded; \"Aye, thank ye.\" He managed to finally peel the potato, before handing it to her. \"Yer name seems right nice too.\" His eyes narrowed in thought, once Violet's hand had took a hold of the potato. He washed over in thought-but only for a short second or two, before snapping out of his moment, looking toward her. As the moments progressed, they had peeled and placed the potatoes in the bowling pot of water. Violet tilted her head to the man known as John and nodded; \"That'll be all. Thank you for your help-John.\" she paused, as John nodded-before taking his leave. \"If ye need anythin'-\" he offered to her, as he stood in the doorway; hand firmly resting on the wooden door panel; giving her a friendly and calm nod. Violet perked her brow to him and smiled; \"I doubt I'll be needing anymore help in the kitchen, but thank you for the offer. Make yourself at home.\" A small smile appeared on the big Scotsman's face as he bowed his head and took his leave from the kitchen. Home. A place he longed for and a place he barely recalled. If there was anything Little John could actually recall from his childhood here in Nottingham, it was the little girl's face; her name-he did not recall, no matter how hard he tried to. He didn't remember. The only name he recalled was Thomas-and that was just a silly potato. A silly potato that would hold more importance to him that he realized. ","Summary":" Title : The Science of Memory. Character [ s ]: Read it. Pairings [ if any ]: John|OC [friendship]."},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Snow","Author":"mioneness","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3774503","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AdanMonroe pushed her bedroom window open, feeling the cold winter air gonstraight through her thin nightgown. She stuck her hand out tonlightly touch the falling snow, and then brought her shawl closernaround her. Oh how she missed Inman. Where was he? And why wasn'tnhe returning her letters? For all she knew, he could be dead by now,nbut she could not bear to think that. Even though she barely knewnhim, she felt love for him somehow. And so she continued to write tonhim, knowing that he wouldn't respond. Yet she still held hope thatnsomeday he would. And for that, she would wait. Even if years wentnby, she would still wait for him. Day after day. Hoping that one day,nshe would meet him again. And with that thought in mind, she slowlynclosed the window and went to write another letter. ","Summary":" AdanMonroe pushed her bedroom window open, feeling the cold winter air gonstraight through her thin"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Please Don't Remember My Name","Author":"Rory4","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2486913","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Please Don't Remember My Name A/n: Inman's thoughts as he leaves Aida Monroe for the Civil War. Yup, another one-shot for Cold Mountain. It took me awhile, but told you I'd be posting more. I don't know if this is any good, but I tried. Please review! Disclaimer : I own nothing Cold Mountain. I stare at my uniform on the bed. This is what I'll be wearing for God knows how long. They say no longer than a month, and I wonder how many more times I'll hear that. For some reason, I can't make myself put it on yet. Well, I might as well get on with it. I hear the shouts of soon-to-be soldier's right outside. I reach for the shirt, and freeze as a knock comes to the door. Probably one of the fellas comin' to tell me to get my ass movin'. I take the shirt with me, double tasking as I open the door. What I see isn't some scruffy man, but an angel. An angel with a halo of spun gold. My heart jumps and I slam the door. Hurry up and get decent, Inman! Before she goes! I open the door again just in time to see the swish of her skirts go around the corner. I shout for her to wait. She peeks her head around, and I find myself lost in her blue eyes. She looks nervous as she walks up to me, and stops inches away. I don't even notice she's holdin' anything in her hands, until she shoves it at me. I would've kept starin' at her, but she turns away and walks toward the shuttered windows. I open the book to read the title, and a small envelope falls out. Curious now, I carefully open it up and a photo falls out. It's of Aida, the woman that's occupied my dreams since she arrived on this mountain. She tells me she's not smiling in it, that she doesn't know how to hold one. I want to be the one to teach her how. I don't know if I ever will. I thank her for the book, as she tells me about it. It was the nicest thing anyone's ever done for me, getting me a book to remind me of home. And I know, whenever I read about these parts, I'll see her beautiful face in the sky. She starts to walk away, as silence falls over us. I have to do something; I can't let her go just yet. Not like this. So, without giving myself time to think about it, I call her name, honey on my tongue, grab her arm, and pull her to me. When my lips touch hers' it like somethin' I've never felt. And I've kissed many a southern belle before. I just intended it to be a quick peck, but instead I find myself filled with passion, and deepening it. I hold her close to me, so close she feels a part of me, and let my dreams become reality. I feel her trembling as she kisses me back with a shy passion of her own, as we sink to the ground hip to hip, chest to chest, and thigh to thigh. And then the peace that had come over me abruptly ends as a pair of young boys come runnin' by, shoutin' in excitement. I remember the war. My friend calls for me down in the line, and I grab the rest of my things, and slip on my hat. I give her one more bright-eyed glance, wanting to feel her lush lips one more time, and run down to join the rest of the men. I hear the shutters open and close frantically as she follows my every step. I can feel her eyes burning into my soul. As I take my place beside my comrades, and sling my pack over my shoulder, I look up at the house and find her leanin' out the window, starin' at me, close to tears. I smile, thinkin' it'll be the last time she'll see my face, and wantin' it to be a good image. I mentally photograph hers'. Her eyes, her hair, her lips, the feel of her satin skin. And then I turn away. Turn my back to her. I'll never do it again. I'll never turn my back on her again, I vow it. Lord, please don't let her remember my name, 'cause I'll always remember hers'. A/n: Well, there's my second Cold Mountain one-shot. What did you think? I'm not too sure… Rory4 ","Summary":" Please Don't Remember My Name A/n: Inman's thoughts as he leaves Aida Monroe for the Civil War. Yup"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Ruby's Thoughts","Author":"PetrichorFrazil","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8163048","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: A companion shot to my other Cold Mountain poem, Ada's Musings. Hope you enjoy! Motherless is the way I had grown up And I did all I could to try and catch-up. But you are the one who abandoned me And I had to be the one to toughen up. I had to take care of you, you see instead of you taking care of me. You were supposed to be my protector and did everything so that no one else could be. Now my life has just begun I've married and have a couple of children I have almost forgiven you for everything but it will take you a long time to be forgiven. ","Summary":" A/N: A companion shot to my other Cold Mountain poem, Ada's Musings. Hope you enjoy! Motherless is "},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Reviens Moi","Author":"Malicia Gil'Sayan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5267122","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Après lecture et visionnage de Cold Moutain, histoire écrite par Charles Frazier et mise en film par Anthony Minghella, je n'ai pas pu m'empêcher d'écrire ce qui suit. Mal ou bien, je le mets toujours ici, car il n'y a rien que je puisse en faire. Bonne lecture, évidement, les personnages et l'histoire originale ne m'appartiennent pas. Cher Mr. Inman, Cette lettre sera la dernière que vous recevrez, si toutefois vous avez reçu les autres. Je ne cesserai pas de vous écrire, j'ai l'impression que je le ferai toujours, mais je ne vous enverrai plus de lettres. Ainsi, la douleur d'attendre vos réponses qui ne viennent jamais me sera épargnée. Maintenant votre absence s'étend en termes d'années. Si vous n'aviez pas laissé ces traces, ces souvenirs, si fugaces certes, mais bien réels, je songerais sans doute n'avoir été la victime que d'un rêve. Celui de toute une vie peut-être, mais rien moins qu'une illusion. Mais ma peine est bien réelle. Le temps est bien réel. Je ne puis plus supporter de regarder la vieille horloge de notre salon. Qui voudrait regarder l'heure? Vous l'avais-je dit? C'est parce que je pense à l'horloge... Mon pauvre père est mort, c'était il y a des années me semble-t-il. Il s'est éteint sous la pluie, dans notre jardin qui a connu depuis l'abandon et le renouveau. La mort ne se contente pas des offrandes de la guerre, elle est venue répandre son poison jusqu'ici. Et j'ai le ridicule et égoïste espoir que, après qu'elle ait saisi ce que j'avais de plus cher jusqu'à notre rencontre, elle vous laisse en paix et aille tourmenter quelqu'un d'autre. ** Quand reviendrez-vous? Est-ce encore seulement possible? Pourquoi ne puis-je m'empêcher de vous écrire, de vouloir vous atteindre par mes mots, de vous sentir encore, de toucher quelque chose? Mais je sais bien qu'ils ne vous atteindront pas. La fatalité qui semble perdre mes lettres ressemble au vide qui étonne mes doigts lorsque je les tend inconsciemment, m'attendant à vous sentir sous ma main. Êtes-vous seulement encore en vie? Les mots ont-ils quelque pouvoir sur un cadavre? Et si vous mourrez, que deviendrais-je? Je me berce moi-même, je ne fais qu'écouter la litanie de mon cœur. Je ne fais que répéter des mots pâles à force d'être utilisés. Mon cri est toujours le même. Revenez-moi. Revenez-moi, je vous en prie. Revenez, c'est ma requête. ** Les nuits sont si froides ici. Vous rappelez-vous ce soir, sous le proche, devant la pluie? Que m'aviez-vous dit... des mots sans suite, comme les miens à présent... «Le ciel... de quelle couleur est-il? Ou... Un faucon en plein vol? Ou... Se réveiller et avoir mal aux côtes d'avoir pensé si fort à quelqu'un... Comment cela s'appelle t-il?» Comme j'aurais aimé vous répondre, comme je me maudis de ne l'avoir fait. L'amour est la chose la plus égoïste et la plus horrible du monde. Deux nouveaux amants pensent toujours le découvrir, alors que c'est vérité universelle pour ceux qui aiment. Un oiseau chante, et son chant semble n'avoir été créé que pour vous rappeler à moi. Votre photographie me suit, inconsciemment je l'emmène. Un jour de pluie, et c'est le message de ce soir-là que vous m'envoyez. Tout ne semble être là que pour me parler de vous, et je cherche à chaque instants mes douces tortures. Le soir, étendue seule, je ferme les yeux et je vous attends. Le travail à Black Cove semble plus difficile chaque jours, la ferme réclame des soins auxquels moi, pauvre fille des villes et des salons, je n'entends rien, même avec de l'aide. Et pourtant, je ne m'endors pas. Je tente de ramener la sensation de vos bras autour de moi, ce moment unique et si court où vous m'avez embrassée et étreinte, ce moment où vous m'avez dit plus sûrement que lors de cette soirée pluvieuse que vous m'aimiez. Comme un homme transi souffle sur des braises qu'il croit voir disparaître, je souffle sur les souvenirs pour les ranimer. Comment manquer de quelque chose que l'on n'a jamais possédé? Jamais vous ne m'avez serrée contre vous la nuit, jamais nous ne nous sommes endormis l'un dans les bras de l'autre, jamais vous n'avez caressé mes cheveux et jamais je n'ai pris vos mains dans les miennes, et pourtant je ressens l'absence de votre corps d'une manière fulgurante, comme si je m'étais habituée à vous, ou comme si je m'apprêtais à le faire. Le regret s'égale t-il au manque? C'est quelque chose que je n'ai jamais lu dans mes livres. Oh Inman, cela doit être, car ces deux sensations sont d'une violence non mesurable. Qui a donc parlé de la nostalgie comme d'un doux sentiment? Je regrette ma lâcheté, ma froideur et mon orgueil qui ont retenu mes bras, retenu mes lèvres, retenu mes larmes, qui ont empêché ces déclarations que je vous fais si tard. Je regrette cette guerre, votre départ, votre si longue absence. Mais qu'espériez-vous prouver en partant ainsi au combat? Comment avez-vous pu penser que votre place était à la guerre? Vous n'êtes pas fait pour ce monde de chaos, pas avec des lèvres si douces et des yeux si clairs. Je regrette tout ce que nous aurions pu avoir, vivre, tout ce qui nous a échappé, ces instants précieux et trop rares où nous aurions du serrer le poing sur les occasions, plutôt que de les laisser couler entre nos doigts gauches. Encore maintenant voyez-vous, je ne peux exprimer mon amour en toute simplicité. Ces quelques mots sembleraient prendre trop d'importance une fois sur le papier, ces sentiments écrits à l'encre noire dans toute leur force me feraient peur. ** Même si vous reveniez maintenant, je crains que cette séparation et les évènements nous aient tous deux changés au-delà du reconnaissable. Nous ne pourrions pas reprendre où nous en étions. Nous ne pourrions pas continuer comme avant. Je désire votre retour plus que tout, et c'est pourtant la chose qui m'effraie le plus au monde. Que ferais-je si je devais me retrouver en face d'un étranger? Si je ne vous reconnaissais pas... Non, je ne peux plus attendre. J'en ai assez de m'interroger sans cesse. Étranger ou pas, je veux vous revoir. A partir de quand peut-on considérer la mort d'un espoir? Quand j'aurai cessé de guetter le son de vos pas dans le couloir, quand mon cœur ne s'arrêtera plus de battre si une ombre monte sur le chemin qui mène à ici, quand je ne tremblerai plus en jouant vos airs de piano, cela signifiera t-il que j'ai renoncé à vous? Ou bien dois-je atteindre de mourir, à mon tour? ** Reviens-moi, je te le demande. Sleeping babe My shivering bones whisper Like earthquakes on my back Cos'I miss you ...Be careful about you little bird... Midnight Letter - Dionysos ","Summary":" Après lecture et visionnage de Cold Moutain, histoire écrite par Charles Frazier et mise en film pa"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"The Dream of Eden","Author":"Red Cloud Phoenix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2364397","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cold Mountain Cold Mountain- the place where Inman called home, and the place where everything began as the war slowly ended. Ada froze. The fear that settled in her heart was colder than any winter snow. She ran as fast as her legs allowed her on the icy path to Inman's side. Something was very wrong. He wasn't coming back. What was taking him so long? Boom . There went the sound. Everything she had feared resulted in one, single sound that made her heart start to hammer. \"Inman?\" She cried out loud, running toward the direction of the gunshot. She couldn't breathe. It was happening too quickly. It wasn't happening. For all she knew, this could all be a nightmare. Ten feet. She had made it up the hill in seconds. Now she could see Inman's body sprawled on the ground, eyes closed. Two feet. Ada wept, finally dropping next to her lover, placing her frigid hand on his chest. There, in the very center, his heart was beating. Ada smiled in relief. Inman was alive. She looked to where the blood was. Blood was protruding from the wound in his wrist. But from the looks of it wasn't a lethal blow. He would survive. \"Ada?\" His rich, deep voice was intact but dazed from the loss of blood. \"Don't you cry. I'm not gonna die, sweetheart. That ole bastard got me in the wrist, but it ain't that bad.\" \"Oh, thank God. Inman…\" \"I killed 'em.\" A smile spread on his lips. \"We're gonna be safe now. No Yankee bastard will ever come between us. They'll never come to Cold Mountain again…Never.\" \"Shhh…\" Ada took him in her arms and laid his head down in her lap. She stroked his golden curls soothingly. \"The war's over Ada. I feel like talkin'. Oh, Lord, I want to talk.\" Ada asked, \"What do you want to say, Mr. Inman?\" \"Since when do you call me 'Mr. Inman'? I'm tellin' ya, Ada, if you wanna be my wife then ya better start acting like it. Now that the war's over we're going to get married.\" Ada smiled. \"Yes, Inman.\" \"Good. So you're saying yes? That you'll live with me till we can't walk no more, for a hundred years? Good Lord, Ada, I love you. I'll build you a big house made of pine and cedar. We'll have flowers everywhere in the spring, fruit in the summer, acorns in the fall, snow in the winter…it'll be real pretty, Ada. But I think you'll always be the brightest, most beautiful thing than all of the seasons…\" Ada rocked him back and forth. \"Sleep.\" Inman closed his eyes, and fell into a deep, drunken sleep of happiness. In his dream he dreamt of Cold Mountain, his home. He dreamt of his journey, what he had risked to go back to Cold Mountain. He saw torrential pours pouring down onto the earth. Every dead soul was washed away, every ounce of evil and filth. He saw a river of crystal clear water, not bloodstained like the Battle of Gettysburg, but pure, holy water. The icy crystals from the mountains thawed and flowed into the rivers. It was spring again; it was only the beginning. He saw a house in those mountains, Ada waiting inside for him with supper. Inman was covered in sweat from working in the fields, and he was tired. His muscles ached. But Ada always made things better. He saw him and Ada, together, living life like the cycle of seasons all through eternity. In Cold Mountain, where his home was. ","Summary":" Cold Mountain Cold Mountain- the place where Inman called home, and the place where everything bega"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Ada's Musings","Author":"PetrichorFrazil","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8123185","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Had to write something for an English presentation so I thought that I might as well post this. I have also written a companion fic on Ruby's thoughts in the form of a poem. Hope you enjoy! I was raised to be lively and attentive company And hence I was able to live life comfortably Yet now that you are gone I go through each day alone and reluctantly Father I would have followed you come what may But you have unknowingly led me astray I'm forced to admit that I don't know the skills to survive And from now on every day will be a working day You tried to keep me as a child Yet now the resentment I held for you is mild I am now part of a family and have gained independence And I no longer feel isolated in the wild ","Summary":" A/N: Had to write something for an English presentation so I thought that I might as well post this"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Beneath the Apple Tree","Author":"Mr. Crash","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2441045","Passage":"[Chapter 1] beneath the apple tree Inman rounded the bend in the dirt road; and suddenly, one of the most fantastically beautiful sights he had ever witnessed shocked him into non-movement. Stretching far off into the distance was an orchard of apple trees. Typically, Inman might have felt depressed by such a sight, for surely they would have belonged to some rich businessman; and no doubt that this businessman had fences and dogs and all manner of dangerous objects set out to guard such a treasure as an apple orchard. But this grove of trees was clearly wild and free. There were no tall fences, and no prowling dogs; the trees were not arranged into neat rows, designed to allow slaves to walk amongst the towering plants and pluck the rich, red rubies from the boughs of the tree; rather, they were located randomly about the field. Inman took a hesitant step towards the field, unable to believe his good fortune. Lately, more than ever, he had grown so sick and weary of the wild dogs, of the incessant insects, of the roving Home Guard patrols which looked for an excuse to kill him that he could not imagine a sight more welcome than this orchard. He took another step, and another, until he was sprinting towards the trees. He ran to the base of the nearest one, reached up, and pulled down an apple. It was huge, ripe, and rich; he bit into it. The apple was the sweetest thing he had ever tasted. He ate three apples before collapsing, contented, to the ground. He propped his traveling gear behind his head and rested at the foot of the tree. He hadn't felt this at ease in a long time. With a yawn, he drifted off to sleep. Hours later, when the sun was some distance past its zenith, the sound of galloping hooves awoke Inman. His eyes snapped open. There, approaching on the road, three men on horses. With no time to hide, Inman calmly and casually reached into his pocket. His palm closed around the cool metal of his pistol; he carefully thumbed back the hammer. –You there! called the lead rider. Inman didn't move. Get up! Carefully, slowly, Inman rolled to face the men. He did not rise. The men trotted their horses nearer and sidled up beside Inman. Each man held a long rifle in one hand while grasping the reins of his horse with the other. Inman spied, stitched onto each man's sleeve, the stars and bars of South. –Who are you? demanded the lead man. –Just a weary traveler, responded Inman. The three men exchanged glances, and then nodded. –You're under arrest for desertion of the Confederate Army. Inman blinked, his face not betraying any internal emotions. He remained silent. –Didn't you hear me? I said that you're- There was the crack of thunder as Inman jerked his finger and fired his pistol. The bullet struck the man who was talking in the chest; with a cry, he tumbled off the side of his horse. Before the two other men had an opportunity to respond, Inman pulled the gun out of his pocket. He smashed the hammer back down with the flat of his palm, fired a second time, and then cocked the gun a third time before taking aim and shooting at the third member of the Home Guard. Each man had tumbled off his horse, and the animals had galloped off, terrified by the sound of the six-shooter. A shame, Inman thought to himself. He could make wonderful time if he could get his hands on such a fine creature as an Army regulation horse. He moved slowly over to the three downed men. The first two were clearly dead; one with a wound in his chest, the other shot through the belly. But the third man was groaning and moving slightly. Inman walked over to him, and flipped him onto his back. The man had taken a bullet through the shoulder. A painful wound, and it would likely rob him of movement in that limb for months, but he was sure to live. Inman placed his hands on his knees and stooped over him. –You have any cigarettes? he asked. The injured man just muttered some incoherent nonsense. Inman repeated his request. –Yeah, mumbled the man. In my coat pocket. Don't kill me. Inman unbuttoned the man's wool coat and rifled through the pockets there. He soon uncovered a fine cigarette case. He opened it and discovered a half dozen cigarettes and just as many matches. He closed the case and flung it back towards his traveling sack. –Come on, spoke Inman. Up you go. He grabbed the man's uninjured arm and pulled him up. The man rose to his feet, staggering. Inman walked him to the dirt path. –Now, there's a town about three miles down that way, he said, pointing. Just keep on walking, and you'll be fine. They have a hospital there. The man started to walk off in the direction indicated to him. Inman reached out, grabbed the man by his healthy shoulder, and spun him around. He gripped the man by the lapels of his jacket and pulled him close, until their faces were nearly touching. –If I find you coming back for me, I won't shoot you in the arm. I'll shoot you in the head. He wrapped his hands around the wound and squeezed. The man let out a gasp of pain and grimaced. –Now go. Get out of here. Don't come back. He turned the man around and pushed him down the road. The man walked off at a slow pace. Once the soldier was out of sight, Inman made his way back to his traveling bag. He tucked the cigarette case into the folds of the sack; he then reached up and brought down four of the biggest, juiciest looking apples he could find, and placed these in his bag as well. He would've taken more, but they would not have fit. As Inman set off on the road, he felt no sympathy for the two dead men who were now sprawled between the trees of the orchard. The Home Guard was not interested in returning men to the Confederate Army; they were interested in exerting their wills over the lives of others. They knew nothing of Inman; they merely guessed at his desertion. They were simply looking for an excuse to arrest him. They would've arrested Robert E. Lee if they had discovered him resting beneath the apple tree. Rejuvenated and revitalized, Inman made his way southwards down the dirt road. ","Summary":" beneath the apple tree Inman rounded the bend in the dirt road; and suddenly, one of the most fanta"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Our Story","Author":"Drusila MARIANA Splendor Peru","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2610843","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just a fewnword That'snall we crossed But it wasnenough To fall innlove You leftnme alone You changenme for a war Butnplaying your songs Yournremind kept on - I thinknthe same But itnwasn't fair Cause evennthough I neverncould As hard asnI try To forgetnyou While Inwrote you letters That gotnlost, never appear - Ada andnInman Are ournnames And onlynin one night We forgotnthe past Tonconceive a girl Yournliving portrait Who I'llnalways love As much asnI love you 0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0 I know what u must be thinking. How dare tonpublish \" THAT \"? Well, I actually don't know. ButnI'd be pretty happy if u people sent me a review. It doesn'tnmatter what it says cuz you'll probably tell about a thousand ofnhorrendous things I've done in my intent of poetry. Pleasenforgive my writing. In know it got to be insulting but if you couldnhelp me by telling me my faults I'd really appreciate that. Thanksnfor reading. P.S.: Inalso know the \"poem\" doesn't tell the true about the story innthe second paragraph, it was a recent change, but what I had wrotenbefore didn't sound good to me. ","Summary":" Just a fewnword That'snall we crossed But it wasnenough To fall innlove You leftnme alone You chang"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Adas words","Author":"sara Kristina","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2938694","Passage":"[Chapter 1] disclaimer: I own nothing, cold mountain. do i wish i did \"Inman. My Inman. Where are you? I haven't heard from you in 3 years. Not a days goes by whitout me thinking of you.It makes me wonder if i've lost my mind. I dont know you! We haven't said much to eachother, but i van remember every word like they were spoken a minute ago. I can remember every line in your face like youre standing infront of me right now. Everybody tells me to move on. They tell me you're as good as gone. That i should forgett about you. They tell me to do exactly what you said i would do. But forgetting about you is as hard to do as to forgett how to breath. As far as i know that is impossible to do, right? I pray every day for you. I pray you will come back to me. Maybe thats selfish of me? You are out there fighting for what you belive in. I guess that makes me selfish, I think it is stupid. I just want you here with me. By my side. I hope you haven't forgotten about me . Inman.\" Forever yours. Ada Monroe. ","Summary":" disclaimer: I own nothing, cold mountain. do i wish i did \"Inman. My Inman. Where are you? I haven"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Life Alone","Author":"fbi-woman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3417881","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : LifenAlone Author : fbi-woman Rating : K / PG ornwhatever Type : Cold Mountain, about Ada Spoilers :nNone really if you kind of know what the movie is about Disclaimer : Inown nothing and I'm not claiming to. This is just an original workninspired by a character. Summary : It's kind of a littlenthing about Ada, after Inman leaves for the war and her father dies,nbut before Ruby arrives. A/N : Um, yeah, Inwas bored in class again lol. I started this in Swahili, and finishednit in biology. Sadly I was flamed the other day on another one of mynpoems for supposedly torturing humanity with my terrible writing, sonhopefully you all survive this, and at least a few of you enjoy it. ---------------------------- Long, golden hair Frames an angelic face A creature of beauty And ethereal grace In this gorgeousnexpanse Under clouds of despair Her life lies in pieces She cannot repair The mountains gaze down And give no consolation Hopes, dreams, andnletters Her only salvation Lost and confused Motivation wears thin Unprepared for thenworld She finds herself in She fights her own war Of survival alone Trapped in the shell Of what used to be home She wears a brave face With the townsfolk innsight But she can't fightnthe tears That fall in the night Long, lonely days Pass by in a blur She prays for hernsoldier To come home to savenher Running on empty Little fight left tongive Her belief in her lover Is her only incentive Loss and frustration Leave her distressed All she has now Is a desperate request I'm lost without you Please hear my plea I need you to be here Come back to me ","Summary":" Title : LifenAlone Author : fbi-woman Rating : K / PG ornwhatever Type : Cold Mountain, about Ada S"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Now You're Gone","Author":"LimitedByCreativity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4322452","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Cold Mountain Okay…I am very new to this Fanfiction, since I only saw the movie for the first time yesterday. :D I was going to do, like, an alternative ending, but I don't think I could get the ending any better then the amazing writers did, so I decided to write a oneshot about Ada after Inman died (which was utterly depressing; I almost cried) and when she had the baby. So, enjoy! Now You're Gone Ada didn't know how long she lay in the snow, holding Inman's cold body close. She kept her face buried in his shoulder; wishing she could turn back time. Wishing she could have her Inman back. Her face was still wet with tears, although she'd finally run out of any more to cry. She clung to the few memories she had of the man she loved, and she tried to forget the sight of him staggering to the ground, and the blood staining the crisp white snow. \"Ada? Ada ?!\" Ada raised her head at the sound of Ruby's voice. She blinked groggily. The sky was darkening, and she could make out the figure of Ruby slipping down the slope, Georgia behind her. Ruby took in the sight before her, her eyes wide. Ada sat up stiffly, still holding onto Inman. \"Come on, hon. Let's get you away,\" Ruby whispered soothingly, bending down and putting her hand on Ada's shoulder. Ada protested weakly, fresh tears building in her blue eyes. Ruby sighed and helped Ada to her unsteady feet. Georgia stood by helplessly; unsure of what to do. \"You'd better find that horse and my daddy, Georgia,\" Ruby told him, \"We gotta bring Inman back now.\" Georgia nodded silently and ran back up the slope. Ada let go of Ruby and staggered to a nearby rock, sitting on it. \"I'm sorry, Ada,\" Ruby said, looking at Inman's body, \"I'm so very sorry,\" Ada didn't respond, wiping furiously at her wet cheeks. Ruby looked sympathetically at her friend. After four years of waiting, she'd only got one night with the man she loved. \"He'll be with you again one day,\" Ruby smiled, \"Someday,\" Ada said in a hoarse voice, \"This wasn't supposed to end like this.\" Ruby's face fell, \"I know,\" Ada looked up at her young friend, \"I love him, so much. I always will,\" Ruby leant on the rock beside her friend and wrapped an arm around her shoulders, \"I know, Ada. I know he meant the world to you. You always talk about him. You used a picture of him as a bookmark. You—\" \"I know, Ruby,\" Ada sighed, \"I got my chance to see him again, and because of me he'd dead,\" Ruby looked, appalled, at her friend, \"You cannot blame yourself, Ada!\" \"But it's true!\" Ada cried, \"He became a Deserter just to see me again,\" \"Cos he loved you! And that was his choice, and he wouldn't want you blaming yourself, okay?\" Ruby said. Ada nodded meekly and buried her face in her hands, sobbing violently. Ruby pulled Ada into a comforting embrace, and there they stood until Georgia came back with their horse, ready to take Inman back to Black Cove Farm. \"Ada! You up?\" Ada moaned as she heard Ruby's insistent knocking on her bedroom door. Ruby had lain off getting Ada up for four months after the death of Inman, and now she had decided enough was enough. Ada sat up slowly, looking around the dark room. Ruby was still knocking, and Ada knew she wouldn't grow tired for a while, so she crawled out of her bed and flung open the door. \"Good, you're up!\" Ruby beamed. \"You don't expect me to do any work, do you?\" Ada asked sharply, eyes narrowed. Ruby looked keenly at her friend; Ada's pretty face was tired and drawn, her eyes sullen and her hair falling limply down her back. Her eyes were red and puffy; she had obviously been crying again. \"Course I don't,\" Ruby said warily eyeing Ada's abdomen, \"You're just the only one in this house who can cook a proper meal, and me, Georgia and my daddy are getting hungry,\" Ada shook her head, \"I can't fathom the idea of cooking right now, Ruby,\" Ruby scowled, \"I don't really care what you can't 'fathom' , Ada. What's important to me is you getting downstairs and feeding yourself – and this one!\" Here, she pointed an accusing finger at Ada's belly, which was gently swollen with Inman's and her child. Ada put on protective hand on her stomach. \"We're both fine,\" she said, \"What I need is some time alone to mourn the man I love!\" \"Four months ain't enough mourning time?\" Ruby asked, \"Ada. You're killing yourself. I've had to practically force-feed you, and I don't want to see you die. I already helped you bury a brave, and pretty good man, and I refuse to lower you six feet under!\" Ada's face had paled considerably more, if possible, and she covered her mouth with her hand, muttering an apology to Ruby and racing to the bathroom. Ruby sighed and muttered something under her breath, heading to check if she was alright. A moment later, Ada came out the bathroom. Instead of heading for her bedroom, she smiled slightly at Ruby and started to walk downstairs. Ruby grinned triumphantly and followed with a spring in her step. To say Stobrod and Georgia were surprised to see Ada come downstairs, dressed in a baggy nightdress that flowed gently over her stomach, with a floral pattern dressing robe on, was an understatement. They stayed silent as she set about cooking, listening as she began humming to herself. Ruby followed her down, a self-satisfied smirk on her face. \"Mornin', Daddy. Mornin', Georgia,\" she beamed, sitting down beside Georgia and giving him a kiss. The only time in the last month or so that Ada came out of her room was when Georgia and Ruby got married, and then she was still skinny, therefore not worried about fitting into a dress. \"So, how about we go for a walk after breakfast?\" Ruby asked, as Ada set breakfast plates in front of them. Ada immediately stiffened and shook her head, \"I-I can't, Ruby,\" \"Why not?\" Georgia asked, dumbly. Ruby shot him an evil glare, and Ada stammered, \"I can't fit into my dresses anymore,\" Georgia went red and ducked his head, while Ruby looked up at her friend, \"I made you a dress, Ada. To fit over that growing kid o' yours,\" Ada blushed slightly, \"I appreciate that, Ruby, but…I can't be seen like this,\" \"What? Pregnant? That's a natural thing for a woman, sweetie,\" Ruby chuckled. \"Sure,\" Ada rolled her eyes, \"An unwed, pregnant, daughter-of-a-vicar. That'll raise a few eyebrows,\" Ruby sighed and got to her feet, helping Ada serve the food, \"I know, but you've been the talk to the village for a while, hon. First off, everyone was asking how you were because you looked so depressed at Inman's funeral. Then, they began gossiping,\" Ada frowned, sitting down, \"Oh, boy,\" \"You bet. They knew you were pregnant before you did,\" Ruby chuckled, as they began to eat. \"I can't go out, Ruby!\" Ada insisted, shaking her head, \"I'm a mess,\" \"Not even to visit Inman's grave?\" Ruby tempted, one eyebrow arched. Ada raised her head, brow furrowed. \"I don't know…\" Ruby shrugged, \"Oh, well. You're going anyway,\" Ada had never felt so self-conscious as she and Ruby headed towards the village's graveyard. The dress had fitted snugly over Ada's stomach, yet it did nothing to hide it. Ada wore a large sunhat, tied neatly under her chin, in hopes of not being recognized. Unfortunately, as the two walked through the village, she found that everybody recognized her, and everybody stared. She lowered her head, humiliated, and for once managed to keep up with the energetic Ruby, who usually stormed ahead. By the time they reached the gravesite, Ada was tired and had to stop and catch her breath several times. Ruby ran ahead to find Inman's grace, and Ada followed at a slower pace. \"Here we are, Ada!\" Ruby called, standing in front of a large grey stone sticking out from the ground, reading William Peter Inman on it. Ada didn't read the rest of it as she suddenly began giggling, tears sparkling in her eyes. \"What's so funny?\" Ruby asked, puzzled. \"William Peter Inman…y'know, I claim to love this man, and am having his child, yet I didn't even know his first name,\" Ada said in a choked voice, \"I always called him 'Inman'.\" Ruby nodded, sympathetically as some tears rolled down Ada's face, \"I know, Ada. Sometimes, the heart doesn't care what you know or don't know. I mean, I don't even know Georgia's real name; to be honest, I don't need to,\" Ada smiled, wiping the tears from her cheeks, \"I didn't need to know Inman's first names either. He'll always be Inman. My Inman,\" Ada sighed and bent down, placing the flowers she'd picked from their garden in front of the gravestone. She turned her torso to look pointedly at Ruby, who was examining her mucky nails. Ruby looked up and saw Ada's face. \"Oh, sorry,\" she muttered, before heading further down the path. Ada turned back to the gravestone and gave a watery smile. \"Oh, Inman,\" she whispered, \"I can't believe I'm back here again. Waiting on a ghost. Although, this time, I know you're not coming back. I wish it weren't true, but it is,\" Ada placed her hands on her stomach and let a few more tears roll down her cheeks, \"All I have left of you now is this baby. Our child; and I'm gonna raise it with only good stories about you. Although we only knew each other a short while, I loved you and I know you loved me. We had our moments, right?\" Ada's smiled grew as she remembered something Inman had said, \"Our moments…like a little bag of diamonds, remember?\" Ada gently kissed her hand and placed it on the stone, her fingers lingering over his name. She then got to her feet, dusting off the skirt of her dress, and headed in the same direction as Ruby. Ada refused to be embarrassed anymore. She was pregnant and unmarried; so what? At least she loved the father of her baby, and this child was created out of love and not out of pressure to reproduce. Ada paused a moment, reaching into the pocket of her skirt and pulling out her picture of Inman. It was the only picture she had of him. She traced the lines of his face with her finger, strolling further down the path. \"Another push, Ms. Monroe! It's almost here!\" Ada leant forward again, clutching tightly onto Ruby's hand and screaming in agony as another contraction ripped through her entire body. The midwife, Clara, had been keeping an eye on Ada in church when her waters had broken. She had been rushed to her home, along with Ruby. Georgia and Stobrod had been banned from the house until the baby had arrived. Suddenly, the cries of a baby screaming filled the air. Ada looked up, blue eyes alive with happiness as Clara held up a baby; a little girl. \"Oh my goodness,\" Ruby whispered, her own eyes sparkling with tears of joy. \"It's a beautiful baby girl,\" Clara whispered, as Ruby cut the umbilical cord. Clara cleaned the child up with water, and wrapped her in a blanket, before handing her over to her sobbing mother. \"She's gorgeous,\" Ada gasped, smiling down at the baby. \"And she's all yours,\" Ruby cooed, stroking the baby's cheek. Then, she sat up straight. \"I'd, um, better go let the men back in, huh?\" Ada nodded as Ruby left the room, not taking her eyes of her daughter. \"What're you going to call her?\" Clara asked as she began to clean up the room. \"Grace,\" Ada answered, \"Because, by the grace of God, I have a beautiful daughter,\" \"Grace Monroe,\" Clara grinned. \"No,\" Ada said suddenly, \"Grace Inman. She's an Inman,\" Clara nodded sadly; \"I can see why you want to name her after young W.P. Such a loss,\" Ada nodded in agreement, \"But he'll always be with us, now. In my daughter; and in my heart,\" Clara smiled at the sweet sight, \"Of course. Well, I'd best be letting you get some rest. I'll pop back in later,\" Clara looked around the room once more, checking the baby's bed was right beside Ada before leaving her. Ada pressed a kiss to Grace's head. \"See this, Inman?\" she whispered, looking up, \"Our baby girl,\" And, just for a second, Ada could've sworn she felt his presence by her side, his bright blue eyes taking in his daughter, and his arm around Ada. She could've sworn she heard him whisper, \"I'll love you both for eternity. I'll keep my eye on my two girls,\" And with that, he was gone. Ada smiled. She no longer felt like she couldn't go on without Inman. She knew she would see him again one day, and she knew he would watch over them all. She felt an added sense of security. She kissed Grace's head again. \"Your daddy loves you, Gracie,\" Ada giggled, \"He loves us both,\" Wow, that's long 0.o. Anyways, I hope you enjoyed this! I know some bits were probably bad, but I'M ONLY HUMAN: ) Review! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Cold Mountain Okay…I am very new to this Fanfiction, since I only saw the m"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Snowflake Thoughts","Author":"fbi-woman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3672444","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : SnowflakenThoughts Author : fbi-woman Rating : K / PG ornwhatever Type : Cold Mountain Spoilers : Don'tnread if you haven't seen the movie lol. Disclaimer : Inown nothing and I'm not claiming to. This is just an original workninspired by a movie. Summary : A poem about what Ada mightnbe thinking when she's looking out her window at the snow. A/N :nI still really hate not having my poems rhyme lol. This is also for ancontest on one of my forums, so please let me know what you think.nAnd please, try to be constructive, even if you hate it. Flamingnisn't going to help. ---------------------------------- I watch the crystallinensnow descend Softly falling,nsilently landing Concealing my barrennworld I open the bedroomnwindow Let the snow dance onnmy skin Gather strength from mynicy breaths I hear the sound ofnmovement below Life still goes on Despite my aching soul I won't join themnjust yet There is work to bendone But my heart is weak I am slowly adjustingnto the new life I have But each day I wonder Just how I go on I pick up my book tonfind the answer And there you are And then I know I wonder if you havensurvived out there Would you remember mynname? Could you still feelnour kiss? I may not have know younfor very long But those few treasurednmoments Are fixed in my mind I pray for thisnfighting to come to an end And bring your safenreturn Yet fear of the worstnlingers on I try my best to banishnthose thoughts But the time drags on Dividing and changingnus both I sigh and accept thenday that's ahead Hoping peace comes And you find your waynhome ","Summary":" Title : SnowflakenThoughts Author : fbi-woman Rating : K / PG ornwhatever Type : Cold Mountain Spoi"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"A Yellow Rose","Author":"Sandra Athrenael","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2098755","Passage":"[Chapter 1] a/n: This is a story based on the small fragment of a tale from pages 131-134 in \"Cold Mountain\" by Charles Frazier. I was reading the book and this story hit me, and I became enthralled. Although it's only a 3 page story, it spells out someone's life, a tragic story of true love that wasn't accepted, and it could make up a book in itself. I thought it was wrong that it was confined to those three pages, so I'm expanding it. I hope you enjoy, and I am not trying to make money off of this, I don't own anything, and I'm using my own style of writing, not trying to copy Frazier's, so don't compare me to him. XD (loving you Shannon) Sandra ","Summary":" a/n: This is a story based on the small fragment of a tale from pages 131-134 in \"Cold Mountain\" "},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Time Stands Still","Author":"Rory4","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2256861","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Time Stands Still A/N : Hello. This is my first shortstory for this site and my first story for Cold Mountain . I'm not sure if this is any good. The movie was the best one I've seen in a long time. It was bittersweet and beautiful. I hope I did it a little justice. o.O Disclaimer : I own nothing Cold Mountain . I hear gunshots and my heart stops. For a minute time stands still. And then I see the black crows. The omen from my vision in Sally's well. I don't think, I just scream your name in terror. A hard fist in my stomach just tells me that something terrible has happened to you, Inman. I run. I run as fast as my sweetly-sore legs can carry me. A dozen thoughts and memories dance through my mind in the moments it takes for me to reach you. To see your black silhouette stumble towards me and fall. I see your hands gliding over my body, I feel them. I see your eyes darkened with passion and love. I see your smiling face. I feel your warm lips upon my own. I hear your deep, firm voice. \"No. No I will not.\" Will not what Inman? Turn away from me? Then what are you doing now? You're turning away from me, you're leaving me. Please don't leave me, Inman. I need you, lord, I need you so much. I love you Inman, I've no doubts about that now. How I wish it were last night again. How I wish I could still be safely wrapped in your arms. I long for last night, Inman. I long for this all to be a nightmare, when only yesterday it was the sweetest dream I've ever had. I yearn to feel you inside me, Inman. I yearn to be back in that little world we created for only us two. I even wish for it to be this morning, when I woke beside you with sweetly-sore limbs. Everything aches now, Inman. But not sweetly. Horribly. Worse than even that. Worse than the day I watched you march off to war and away from me. Then I had only the fear of you dying. Now I see you dying. I fall to my knees beside your limp body. I have no strength left. I touch your cold cheek and my heart jumps in despair. You're slipping away from me, Inman. Every second that passes, you're gone from me more. There's so much blood. And it's all yours. I wish it were my own. I wish I was the one in pain and not you. You're whispering something to me. I have to lean close to your mouth to hear. You got him back. Who? Who did you get back, Inman? The last of those monsters? You killed him. I can almost read your thoughts. But the bastard didn't die without taking one more life. Yours. Why, God? Why are you taking him from me? Why do you take everything from me? Wasn't my father enough? Your eyes are glazed over now. You're slipping further away. Please hold on just a bit longer. Give me a few more moments with you. Don't leave me yet, Inman! Don't you dare! I'm soaking in every last second with you. This is the last time I will feel your heart beat under my hand, or see your eyes open to gaze into mine. The last time I will ever feel you kiss me. I see the fear in your eyes. I don't want you to be afraid. So I kiss you and tell you it's okay, that I love you. In my kiss is the silent permission for you to go. Just go, Inman. I don't think I can bear another moment of this. Of wondering which breath is your last. Of eagerly counting each of your sluggish heartbeats. Of hearing you hiss in pain. Just go, Inman. Go to heaven. Be my angel now. I kiss you until there is no trace of you left. And then I lay immobile over your cold shell, trying to imagine that you're still alive. That we're only in bed after making love. I cry until there is nothing left, until I am numb. And I find myself thinking once again, Come back to me, Inman. Come back. A/N : Eh, not that good. But hey, I tried. Please tell me what you think! I'd really appreciate it. Rory4 ","Summary":" Time Stands Still A/N : Hello. This is my first shortstory for this site and my first story for Col"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"A Ghost in His Clothes","Author":"Deepy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1992193","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Well, this isnscene in the book and in the movie where Inman was laying with Sara. nI always wondered what she was thinking during this scene, and if itnsucceeded in comforting her. Now, I took a bit of liberties andnmixed the scene with the one in the book and the one in the movie. nHope no one minds, but I thought that Inman holding her was a nicentouch, and was comforting to the both of them. I hope everyonenapproves! A Ghost innHis Clothes \"If I was to ask younto come over here and lay in bed with me but not do a thing else,ncould you do it?\" She did not know whatnmade her ask him to do it for her. Something that wasn't right,nsomething that would probably seem crazy, foolish even. This man wasnonly a stranger she hardly knew. And yet, it had been so long sincena man had been in the house, had slept in the very same house. nSomehow, it brought a sense of well being, of warmth by havingnanother being inside this house. Someone she could possibly talk to,nsomeone to let her know that she was safe, that she had never beennalone. It felt like she had lived alone in this house forever, evennwith the baby, she couldn't shake that feeling within her. Everynday now seemed to stretch as far as a lifetime. It seemed like such anlifetime ago, when life seemed to have opened up to her, and thatnanything was possible. She had imagined her new life with John,nworking beside him tending to the crops and to the animals. Raisingna family in what had seemed like a beautiful place so long ago. nGrowing old with him. She had once had a dream, of the two of them,nsitting on the front porch of this house. They were old in thatndream and watching the sunset. He had a book upon his lap and shenwas knitting some garments for their grandchildren. Now, this placenwas her prison, this house a frequent reminder of what could havenbeen, a curse placed upon her. It was this awful warnthat had taken John from her, that had sent her into solitude, andnthat had ruined the perfect life she had imagined. There was never anday that she cursed this war, cursed the false ideals, and most ofnall, cursed God for taking him away from her. He had never donenanything wrong, he did not want to go to war. He had wanted what shenwanted, to live in this beautiful place in peace and to have anfamily. But life never gives us what we want, because here she was,nalone, with their son, trying to survive day by day. All this she told thenstranger laying beside her, a stranger wearing John's clothes. Henwas silent in listening to her tale. And with each word that camenout, she felt the sorrow slightly lifted. She talked until her voicenwas sore and cracked, until the tears threatened to consume her, thentears that bore those memories of long ago, of a simpler time. Andnhe was silent throughout, though she could see he was sad. His eyesnwere wistful, as if he was also remembering something from long ago. nDid he have a love at home also? Was she waiting anxiously for him? His arm suddenlyncircled her shoulder. She relaxed, her hand came up to lay flat uponnhis chest. It had been so long since she had lain with a man, sonlong since she had been held like this. And so long since she hadnmade love to one. John had been her first and he would be her last,nshe would never ask it of this stranger. Not even for a taste ofnlove, or even something close. Something to remind her of what shenhad felt once, a long time ago. No, tonight, having thenwarmth of someone beside her was enough. He would be her comfort,nand she would be his. And if she closed her eyes, she could almostnimagine that it was John who lay beside her now, whose breath shencould feel upon her forehead, who was holding her so closely. Whosenwarmth she could feel through her nightgown. It was a ghost of him,na ghost in his clothes, who had come back to her. Yes, she couldnallow herself to think this. She could allow herself to pretend, ifnonly for a night, even if the sorrow would begin anew in the morning.n Because only in pretending can she find any solace tonight. ","Summary":" A/N: Well, this isnscene in the book and in the movie where Inman was laying with Sara. nI always w"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"My Big Fat Cold Mountain","Author":"quillboy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2237419","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The gun felt cold andnnatural in his hand. Too natural. He had shot something out ofnhimself in the war, that was for sure. All those men trying to killnhim, but he killed them instead. There was truth in that simplicity,nfor it could have been him, dead, he was a bullet or a rifle stock tonthe head away from that the whole time. When the lead was flying itnwas no special gift to not catch a bullet. Then what? Dumb luck? nFate? It didn't matter. He wasnalive right now, alive with his tool of trade in his hand. The menncamped below, bounty hunters, scavengers of the war. Sure, they werenon opposite sides now, but they were kindred in much deeper ways. Nonhome to speak of, making their life from others death. He could hatenthem for trying to bring him in or kill him, sure, but he couldn'tnhate who they were. He understood them, and they would surelynunderstand him. However things went down, he thought, there would benno hard feelings. Only the living and the dead, They had all lostnsomething in the war. It would be some time before peace andnrebuilding restored the soul to this land. Until then the gun stillnruled this part of the wilderness. The gun and the savage wickednessnof men with no special code or law to govern them. Did they know he wasnhere? Did they know he was close? They had tracked him this far,nbut did they know he was the type of man who couldn't abide a gun onnhis trail? Who would sooner turn and fight then let some stupidnanxiety gnaw at him? Out here, so far fromnhome or life or civilization, he was the man with nothing to lose. nNothing but a dream of a far off home, and a woman - would shenrecognize him? Accept him? Or see him for what he was, and fear thennatural way the gun came to his hand, knowing that such a life couldnonly end one way, that one day it would be his turn to catch anbullet. Maybe today. It would bena day that brought peace. Unless he could find peace before a bulletnfound him. Maybe. But that seemed so far away. This was thenbusiness at hand. The business he was trying to run away from,ntrying to separate himself from, but deep down, he knew what he was. nThe war had seen to that. Or maybe it was something in him allnalong. Maybe one day he could put himself back together. Put asidenthe gun, and pick up other tools. But not today. These mennwere between him and that particular dream. Time to put away thosenquestions. To see things with eyes trained on the battlefield, eyesnthat worked lead and dropped men before they dropped him. He surveyed the camp. nThere were five that he could see. Three tents - maybe another manninside. He would have to remember. Three bullets for the rifle, anfew dozen for the pistol but that would take time to reload. Henlooked at the gun. It seemed to be made of old steel, cranked out ofnmen's suffering. He pushed the thought aside, cut it loose. It wasntime to go to work. He sighted down thenrifle. A man with dark hair and a beard stood by the fire. Threenother men sat, polishing weapons. One man lounged. The standing onenseemed most alert. Probably the leader, though they all lookedndangerous. He didn't let their lack of concern fool him. Men likenthese would snap awake in an instant, guns ready. His fingerntightened on the trigger. The standing man first, he would need tonmake that shot count. The lounging man next, if he was quick enough,nbut he was the furthest from cover. From there, well, there was nonfrom there. From there all bets were off. He felt a momentsnhesitation as his finger brought nearer the standing man's death. Isnthis really who he wanted to be? To shoot from the brush like ancoward? There were no rules in war, but wasn't his particular dreamnto get away from this war? He opened both eyes, eased off thentrigger, troubled. That was when the crow squacked. The four men around thencampfire started, but the standing man looked straight up and at him.n His eyes widened, then hardened in the space of an instant. \"No, wait -\" henshouted, the standing man yanked at his pistol, Inman jerked on thentrigger and shot him down throught the chest. His hands worked thenlever automatically, the four other men slightly slower to react, thenlounging man, eyes wide with sickening dread as he realized the widenopen space around him, rolling now, but Inman could feel the man'snresignation even as his finger tightened on the trigger again. Thenbody jerked as the bullet found its mark, still rolling, but slower,nwithout urgency, rolling to a stop. The three other men werengone from sight, two cracks of gunfire erupting abrubtly, bulletsnwhined and cut down tiny branches. Inman levered the gun again,nmoving behind more brush, his pistol out now, he didn't want to relynon a rifle with one bullet when three men remained. His blue eyesnscanned the tents, no movement, good, but maybe someone was in themnplaying possum. He would have to stay alert. Two more shots crackednout, the bullets coming in his general direction but nowhere nearnhim. Immediatly he knew their plan, read their intentions. One mannstaying put, firing off shots at random intervals, holding hisnattention. The other two men would be working their way throughncover, quiet as Indians, looking to flank him on either side, catchnhim unawares, gun him down. Inman looked to the rightnwhere he thought the one man would be, the rifle, as always andnwithout conscious thought, following his gaze. There, amazingly, wasnthe man, his face taught, intent, eyes scanning, moving up thenhillside. Their eyes met. Inman shot him. Bullets kicked up dust atnhis feet. The was a cold hot tear as one bit through the outer partnof his calf. He dove down the hillside, throwing the rifle, nownempty, firing two random shots from his pistol as he went down. nThere was more shooting from the camp; the man left there spottednhim, spotted the commottion, more bullets whined around him. He wasnin the moment know, he knew this time, the heat of battle, no thoughtnexcept the killing. He stopped his roll,nfired two more shots towards the camp and the sound of the shooting. nHe was rewarded with a yelp of pain. Eyes back up the hill, but thenman who had flanked him had melted back into the brush, no youngnhothead this one, he had seen some fighting, had the patience of anreal killer. He slipped further downnthe hill, his hands refilling the fired chambers, eyes looking up andndown the hill. He backed into some thicker brush, crouched, waiting,nready to move the instant they made a move. Silence enveloped them,nhis chest was thick from trying to calm his breathing, sweat rollednuncomfortably down his neck. \"We didn't come herento kill you you know!\" the man from the camp shouted. Inman said nothing. nWatched. Waited. \"We're just here tonbring you back is all! To fight!\" Inman didn't beleive themnfor a second. He had seen men like these when he was still in thenwar. They came back with bodies, not men. The bounty was the samendead or alive, and dead men couldn't escape. He heard movementnfurther up the hill, but couldn't see through the underbrush. Henpointed his gun in that direction. \"I mean, yourncountry needs you alive, right? You can't fight if you're dead! nWhat would be the point in us trying to kill you?\" Inman spotted him now,nthe man on top of the hill creeping down towards him while his friendntried to distract him. Only he was creeping up on the place he wasnat earlier, behind the giant oak. He watched as the man crept,npaused, gathering courage, then leapt around, gun pointed. Inmannwatched as his anxiety turned to resignation as he realized hisnblunder. He had him dead to rights. But something in him hesitated,ngave the man, not much more than a boy, his life. \"Drop it and I'llnlet you live,\" he said in a low tone, enought to carry to thenboy 20 feet away but not enought to carry down the hill. He watched as the man'sneyes twitched to his position, giving away his intent. Inmannrealized before he shot him that there was no reasoning with thesenmen, no turning them away. They were children of the war, no othernway was known to them. Peace was a language they wouldn'tnunderstand. It didn't take away his, Inman's sin, but at least henunderstood them now. \"Didja get him?\"ncame the eager call from down the hill, as well as movement. A touchnpremature. Inman marked his position. \"No,\" Inmannsaid, standing up, aiming, and firing, no fear in him, no fear of thenbullet that may have been made for him. Let it come. There wasnnothing else this far in the wilderness but bullets, anonymousnbullets killing many anonymous people. Only killing. Let it come ifnit would. It came, but not for him,nnot this day. The body slumped and fell back behind the log. nInman's eyes turned to the tents and the man that still might benleft. He strode down the hillside without fear, without taking anynpains to conceal his approach. Let it come. Life and death arenthe same thing in this place. He walked into the centernof the camp. The tent flaps were open. All the tents were empty. nThe bodies lay around the camp, but Inman payed them no heed. Thisnwas no man's land. The buzzards and coyotes would see to them. Henhated this place, hated the senselessness of it all. Hated that henhad been a part of forging it. An unwitting part, maybe. But itndidn't matter now. He scavenged some food from the tents. Hencould've scavenged bullets from the bodies, but didn't. He'd hadnenough of this business today. He turned, pulling a new haversacknover his shoulder, facing the way he would go, facing the dream ofnhome where no more violence would dwell, only peace and planting andngardening and loved ones and children- Enough. Such dreamsnwould tear down his resolve. He pared it down to one face, one name,none promise made in blind haste and passion. And hope. It would benenough, he hoped, enough to take him out of this part of thenwilderness. It was a far darker place than he wanted to be. ","Summary":" The gun felt cold andnnatural in his hand. Too natural. He had shot something out ofnhimself in the"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"You want me","Author":"BohemianTwinkle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1988474","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Uh...The poem is actually about my mother, but I decided I could use it for this fic. I don't think I got the characters of Ruby and Ada anywhere near right and the changing POV will probably confuse everything. But hey, don't know until you try these things. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Uh...The poem is actually about my mother, but I decided I could use it for this fic"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"A Soldier's Poem","Author":"CharlesA","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2233173","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Soldier's Poem Beautiful love Beautiful earth War seeks to destroy you both It ends the fiddle It ends the joy Pull the trigger Release the hate Why should you not? Kill them That perhaps kills you You die inside Want it all to end Heavy drops fall The sky cries But, look The sky clears Dark, but healing Though eternal haunted I look at the stars My last point of hope I think of whom I love A picture in shadows My home, my life I surrender to God ","Summary":" A Soldier's Poem Beautiful love Beautiful earth War seeks to destroy you both It ends the fiddle It"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"The Christmas Gift","Author":"Anabelle Lael","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2185805","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ThenChristmas Gift by Anabelle Lael. Adansat all alone at the diningroom table, where she and her father hadnshared many a meal and pleasant conversation. She had just put downnher knife and fork knowing that the ham she had eaten was the last ofnthe meat in the house. At these times the feelings of dread alwaysnovertook her. Notna sound could be heard except that of the bitter wind whistling thrunthe empty fields. Being alone had become a part of her existencenwhether she had wanted it or not. Inmannhad been the first to leave later to be followed by her father. Evennthough Inman was still alive, as far as she could tell, it felt as ifnshe had lost him forever too. Innthe seven months since his departure not one letter had arrived fornher. Could it be that she had forgotten her already. Maybe what shenhad felt for him was all the emotion that existed between them yetndeep down in her heart she knew differently. Though Inman was not anman of many words, his lips had spoken for him. The passion she hadnfelt in his arms could not have been imagined. Hownshe wished this stupid , senseless war had not begun. Men werenkilling each other for the sake of ideals that were not fair to allnconcerned. Ifnthings had been different Inman would have been seated by her sidenand sharing the warmth of the fireplace on this Christmas Day. Godnonly knew where he was and in what condition. Was he hurt or was henhungry? The thought of either of these two being true caused her tonlay awake in her bed at night. Shenhad written to Inman faithfully every single day hoping and prayingnthat at least one of her letters might find their way to him. Withnthe passing of the weeks her heart ached mire and more. She had triednto be strong, for her father had not raised a weak daughter, but thenstrain was finally creeping into her very soul. Allnher life she had been taken care of by others and pampered. Learningntasks that in these hard times were of no worth. Father had taughtnher about books yet not about life. This war was fast becoming hernmost unyielding teacher, showing her that life was not for the weak. Risingnfrom the table Ada went to peer out of the window. Snowflakes werenbeginning to fall making at least this part of the country look freshnand clean again. Sighing from deep within Ada decided that the bestnthing to do was to go to her room and read for a while, maybe thatnwould help her to find some solace. Afternwashing the dinner dishes she slowly walked up the stairs. When shenhad gone halfway she felt a peculiar feeling come over her. Insteadnof heading to her room she went into her father's instead. The bednand dresser were still as he had left them. The only things she hadnstayed with had been his coat, his bible and his watch. All of hisnclothes she had given to those in more need than herself for fathernwould have expected no less from her. Nownstanding in the middle of the room she wondered what was going on.nWhat inside this room called to her even though she had come in herena thousand times after the funeral. Never had her senses been sonheightened and of their own accord her feet went directly to thenchest of drawers. Opening it slowly she inhaled for it still held anhint of his cologne even after all this time. Hownsilly of her to be opening it for she knew exactly what was inside,nher mother's wedding dress, letters written during their courtshipnand the suit her father had worn when he had preached his firstnsermon. Thisnwas the only thing she had not touched for inside were their preciousnmemories and not her own. Noticing that something seemed to bensticking out of the corner Ada carefully pushed aside the clothncovering it. To her great surprise underneath was a package coverednin brown paper with a letter placed between the folds of it'snribbon. Hownhad this gotten here and why did it have her name on it , shenwondered. With herncuriosity throughly peeked Ada sat on the floor. Setting aside thenletter she opened the package. She could not believe her eyes forninside was a cream colored shawl of the softest and most delicatenyarn she had ever felt. In all her days she had never seen anythingnso beautiful. Placing it on her lap Ada opened the letter and begannto read............ To myndearest Ada I hopenas you are reading these few lines that you find yourself in goodnhealth. I had given your father this letter and package a fewndays before I left for the war. I am not a man of many words butnI will rely on my heart to speak the words for me. I want you tonhave a gift from me to open on Christmas Day for I fear that Inmay not be there. Your father had kindly promised to keep it ansecret until then for he knew my intentions towards you werenhonorable. Ada when I saw the shawl in the general store I knewnit could only belong to you. Many a time I imagined how the colornwould blend with the creaminess of your skin. No one but no onenhas ever captured my heart as you have. I find it so difficult tonconcentrate and can only wonder how sweet a kiss would be fromnyour lips. Hopefully the war will not last for I wish to only benby your side. Will you do me the honor of accepting this simplengift and when you place it upon your shoulders think of it as mynembrace. May it keep you warm and comfort you until my return.nAda love I will always love only you and if I over stepped mynbounds forgive me for the shortness of time has made me speak.nTake care of yourself and may you find it in your heart to waitnfor me for I will count the very seconds until I return to you. Withnmy deepest devotion, Inman Adanlovingly folded the letter and pressed it against her lips. Unfoldingnthe shawl she placed it upon her shoulders, immediately feeling thenwarmth and love of Inman for he had given her such joy with his gift.nA Christmas gift to match no other for now she knew her Inman trulynloved her. Shenwould wait even if it took an eternity, for at the end of that verynlong road would be her life, her love and her very soul........ HernInman. ThenEnd. ","Summary":" ThenChristmas Gift by Anabelle Lael. Adansat all alone at the diningroom table, where she and her f"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"To Believe Again","Author":"Anabelle Lael","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2076855","Passage":"[Chapter 1] To Believe Again By Anabelle Lael. I decided to write a story concerning these characters because of the beauty of such a love. To think that one kiss united two lives, two loves and most of all two souls....... We should all be so lucky. Ada swayed back and forth in her trusty old rocker. Many a time it had provided her great peace and comfort. She couldn't believe that it had been eight and a half months since Inman's death. She tried every day to put the memory in the recesses of her mind. In that part where darkness and loneliness dwelled as king. She tried to close herself to all the suffering but it had proved impossible. After all he had been through to die so senselessly and in the hands of men that had lost their humanity long ago. At least she had her baby as she lovingly placed her hand over her swollen belly. She thanked God every waking moment for granting her the wonder of carrying Inman's child. At first she had cried until tears would not come .Hating the world and everyone in it. She wouldn't ear or sleep, just lying in her bed hoping that God would take her to her love. What use was there in living if he wasn't there with her. She could still feel his warmth and his love. Savoring the passionate way he had finally made her his and his alone. His smile and the brilliance of his blue eyes as they lit up with the joy of finding her and of their plans for the future. She had felt so cherished and so protected but fate had let it last only one day. If it hadn't been for Ruby she wouldn't have survived. Even before she knew of the baby Ruby knew. She had come yelling into the bedroom one day and said, \"That if I had given up then fine, but she'd be damned to let the baby go also.\" I had stared at her with eyes wide open wondering what she was talking about. \"You fool girl don't you realize you're going to be a mother! That God had blessed me with the ultimate gift. That if anything happened to the baby then Inman's life would have been such a waste.\" At that moment I decided to fight once again not only for me but for Inman's love and our dreams. Resting her head on the back of the rocker Ada breathed a weary sigh. Two more weeks and she or he would be here in her arms. Ruby had gone up th river for a few days, to help a neighbor woman friend with her children, after she had broken her leg. Ruby left hesitantly but she insisted that there was still plenty of time left .The firewood was stacked high by the side of the house and the shelves were filled with food that would last them for months. Standing up Ada rubbed her back for it felt kind of sore. It must him been yesterday's racking she thought. Since the sun was just about setting she went to the barn to feed the animals making her feel hungry too. Tonight she would go to sleep early for she felt suddenly very tired. After eating some bread and smoked ham left over from lunch Ada washed up, locked the door and settled herself in for the night. She slept fitfully, tossing and turning almost with a sense of apprehension. In the deepness of night she woke up all of a sudden with a start. There was a wetness between her legs and an intense pressure in the pit of her stomach She started breathing faster as her thoughts began to reel for Ruby had explained what would happen when her time grew near. Clutching her stomach she prayed that the baby wasn't coming now.\" God don't let this happen to me, it's too soon and I'm all alone.\" She was staring to panic but Ruby's words came to mind. With strength that she didn't know she possessed Ada stared making preparation for the coming of her baby. She changed her sodden nightgown and put extra padding on the bed. Water was boiled, the scissors were sterilized and cloth was ripped into strips that would be used to tie the umbilical cord. Crawling into her bed for she couldn't do anymore Ada waited for her baby to be born. Seconds turned into minutes and the minutes turned into hours. She had screamed and screamed as the sound vibrated against the walls and fell on death ears for there was noone for miles and miles around. The pains were absolutely unbearable making her feel as if she were being torn in two. Swear drenched her body and the bed. Ada felt as if she couldn't go on anymore. I'm so tired. Please, please if only Inman were here she begged. She was really frightened now for something must be wrong. It had been hours and the baby should have been born by now. Thoughts of the baby dying crossed her mind and she began to weep hysterically, pleading with the forces up above to help her for she couldn't bear to lose what she treasured the most once again. All of a sudden she felt a peace flow over her and her name being spoken almost in a whisper. \"Ada, Ada rest easy I'm here now love.\" Tiredly she turned her head in the direction that the voice was coming from. The pain must have riddled her brain. She must be insane, for standing right by her side was Inman........ \"Inman is that truly you?\". \"Yes Ada love I've come to be with you. You need my help. I'm here to guide you in birthing our babe. Just trust in me my love.\" \"I've missed so much and I'm scared.\" \"Ada don't be frightened for you're not alone any more.\" \"I just want you to listen closely to what I have to say. On your next contraction I want you to concentrate and push really hard.\" \"Inman, I don't know if I can do it,\" \"You don't have a choice. If you don't do it soon our baby will die and so will you....\" \"Inman I want to go with you.\" \"You can't say that, our baby deserves a chance to live, you deserve a chance to live.\" \"I'm here to prevent anything bad from happening. It's not your time yet nor the baby's. I want you to live a very long life and to be happy.\" \"Don't you know you'll be a great mother for you have so much love inside of you to give. Please Ada do as I say.\" Ada cried and pushed on her next pain but still no baby. \"One more I see the baby's head\", Inman cried. With all the strength she had left she gritted her teeth and pushed one last time. She felt as if the very life was taken out of her as she slumped her body back on the mattress. Within seconds she heard a cry and as she looked up she saw Inman with their baby in his arms. \"Ada we have a beautiful baby daughter\", as the tears streamed down his face. \"I had forgotten how there could be goodness and beauty in this world. She's so innocent and so delicate I can't believe she's our little girl.\" Tenderly he placed a gentle kiss on the baby's forehead and whispered in words that only she could hear, as she stared right at him.,\" Remember daddy will always love you and will always be there for you cause your daddy's precious angel.\" Placing the baby in Ada's arms he brushed his lips against the sweetness of hers. \"I want to thank you for giving me such joy and such love. In the space of so short a time you've loved me enough to last me an eternity.\" \"Inman, she looks so much like you and seeing her I will always see you.\" \"I have to leave now for I've completed what I was sent to do.\" Holding her hand Inman looked at Ada with glistening blue eyes. \"I\"ve loved you from the moment I lay eyes on you and I'll love you forever until the world comes to an end. No matters what happens I'll always be there for both of my loves, protecting you both from any harm.\" \"There is no force in heaven or earth that can separate us now. Goodbye Ada love\",as Inman forlornly touched his daughter's tiny hand and kissed Ada's lips as she closed her eyes. When she opened them seconds later he was gone.......... She looked up towards the sky and thanked the magical forces that had bought him to her. Looking down at their sleeping daughter Ada tenderly touched a silken cheek. I shall name you Grace, Grace Inman, because by the grace of God you're here with me now. Cradling her close to her heart Ada closed her eyes and slept. Dreaming of her one true love, her Inman, who promised he would return and he did...... one last time......... The End ","Summary":" To Believe Again By Anabelle Lael. I decided to write a story concerning these characters because o"},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"Restored Ashes","Author":"No Fate 1990","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12077656","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Restored ashes Uniquely designed diamond in the rough Newborn constellation Infinite infant lasting memory Carried away by the wind One popular common phrase \"thy will be done\" Restored ashes Never going to be the same again A series of new beginnings Dreamlike moments Impending high hopes No more what ifs Enormous ridiculous excuses or regrets[Chapter 2] Time Period: A Flashback Julie's p.o.v Ray's eyes are torn between the road and me. Heavily pregnant, I am in active labor with our baby. We are expecting a boy named Casper. He can come at any minute. I dread giving birth in the car. My anxiety pressures Ray to drive faster. His careless driving causes a terrible car crash. Ray and the other driver suffer major concussions. Water, combined with blood, trickle down my thighs and legs. I can feel Casper starting to crown. Thankfully, I get a hold of a female 911 operator on my cellphone. She guides me through the birthing process. Due to a lack of oxygen, my son's skincolor is a deep bluish purple. She promises to send forth further help.[Chapter 3] Julie's p.o.v Vanishing decay A horrible day like no other Never going to be the same again I cry raindrops for tears Silently peaceful and motionless, you sleep underground Heaven dares not make a sound A raw opened wound is this hole in my heart Many pictures recapture what used to exist Even if Christ has you, may he give you a hug and kiss for me[Chapter 4] Song: Everglow by Coldplay OH , they say people come they say people go this particular diamond was extra special and though you might be gone and the world may not know still I see celestial like a lion you ran a goddess you rolled like a eagle you circled in perfect purple so how come things move on how come cars don't slow when it feels like the end of my world? When I should but I can't let you go? Casper: I fade in and out of the limelight, your rearview mirror. Please enjoy whatever view you choose to see. Terror, who knew we would befall this horror? Angels' haloes melt like snowballs. The nails in Jesus' hands and feet echo pain. Not again, not today will the saints pray. Dark gray clouds chase away any signs of new life. Constant, birth and death go hand in hand. But when I'm cold, cold, when I'm cold cold there's a light that you give me, when I'm in shadow there's a feeling you give, an everglow Julie: I catch you and then release you by happenstance. If I could, I would watch over you forever. Gone without a trace, the place where you used to reside, now echoes of peace and silence. Your smiling face is nothing, but a memory. I long for the day when we will be reunited. Like brothers in blood, sisters who ride, yet we swore on that night we'd be friends until we died, but the changing of winds and the way waters flow, life as short as the falling of snow and now I'm gonna miss you I know Ray: An universal gain and loss, your afterglow. A ghost in my shadow, a love as pure as snow. I know you must be well adjusted on the other side by now. An universal gain and loss, such fragile childish innocence. But when I'm cold, cold in water rolled salt I know you're always with me and the way you will show cause you're with me wherever I go and you give me this feeling, this everglow, what I wouldn't give for just a moment to hold, yeah, I live for this feeling, this everglow, so if you love someone, you should let them know, oh, the light that you give me will everglow[Chapter 5] Casper's p.o.v I know you didn't agree with my last exit strategy because it was a tragedy. You were not given a remedy, comedy. My next new final destination is first base again. Please don't take your heart back because I want to ease your pain this time.[Chapter 6]  ","Summary":" Restored ashes Uniquely designed diamond in the rough Newborn constellation Infinite infant lasting"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"Fynnian Little","Author":"Druid Archer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6884366","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first Robin Hood fic. So be nice and no flames please...also if you like The Losers I have a fic for them. I know that this is pretty much the same chapter but thanks to Sara0406, I realize that my story was severely lacking in much needed detail! THANKS SARA0406! I made Fynnian's introduction more detailed and made it its own chapter, so here you go. I am Fynnian Little, I am 18 years old...I think, I joined the crusades, even though I'm a girl, in France looking for my brother John. All I knew was that he was in France, I could remember what he looked like before he left but didn't know how much he had changed if at all. This is my story. About six months ago I finally found my brother, John. I found where King Richard's army was in France by, well, chance. I knew that if I followed the rumors of where the army was, rumors which were spread by the angry French citizens. The rumors held true until I reached Nice. No one knew anything, few cared, and my journey was temporarily put on hold. I stayed in Nice for about a week so I could try to figure out what my next move would be. After I left all I could really do was wander. I had been walking for about two days before I heard it, the din of battle. I'd found them! There were hundreds of men fighting on the lands in front of a large castle. I could tell the sides apart. I stood on a hill overlooking the battle looking for some sign of John. I scanned the bedlam for what seemed like ages before I saw him. John had gotten even taller but still looked mostly the same. He was fighting near the middle of the battle, and was outnumbered and even though he was nearly twice the size of the French soldiers he was fighting, they seemed to be winning. I fired an arrow at a soldier who had gained the upper hand on John and then without thinking I ran down into the battle and somehow managed to get to him. As another French soldier was about to slice John in the back I strung another arrow and shot him. John quickly glanced over and thanked me (he didn't recognize me) and we continued to fight. Together we managed to gain control over our part of the battle. It seemed like a flash but when I took my next swing I was greeted by John's dagger. Shocked, I stopped and looked up at my brother. \"Thank you for your help lad,\" John looked me in the eye and a flash of recognition passed through his eyes. \"Do I know you?\" He bent closer to my face. \"Wait….Fynnian?\" He gasped, then he yelled, \"WHAT THE BLOODY HELL ARE YOU DOING HERE?\" By then the surviving English soldiers were gathering around us and a man with short dark hair, an average build and an air of something I couldn't place stepped to the front of the crowd. \"Well Little, what is the name of your archer friend,\" then looking at me, \"and why did he run into a battle when he could have taken out the French from his hill?\" at the look on my face the man chuckled, \"Yes lad, I saw that shot, quite impressive for one so young.\" John, still looking ready to murder someone, looks at the man, then to me and back to the man again. \"This is Fynnian,\" John stated and I thought for a second that he might reveal my secret. \"He, is my little brother.\" I smirked at his next answer, \"I don't know why he ran into battle, but Fynn fights just as well as he can shoot a bow.\" By the end of the day I was part of Richard the Lionheart's army and part of Robin's squad of archers. Yes, I finally learned the man's name. Sorry it's short, my beta (celticcrossings) helped me get this far, the second chapter will be up after I add loads more details to that one[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 John and I were watching people mill about the camp. We were waiting for our orders, mine as an archer and his as...pusher of big things...Jimmy ran up to inform me that the archers were being called to arms, he then ran to find Robin Longstride. John was with the other men who had to do the heavy lifting pushing a battering ram up the hill to the castle's fortified main door. Archers were sent to cover the runners, the guys who had to hang the naphtha, and to blow it up when the runners were done. We were protected by giant shields as we waited our turn to hang the bags of naphtha on the main door. Jimmy and I were the last to go, I was made a runner because I'm small and faster than everyone save for Jimmy. Everything went fine until we were about to jump down. Jimmy had apparently gotten himself stuck somehow. As I was trying to help him down Robin showed up and got Jimmy loose. We barely made it back to the shields before the French dumped the boiling oil and the shields were lowered. I grabbed my bow and an arrow and got in position next to Robin, Will, and Allen. We lit our arrows on fire, the shields were raised and Robin, I and the other archers took our aim. \"IT'LL MAKE A FINE PIN CUSHION!\" Robin shouted \"KING PHILIP'S ARSE!\" we shouted in reply, and at that we fired our flaming arrows and blew up the naphtha sacks, by morning the door would be burned enough for the battering ram to break it down and for those men to take the credit. On our way back we passed John and the other men pushing the battering ram, Will told Allen that the men would try to take the credit of getting through the door, to which I agreed. As I passed him, John grabbed my arm and gave me the \"you're in trouble look\" I assume for almost being fried by boiling oil, I nodded to show him that I understood and then ran to catch up with Robin and the boys. That night we were sitting around camp. Jimmy and I were watching Robin gamble, he was of course winning. The men and Robin would be food or arrows, as money had little value on the field of battle. Robin says that the key to winning is the science of memory, John says it is a trick, but I don't tell Robin that. I look up to see that John has walked over to Robin's game. I can see a look on John's face that I had seen many times when we were younger, one of smugness and mischief. I get up and walk closer so that I can hear what is being said between the two. As I get closer I hear John call Robin a cheat. Robin has John try the game...and John makes a fool of himself and proves that Robin is no cheat. John and Robin are now fighting,but I missed who threw the first punch. John picks up Robin over his head and begins to spin him around causing Robin to kick some man in a cloak in the head. As the man fell to the ground his hood fell off. It was King Richard. Everyone became shocked and very quiet. \"Kneel! Kneel before your king!\" Robert Loxley , the King's right hand man, shouted. \"No, no Loxley,\" the king said beneficently. \"These men are soldiers at play.\" he said grinning. I look over at Jimmy, then Will, then Allen, all are looking at the dirt, ashamed (no clue why, the King didn't seem too mad...). I look and Robin and John and see them looking equally contrite, as they should! Then I see John and Robin look at one another and nodded (Oh dear lord, please let them have a plan!). \"They are sinners after mine own heart.\" the king said look at Robin and John. \"Which of you started the the fight?\" Robin looked up at him \"I did, Sire, I threw the first punch.\" \"Ah, an honest man. And who where you fighting?\" the king inquired. \"He was fighting me, your Majesty,\" John said. \"I mistook him for a lesser man and he was showing me different.\" I had never actually been more proud of John than at that moment, nor have I ever had more respect for either of them. The king then looks at Robin. \"An enemy that pays you respect,\" the king said. \"Stand the pair of you.\" Will and Allen stood. \"Not you two!\" I had to hold in my laughter at their blunder. They sat back down. Robin and John stood. The King gave John an appraising look, he actually had to look slightly upward, he looked quite shocked actually, with his mouth agape. \"What were you thinking fighting him? He asked Robin while still looking at John. \"You must be brave, as well as honest.\" He then looked at Robin. \"Tell me, what is your opinion on my Crusade? Will God be pleased with my sacrifice?\" Robin looked the king dead in the eye \" No, he won't.\" (I mentally slapped my forehead). King Richard looked incredibly confused \"Why do you say that?\" \"The massacre, sire.\" Said Robin looked at the ground.(oh now I understand.) \"Speak up!\" the king shouted. Robin once again looked the king dead in the eye. \"When you had us heard two and a half thousand innocent men, women, and children together; the woman at my feet, with her hands bound, she looked up at me. It wasn't fear in her eyes, it wasn't anger. It was only pity. She knew that when you gave the order, and our blades would descend upon their heads, in that moment: we would be godless. All of us. Godless.\" King Richard simply stares at Robin. The next day found us in the stocks. There you go! An update and another chapter! Thank Scotland, England and Wales! My holiday there was what I needed to get my writing spirit back! Also Thank you celticcrossings for being my unofficial beta on the plane! Reviews are what keep me happy! Thank you Celticrossings, oldmoviewatcher, sara0406, and bluephoenix65069 for your reviews 3[Chapter 3] I'm sorry but this is not an update. My brilliant reviewers have requested a description of Fynnian and now I have one for you brilliantly wonderful people! Fynnian Little Nicknames: Fynn (only the gang can call her this), Fynna (in later chapters or by the gang, Marian and Loop) Eyes: Light Green Hair: Dark Auburn Height: 5 foot 6 inches Build: Slim/wiry Skin: Pale Age: 18 Skills: Bow, hand-to-hand combat, speed, cunning I am posting a drawing of her (shoulders up) on my deviant art and soon I will be posting what she is wearing as well. I LOVE REVIEWS! The link is in my profile! 3[Chapter 4] Well, I would like to thank every, single one of my readers. Your reviews and subscriptions keep me writing. I might be writing more now that I have more of a rhythm to my life. And now without further ado…By the way, for those who want to know what Fynnian looks like I will be posting a drawing of her face on my profile as soon as I complete it, it may or may not be finished before this chapter. Also for this chapter, I figure they were in the stocks for most of the night as well as at least part of the next day. I also think that the battle would have started very early in the morning. Most of this is a filler chap, I can't find my book or my movie for this. Please be patient dear readers! Chapter 3 I was stuck next to Will in the row of stocks. I turn to look at the others and laugh. I can see John from where I am and his butt is actually touching the ground. \"What are you even doing here?\" John looks at me and asks. \"They know I'm your brother, they thought it would be smarter to put me here than let me go into battle.\" \"What does that have to do with anything?\" Will whisper/shouted, clearly confused. \"I don't know, maybe they think I'm going to go after the king for revenge or something.\" This answer was rewarded with a glare from Robin. \"Who knows, maybe it will work out for the best.\" \"How's that Fynn?\" Allen asks, besides John, he is the one who seems to openly care about me the most. \"I don't know Allen, but something has to go right eventually, right?\" We all became quiet for a while. I thought of the men going into battle in the morning and prayed that Jimmy would be ok. It tortured me to know that I wouldn't be out there watching his back, making sure he was ok. I started to think about what would happen if the men found out my secret, about what would happen to John for keeping my secret. \"Robin?\" I asked after a while. \"Yes Fynn.\" I saw him glance in my direction. \"What would happen if a girl were to disguise herself as a boy and join the king's army?\" I didn't have to look at John to know he was glaring at me. \"I mean, what would be the consequences if she were to get caught?\" Robin seemed to think on my question over for a bit, before answering. \"Well Fynn, she would be hopefully sent home, but she could be killed or kept as a…\" Robin didn't finish his sentence before Will jumped in. \"What kind'o question is that Fynnian? It seems a bit, I don't know, out there to me.\" \"It's nothing, forget I asked.\" If Will started picking at my questions then my secret would be found out for sure, but I still wanted to know what would happen to John. I didn't ask another question until I knew Will was asleep \"What would happen to someone if they kept that girl's secret?\" I asked Robin because I knew he was the only other person awake. Robin answered after a moment of hesitation. \"The person could be killed or kicked out of the army, but it really depends on how powerful they are in the army. Fynnian, why are you asking this?\" I took a deep breath, \"I just want to protect John.\" Robin's eyes seemed to double in size. \"Robin please don't say anything!\" Robin chuckled. \"Fynn, I figured you weren't a boy, I was just waiting for you to tell us. I also know that your secret is safe.\" I felt like crying, both because I was happy Robin had known and not said anything and because I was afraid that if Robin knew my secret than whom else had figured it out? \"How do you know my secret is safe Robin? If you have figured it out then who is to say that someone else, not in our little group, hasn't.\" I know I should be more trusting and less paranoid but it's not just me that I'm worried about but also John and now Robin. They could be killed for keeping my secret! I know that it's really short and that I have not posted in quite a bit, but please be patient my readers! I have to finish a mythology essay but then I will be able to focus solely on my fics! ","Summary":" This is my first Robin Hood fic. So be nice and no flames please...also if you like The Losers I ha"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Rabid","Author":"Xany Kaos","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3286899","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: GASP! Fanfiction on my page that isn't Toad-related? Say it ain't so. Not only that, it's from a movie that...I didn't even really like. But this has been kicking around on my harddrive for over a year now and I decided, what the heck, might as well upload it now. Maybe actually having it up will make me write more of it. At any rate, there is far too little Bosie-fic (or indeed, any flavor of fandom) out there. For those who need a refresher, Bosie was the albino bad guy in Cold Mountain(the movie). In the book, he doesn't even have the distinction of being albino...or anything but young, really. I liked reading about how they fleshed him out for the movie, and thought he could do with a little more fleshing out. So yes, there is a girl in the story. But really, this fic is just an excuse for me to get around and play with a character who's too creepy-cool to not have a backstory. Comments are love. Apologies for any anachronistic liberties taken. History is not my strong point, though I did my best to look things up and make sure they weren't glaringly off. I couldn't find Bosie's first name (or his last, if Bosie's his first), so I'm going with Charlie, just because that's the name of the actor who portrayed him. If anyone knows the real name (if there is one), I'd like to know and amend the story accordingly. He knew everyone in Cold Mountain, knew them in the casual way that you learned what to expect from the faces you saw every Sunday gathered in the square or at church. So to say that he met her the day they killed the dog would have been wrong. What it was, really, was the day that he became aware of her, more or less, as someone other than another townswomen, until then set apart from the other girls only by the fact that when she glared at him, it was without disgust, and because once or twice, when they were much younger, he recalled having made her laugh. No one laughed much now, two years into the war, but they glared a lot more, cold and fearful. There had been laughter at the beginning, laughter and cheers and a parade even, for the town heroes who, by right of youth and fitness, won the prize of going off to fight for their way of life. Less cheers for those who remained behind, with the dubious honor of guarding the womenfolk and children. It hadn't been what he had chosen. But it gave him an excuse to shoot things and ride tall, and so it would do. It was early fall, and he and a few others of the Home Guard were waiting for Teague outside of the store, when they heard the shouting. There was a wild dog running drunkenly through the main street, chasing after a small child, wet foam frothing from its red mouth. Bosie had his pistol half drawn when something shiny flew through the air and hit the cur with a resounding thunk. The dog stumbled a few steps, the fell heavily, twitching. A thick-handled knife stuck out from the back of its neck. No one approached it. \"Well, somebody shoot it and make sure it's dead.\" Her brash, practical voice cut through the silence. Bosie shrugged and, almost lazily, shot the dog in the head. It gave one final spasm, then lay still. \"Nice shot,\" she said sarcastically as she strode up to the creature and yanked the knife from it's neck. Curious, Bosie followed her, motioning to the others of the guard to see to getting the dog out of the street and buried far away. He saw her make a searching motion with one hand, then grab the hem of her skirt to wipe the blood from her knife, and handed her his already-blood-stained handkerchief. She took it with a look of surprise. \"Thanks,\" she muttered, wiping the blade briskly and putting it back in it's small sheath. \"Thanks,\" she said again as she handed him the handkerchief. He only grinned. Teague had finished checking the post and was directing the men in clearing the dog out and looking for any more infected animals. Bosie mounted his horse and followed, but not before making it a point to catch her eye and give her a smirk. She smirked back. That was a first, he thought. Mabel Shrike. It had taken him almost a minute of running down a list to remember her name. Shrike. Mother was dead, or else he'd never seen her. Her father had been just young enough to still go off to war. She had a brother, too, a young boy that, now that he thought about it, he'd seen clinging to her skirts often enough. And he was fairly certain that she was the girl he had made laugh once, doing cartwheels and flips outside of church one Sunday morning, but that had been so many years ago it was difficult to tell. He didn't constantly think on her after the incident, nor did he lie awake at night wondering if she thought of him, like in the books he had read. The only real difference was that he found himself noticing when she was around, instead of adding her face to the rest of the nameless sea that filled the town. He thought he caught her looking at him a few times, when most people avoided doing so. Once he had seen her brother, waiting for her outside of the store, and wordlessly produced a silver coin, which he passed from one hand to the other, making it vanish and reappear from unlikely places like his stirrup, or the ear of his horse. The boy had watched, enthralled, until his sister came out. Mabel had followed his gaze to Bosie, given Bosie a cool nod, then led her brother off, deliberately putting herself between the boy and the albino. Bosie clenched his fist, though his smirk never wavered, and resolved to stop noticing her altogether. Which did not explain why he found himself outside of church one Sunday morning, leaning against the side of the building, sucking on a grass straw while the congregation inside raised their voices in praise of God, who must favor the South over the North (though Bosie had never seen much evidence), and waiting. The townsfolk filed out after the service, chattering pleasantly among themselves. A few noticed him and sniffed, or looked away quickly. He leered at them, unconcerned. Then she walked out, leading her brother by the hand. \"Mornin', Miss Mabel,\" he drawled, touching the brim of his hat. She started, caught herself, and smiled. \"Good morning, Mister Bosie.\" She shooed her brother off toward the square, where other boys were already playing, then turned back to Bosie. \"We missed you in church this morning.\" He snickered and looked away, grinning. \"Naw, not hardly. Church don't miss me. Don't welcome me much, either.\" \"Now that's nonsense--everyone's welcome in church.\" \"In that case, I just don't much care for it.\" He eyed her from under the brim of his hat, trying to make her uncomfortable. She raised an eyebrow. \"Well, ain't that a shame for your immortal soul.\" \"It was damned long afore I was born,\" he said pleasantly. If she understood his meaning, she gave no sign. \"Well, that's just too bad, I suppose,\" she replied. As she walked off, she called over her shoulder, \"We could certainly use another tenor.\" Bosie blinked and sucked musingly on his grass straw as he watched her collect her little brother. He was fairly certain he'd just been insulted. \"By order of Zebulon Vance, Governor of this great state of North Carolina: any soldier turned deserter is guilty of treason and shall be hunted down like a dog. Any man takes in a deserter is likewise guilty of treason.\" Bosie read the proclamation to the gathered townsfolk with relish, savoring the idea of finally seeing some action, even if it was only hunting down deserters. It was like divine justice, really. In the back of his mind, he half-hoped that his brother Milton might take it into his fool head to desert. The people around him started muttering quietly to themselves, too frightened to loudly voice their discontent at the situation. Next to him, Teague elaborated on exactly what was meant by Governor Vance's orders. Bosie leaned against a railing, arms crossed and smirking, eyeing everyone in the crowd individually, a silent threat. He had learned, over the past three years just where the townsfolk's fear of the over-bearing Teague stopped, and where their fear of his quiet, smirking, pale-as-death watchdog began. As the subdued crowds began to disperse, Bosie made his way to where his horse was tethered. He was tightening the saddle girth when he heard a voice behind him. \"You seem awful pleased by all this.\" He turned to see Mabel standing at his elbow, looking disapproving. \"Am,\" he said simply, doing something useless with the straps to give himself more time to stand and talk. \"Why? D'ya think they'll thank you for killin' what kin manage to come home to them. We've all got husbands, fathers, sons, and brothers out there. D'ya think any one of us cares how they get home, so long as they come home safe?\" \"That sounds an awful lot like treason talk.\" He turned around completely and looked her full in the eye, an eyebrow cocked. She didn't break from his gaze, but instead leaned forward so that only a foot of space separated them. \"What if it is? Why should our men go and die for some rich man's slave? The boys that do come home at the end of this mess'll be few enough without your lot killin' 'em too.\" He only grinned, an expression better suited to a skull, and swung himself up into the saddle. \"Would you really kill men that come so far just to get home?\" she demanded. \"Sure would,\" he said cheerfully. \"And what's more...\" He leaned down as far as he could, so their noses were almost touching, and whispered, \"I'd enjoy it.\" This time she did step back. For a long moment they just looked at each other, angry brown eyes searching calm blue ones. Then she spoke. \"There's somethin' wrong with you, Charlie Bosie.\" Her voice was little more than a trembling whisper. \"Somethin' wrong on the inside. Like that dog. Sick.\" She whirled around and hurried off. Bosie stared after her for a moment, then kicked his mare into a run and followed after the rest of the Guard. After that, he had made it a point to mention to Teague that the little Shrike farm, so far up in the mountain, might be a stopping-ground for some of the rumored deserters. Teague was nearly as anxious as Bosie to see some action in this great war, but insisted on doing a full investigation of the farm before taking any action. They were in charge, it was true, but it wouldn't do to be seen razing the place to the ground unless they actually had deserters to show for it. There would be plenty more coming, if reports from the front had any truth to them. Winter was setting on when they rode to the farm. The first snows hadn't fallen yet, but harvest was mostly finished. There had been a town harvest festival not two weeks past, that the Home Guard had stood watch over. \"Lurking\" some of the townsfolk had said, and maybe in Bosie's case, they were right. Unlike Teague, who was still trying to make time with the pretty, if useless, Ada Munroe, or the rest of the boys, Bosie had just leaned against a hay bale and watched the festivities without taking part in them. He never did. In fact, the only movement he had made was in taking a glass of cider from the table where Mabel and Mrs. Swanger were setting them. Mrs. Swanger had glanced quickly in his direction and remembered another full pitcher on the other side of the room. Mabel, however, had just watched him, the way one watches an unknown animal. He'd given her a grin that soured when she turned away, and gone to an empty corner to nurse his cup of cider, glaring at the rest of the townspeople. And at her. She glared at him now, as the Home Guard began spreading out through her farm, even though it was Teague who was explaining to her why they had come and what they planned on doing. He smirked back, doing his best to make it clear exactly who was responsible for bringing the guard. \"There's no'n here but me an' Jacob,\" she said, shoving her brother behind her defensively. \"But, o'course, yer welcome t'look all y'want. I'll even show y'all around, if that's what y'want.\" Bosie frowned; he'd expected her to put up more of a fight. Teague caught his eye and nodded in her direction. Bosie took his meaning and hopped down from the horse. \"Y'darn right we'll look if we want,\" said Teague. \"Don't you be fergettin' who holds sway in these parts.\" \"Wouldn't dream of it, sir.\" Closer now, Bosie could see she was trembling slightly, and her hand was clenched. \"Th'rest o'the boys'll look on their own, but I reckon you'd better show me around, just so's we don't miss nothin,\" he drawled. Mabel stiffened, then nodded and walked off, holding her brother close in front of her. \"Ah told y'all, ain't no one here,\" she said to him when they'd walked further away. She was leading him to the chicken coops first. \"Don't know why you have to come 'round here lookin' for trouble.\" \"How old's your brother?\" Bosie asked suddenly, as if he had heard nothing. Mabel looked stricken. \"He's ten,\" she croaked, her voice breaking. Bosie glanced down at the wide-eyed child and snickered. \"Boy's eleven if he's a day. Maybe even twelve.\" Mabel trembled and held him closer to her, shaking her head, more in a plea than in denial. Bosie laughed again. \"Don't you worry none. Army doesn't start askin' for 'em 'til they're at least thirteen or fourteen, an' even then it's not likely.\" \"Good,\" Mabel whispered fiercely. She handed Jacob a basket. \"Why don't you collect the eggs while we're here, Jacob, hun. Just because some bullies come 'round doesn't mean chores stand still.\" The boy nodded and set to work. \"'Good?' Where's your sense of pride, woman? Y'should be glad ta see your brother go off an' fight for his country.\" \"Can't eat pride,\" she said shortly, grabbing a pail and starting toward the cowshed. \"Pride don't keep you warm at night.\" \"An' yer brother does? I shoulda figured.\" Mabel's face turned almost as pale as his, and her body shook with fury. There was a lingering pause in which Bosie half-wondered if she would try to strike him. She let out a shaking breath. \"Well, I guess you'd know all about things like that, Mr. Bosie,\" she spat, then whirled around. He caught her wrist and spun her to face him. \"Wouldn't you like to know,\" he murmured, pulling her closer and twisting her arm at a cruel angle. He put his other hand behind her back. \"What's say I show you some of th' things I know all about right here. No one would bother us.\" She struggled, cursing, and he laughed quietly and fingered a strand of her hair. \"I could, y'know, if I wanted to.\" \"And if Ah wanted to,\" she snarled through grit teeth, \"Ah could make a woman outta you.\" Bosie glanced down to see her free hand holding the same knife she had killed the dog with over a certain area that was dear to him. He snickered and grinned lopsidedly up at her, then pushed her away lightly. \"So now you want to neuter your rabid dog?\" His voice was light; in fact, he found the whole situation rather funny. \"Spit on the outcast son of Cain in your own way?\" \"Ah told yah, Charlie Bosie, what's wrong with you--it ain't nothin' on the outside. Got nothin' t'do with yer birth and everything to do with some sickness that's eatin' away at yer own heart.\" He snickered again, wiping the trickle of blood that had started from his nose, enjoying this play immensely. \"Get yer bullies off my property. They've done had plenty of time t'search for what ain't here in the first place.\" She held the knife ready at her side. He smiled and bowed elegantly, then strode back to where Teague waited and mounted his horse in one fluid, graceful motion. \"Ain't nothin' here, sir. We'd best go an' check the Swanger's farm--his boys deserted nigh three months ago. They've had plenty of time t'get back t'their pa.\"[Chapter 2] AN: I guess this is as good a time as any to say that Cold Mountain is copywrite them that it's copywrite, and them ain't me. Furthermore, I, like half the folk on this site, am just a poor student, so taking any kind of action for writing this, unlikely as that would be, would only result in a headache, and possibly enough monetary compensation to buy a victory chalupa. That is all. \"That's what you call a conundrum. I tell you what I've got on my side. \" \"What have you got on your side?\" \"The confidence of youth.\" The world around him exploded and went white. He'd been knocked over, he thought, but he couldn't really tell if his was lying on his back or standing or floating, or even in his body anymore. It didn't hurt, it didn't feel like anything but a hard kick in the chest, and through it all, he found himself detachedly wondering how long it would take him to die. \"Jacob, you have to hide the snares around the brush. No rabbit in it's right mind is going to be--\" Mabel stopped short and stood up. Gunshots. Not too far away, up the mountain, on the other side. She'd heard rumblings earlier, but dismissed it as cracking ice. There was no way to say the same now. \"Jacob, get back to the house.\" \"Wait a minute!\" Before she could protest, her brother had shimmied up a tree and was peering out over the mountain. \"Jacob, whatever's happening over there it don't concern us, now get down and get back to the house right--\" \"There's a horse over there!\" \"What? Jacob...\" ","Summary":" AN: GASP! Fanfiction on my page that isn't Toad-related? Say it ain't so. Not only that, it's from "},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"scenes with Robin and Marion","Author":"the romantic girl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7047060","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Marion didn't know how to think. She had become used to live with Walter, lady of the house with no man at her side. She had under all this years hoped to see Robert return home. When Robin Longstride came to deliver the message, she knew there was no reason to hope. Her mother had been overjoyed when the proposal came. She was 25 by then. Her mother had gladly welcomed Robert and Walter had been very affectionate toward her. Now Robert's sweet face started to blur and his appearance a simple shadow. She had no time to learn his weaknesses because he had been so sweet and gentle toward her. The week they spent together was like a happy pink cloud. She didn't know if he had been greedy or maybe jealous. At least, she had good memories of him. But Robin had arrived and provoked a cataclysm at Peper Harrow. Walter had made him the most outrageous offer and he was now living comfortably under the affectionate eye of Walter. She had to share her bedchamber with him. He was rude, selfish and too attractive. She had discovered he had some good qualities. He had, she presumed, stolen the corn bound to York and planted on the fields. For that, she was eternally grateful. She remembered the day the orphans caught him in the forest. His look of surprise and amazement when he saw her among the kids made her almost laugh. She felt wonderful when she joked and mocked Robin. She had the power now and he could lie on the wet ground. He was a man of words and Loop, a confident young man, had dropped his pride manner and accepted Robin's offer. She felt a sentiment of…pride. Yes, she was pride of him. After the episode in the greenwood, she saw him with new eyes. She also began to feel something new for him, an elegant sensation in her heart. There was no denying that she started to like him. It was something she hadn't felt since Robert and maybe stronger. She felt shy in his presence even her words spoke different. She didn't see him after that as they were preparing for the banquet. When a banquet was made, the entire village gathered to help and to join. She dressed in a black dress with flower motive. She put pearls to her ears, given by Robert at their wedding. The lively music ended and the musicians played a slower melody. Marion was curious to know if Robin could dance. After all, dancing was not the same as fighting. It was an occasion to get to know Robin and she enjoyed to be near him and to talk to him. He had always something clever to say and he could make her laugh. She walked slowly with a small smile to where Robin sat. He turned around and he looked at her with surprise. She reached out her hand to show that she wanted to dance with him. He took her hand and led her to the circle with dancers. Not far from there, the sheriff was observing the couple in dislike. Or more exactly, he was starring angrily at Robin. He had hoped to invite Marion to dance but he had lost his chance. He looked away and took more wine. Marion kneeled deeply and Robin bowed, as it was the custom. Robin elevated his eyes to meet hers. Still with gazing in her eyes, he took a step closer to her and so did she. Marion was so close to him that she could feel the strength and warm coming from his body. He was magnificent and had this power of him that didn't left unnoticed. She had remarked that the day when she had to help him undress. His large shoulders and imposing muscles made him a very dangerous man. She smelled an odour of forest and burned wood coming from him. She flushed deeply, partially disguised by the fire. She turned around him slowly as he did the same to her. They turned each other in a circle and were back to their former places. She took one step closer and he did the same. They joined their hands before them and stepped back. Robin looked at her in surprise again, like it was the first time he saw her. Robin couldn't account for the new emotion that rushed over him. He had never looked at any woman in that way. He started to feel intimated. Marion had shown that she was a strong woman, who knew her ways. The simplest contact with made his heart jump. But he didn't know if she was still in love with her husband or if he had the chance. After all, they had been pretending to be wife and husband. Marion could not understand his look; he seemed to use that look often. She was still confused and wondered if she really could make such impressions on a man. Robert never used the look. He was gentler. But Robin's eyes were passionate even thought he radiated calm and indifference. They took one step closer again and he was so close, he could almost kiss her. The idea made her body shiver. How would the kiss be like? She couldn't let him do that. They were dancing in front of the village and she couldn't imagine how everybody will whisper about them. Instead, he did nothing and put his lips against her forehead, like he was going to kiss her. It was the most intimidate gesture he had made. They danced like this one more minute and then parted. Marion went to cool her flushed cheeks and Robin went to see his friends.[Chapter 2] Marion was talking to Eleanor, one of the servants, when she was called by Walter. He introduced her to William Marshall, as Robert's wife. Her smile dropped when he enthusiastically said how enchanted he was to see Robert in London. Walter corrected him by calling Robin's name. Robin, who approached at the sound of his name, came to meet the stranger. Marion saw how Robin talked to William and she could understand some of the words. Apparently, Robin had a father, named Thomas, and Walter had sought Robin but realised he was gone to Palestine. She turned to Walter with question in her eyes but he was watching the men talking. She relied on Walter telling him later what was going on. She went to the balcony and perceived three men below. Two of the men were Robin and Walter and third was a messenger. The messenger came to tell Walter that William wanted Walter presence in Barnsdale to discuss with the barons. The messenger was told to leave and Walter turned to Robin. \"Cometh the hour, cometh the man. The time for pretence is over,\" said Walter confidentially. \"Now, hold me like a son.\" The two men shared a friendly hug. Robin wondered if this was like having a father. \" Go.\" Robin settled a horse and went to search after Marion. As he couldn't find her, he asked Maggie where she was. Maggie couldn't either find her. Robin nodded. He had to go to Barnsdale without telling her that he loved her. He was restless and felt the urge to ride back and run after her. But he was man with obligations. He would find her later on. The thought comforted his heart and he grinned to the landscape before him. Robin couldn't know that Marion had observed him from he bedchamber. She was too scared to say goodbye and to her knowledge, goodbyes had always led to issues. She needed time to examine time her heart also, as she was quite sure she had fallen in love with Robin. The sensation was new and it made her happy. Robert would always be in her heart and she couldn't deny that she had loved him very much. He would have liked this for her. She knew it. She had a reason to go up in the morning, a man to kiss and to hug as much as she likes. She loved him. An enchanting idea.[Chapter 3] Marion was taking care of Maggie, she needed to have her robe shirt fixed when she looked up and saw a group of soldiers. She wondered if Robin returned and asked Maggie who it was. A strident \" Long live the king!\" was shouted and the women started to scream and flee to escape the dangerous horses toward them. The English came from everywhere as they rode into the village, provoking hysteria. Marion watched in terror as the sword killed the first man. The sword almost killed her but it only touched her hair. She could only stand there in terror as the soldiers killed men and terrorized women and children. The people at Peper Harrow were fleeing for their lives. Women were assaulted and raped, the children were taken from their mothers and old people were obliged to run. A stinking soldier dragged Marion to the group of people already pushed and forced into a small circle. The people were frightened and were screaming the air in the lungs. The soldiers were barricading the way to escape and Marion was standing on the statue on the place, her feet crushed by the dozen others trying to get away from the killing swords. The soldiers dispersed as the people were forced to give away their fortune to the tax collectors and Marion pushed her way through, demanding 5,000 acres. A man with a dangerous smile asked her if she Lady Marion. She confirmed it and he demanded that she came to him. Two soldiers dragged her one on each arm, to a small cottage nearby. They locked her in and she tried in vain to open the door. She heard screaming and yelling outside, as the French obliged the people to go into the small houses. Marion realised that she wasn't alone anymore when the disgusting man asked, in a playfully tone, where she was. He proposed her to come to him, still speaking in French. He finally spoke in English. \"No one should have 4 000 acres.\" \" 5000 acres,\" corrected Marion. She realised he wanted to rape her when he took off his belt with weapons. She tried once again to flee trough the locked door. She had no choice but to stand there. She tried to run but he stopped her with one hand. He put his hand on her cheek and gently moved his head closer. He whispered \" calm down\" in French and Marion felt sick of the horny tone in his voice. He pressed a stinking hand to her face and Marion tried not to breath in. He inhaled deeply, smelling her scent. She was more disgusted now and wished that Robin would come to save her. But he was in Barnsdale now and she was on her own. Outside, the soldiers locked the people in and set fire to a bit of ( hö) below. This was the most effective way to massacre a population as no blood and no marks would be found on the bodies. The French laughed and cheered as they congratulated each other on the delightful event. It was many less Englishmen to kill and they got wine and mead for the (hard) labour. The people screamed in desperation and fear as they tried to prevent the unstoppable smoke. The French soldiers laughed even harder when they heard the scream. Marion remembered she had a dagger in her right booth and took it discreetly in her hand as she pulled her skirt up her leg to excite the French dog. The French indeed got excited at the view of naked legs and went on his knees to touch that naked spot. Marion levelled her shirt higher with one hand and she quickly stabbed the man in the neck. The man drew a face of pain and levelled his hand to remove the dagger when Marion kicked him to the floor; the dagger went deeply in and killed the man instantly. Marion breathed heavily as she was contemplating her victory. Outside, the flames were reaching the people's feet and they tried to stamp on them to make them disappear. The people were trying to destroy the wooden pieces blocking the windows without success. The screams were now prays of desperation and the people asked for mercy from God. The help came from Robin and the barons. They had seen the flames and guessed it was the French. Godfrey saw the barons coming and chuckled in amusement. He was amazed how Robin Longstride would always find him and how he would escape him every time. Nobody caught a man like Godfrey. He rode off ahead of the others to escape the battle. Marion heard a sound and a call from Loop. He called her name and gestured her to come. Marion took the sword from the French man and gave it to Loop. He gave his hand to help her climb up on the roof. She watched as the hairless man shouted order in French. It seemed that somebody was scaring the French and Marion and her group climbed off the roof to fight the French. The \"somebody\" was Robin and the barons coming to save them. Robin was the first one she saw and she sighed of relief. Robin was here and everything will be fine. She shouted to Loop and friar Tuck to follow her as she was running for the burning houses. She was obliged to kill a man blocking her way. She ran up the stairs to rescue the dying people. Friar Tuck and Loop did the same. They rapidly opened the door and urged the people to hurry down. The people were coughing and pushing their way through the exit. The strongest men helped to kill the flames while Robin and his crew were intimidating the French. Water was brought to put out the flames. Marion was occupied with the children, hydrating the babies and comforting the crying toddlers. When the deed was done, she looked up and saw a gig coming toward them. The sad men gave her Walter's sword and she understood that he was dead. She tried to keep her head up and not cry. Robin understood the matter and ran to her under the intrigued eye of Baldwin. Marion was still trying not to cry when she turned to Robin. He took a step closer and she buried her face in his shoulder and let his shoulder become wet with tears. He caressed her long red hair as he whispered comforting words in her ears. He took her in his arms and they stood like this a long time. Robin was also in grief, crying over a man he had considered like a father. Finally, a funeral was held and Marion arranged his appearance. Walter looked amused even in his sleep. Marion took a last look at Walter before she walked back to Robin's side. All the people around had their head low and their hands joined in honour of the master. Robin broke the trend by putting an arm around Marion's shoulder. She responded by leaning her head against him and they stood there, until Walter's corpse was gone.[Chapter 4] Marion knew that Robin had to go. The French were coming fast and there was no time to waste. \" Once before I said goodbye to a man going to war, \" started she as Robin was arranging his saddle. \" He never came back.\" Robin stopped and turned to look at her. Her composure was calm but her eyes were frightened. He needed to make this eyes laugh and be happy again. He paused for a moment to think what he could say to comfort her. He finally found. \"Ask me nicely.\" The trick worked and Marion's eyes were amused and she took a step closer to kiss him. It was a kiss full of promise and hope. It was a promise that he would return to her safely. It was also to say \" I love you\" Marion felt that their souls were committed to this kiss and Marion shivered when it ended. To be held in his strong arms and to know that this man was to the man she would spent her life with was a marvellous feeling. It was also a sad kiss because both realised that Robin could come back dead. Marion wouldn't and couldn't think negative. She knew Robin would come back. She kissed him playfully. He smiled and turned to mount on the horse. Marion smiled with confidence, as he looked her in the eyes. \" I love you Marion.\" Simply, without any falsehood, he said the sentence she had waited to hear. Her smile became wider as she saw him leave. Marion was restless. She had to do something. She couldn't sit here and wait for Robin's return. She talked to Loop and they agreed that they take their best boys and fight with the others. She followed the horses from Robin's army and they arrived to the coast. They stood on the hill, watching the scene rolling. The French ships were positioned equally with the front ships already open with a rush of French soldiers. Down there, Robin was already on the shore, riding in front of the army, ready to attack. They decided to run down the hill and they stopped to gather round. Marion battled to control her horse. Godfrey stopped and observed the stranger. Long and thin, he could only be a woman. He guessed it to be Lady Marion. Robin rode to the stranger, desirous to see who it was. When the stranger revealed his face, he sighed. \"For the love of God Marion!\" shouted he. He was terrified. Marion was veru vulnerable among the French soldiers. He wanted her to turn back and go back home, so she would be safe but he knew she was a stubborn woman. He looked at her determined face and gave up. \" Loxley, circle your troops and then join the charge.\" She smiled thankfully and left to organise the small troops of ponies and horses. She would show Robin she was a courageous woman with experience. And from here, she knew what Robin was doing and didn't have to worry. Robin and his men charged and the French did the same. The nice rank from before was soon mixed with the French. Arrows were coming from heaven, killing the French directly in the water. The water was soon red from the blood. Marion waited and then shouted \"forward\" to the others. The boys, whooping and screaming followed her. Marion let her sword fly and stab all the nearby French. The already existing army was soon followed by the archers, adding the number of horses by several hundreds. The scene was soon a mess, with horses, French, English lying dead on the ground. Soldiers were screaming their pain in the water and drowning because of their injuries. Loop was skilfully killing the enemy, with an combination of kicks and daggers. The King joined the horde, eager to kill. Marion stopped and distinguished the man that had killed Godfrey; witnesses had told her that he apparently had killed Robert also.[Chapter 5] She made the horse go faster and brand her sword to strike. Godfrey was so surprised that he fell from the horse, landing in the water. She stayed on the horse until Godfrey, quickly on his feet, made her insecure and she fell also into the cold dirty water. Godfrey held her down under water with a firm grip. Marion felt she suffocated and she knew she was going to die. She heard someone shout \"no\" but she didn't have enough energy to trace the origin. Godfrey's eyes were cold and calculating, she knew her last moment was come when she saw the sword, pointed at her breast. Godfrey didn't have to do since the waves coming almost drowned, as she had no time in gulping air as the next wave of water came over her. She fought to stay over the water but Godfrey held her still in a firm grip. Suddenly the hand was removed and someone more distinctly called \"Marion!\" She knew it was Robin; nobody could call her with that desperation in his voice. She felt a hand on her shoulder before the tinkling of swords was heard. Her back hurt and she could only lie in the water, the waves killing her energy and her capacity to breath. She tried to move her head above the water but the helmet was too heavy and she felt very sleepy. Her eyes were soon a world of darkness… She had air in her lungs and she opened her eyes, staring in Robin's beautiful blue eyes. He had made so she could breath again and he was smiling. She laid an arm behind his neck and he took possession of her lips. His forehead was covered in blood and she had some dropping over her but she didn't care. She was alive, Robin was alive and they were together. He was soon on his feet and he put his arms under her knees and shoulder, carrying across the battle. The French had surrendered and everybody that knew English were screaming Robin's name. He was the new hero and prince John didn't like it. After all, he was the king and Longstride was nobody. He promised himself that he would punish him later on. The day came and Robin was declared an outlaw. The sheriff couldn't disguise his happiness when he warned the villagers. He was the laughing stock of the village after Robin pinned down the warning on the tree with an arrow. The news didn't change much for Robin, after all he had been a outlaw for several weeks since the battle. Prince John had made clear that he didn't like him, But Robin, Marion and the others had joined the boys in the greenwood and the greenwood was now the home of hundreds of people. Living with Robin made anyone an outlaw and nobody mind. The boys had accepted everyone as their friend and everyone helped the little \"village\". Marion felt that the forest was more her home than the comfortable beds at Peper Harrow had been. She enjoyed the simple life they lived. Robin had just come back from the hunting. Marion was feeding the children when she saw him, surrounded by children. She smiled when she memorized that day when Robin was captured. She went to the meet him and they danced seducingly before he held in the air. He twirled around and she laughed like a child. He released her abruptly, making her gasp and he kissed her open mouth. Yes, they would be very happy together. Lady Marion and Robin Hood. ","Summary":" Marion didn't know how to think. She had become used to live with Walter, lady of the house with no"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"Since I'm the One Who Did It","Author":"mysecretlife27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8485473","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I noticed the sad, sad lack of fictions about this movie, so I decided to do my part to change that. This is a fantastic movie, no matter what the critics say. This is a Bug/Brandon fic, and it is slash, although not at all explicit. Read and Review please. GENERAL POV Bug Hellerman woke up from a particularly unsettling night terror and looked at the clock on his nightstand. He could not see the time, because his sister had put a sticky note over it, which read, Don't oversleep, insect. Happy Monday. He tore the note off the clock's face and cursed under his breath. It was almost 9:00 am, and he was an hour late for school. His mom had been picking up extra shifts at the hospital, so she had gone in around 4:00 am. But, of course, Fang knew that all too well. Bug quickly got dressed, brushed his teeth, and began walking to school. He took his phone out to text his mom, letting her know why she would probably be getting a call from the school later, when he noticed he had a text from Alex: \"BUG! WHERE ARE YOU? BRANDON WAS HANDING OUT PUNITIVES BEFORE FIRST BELL, AND YOU WEREN'T THERE. FANG'S PISSED!\" Bug sighed as he finished reading the message. He walked into the main office, got a tardy slip, and went to his locker. He walked into his English class and took the only available seat. It was to the far right, under an air vent on the already chilly fall day, and directly in front of Brandon O'Neal. \"Hey, Hellerman.\" Brandon whispered harshly, making Bug jump. \"You missed your punitive this morning. Fang has made alternative plans. During lunch, in the quad. Be there.\" Brandon chuckled quietly and clapped Bug on both his shoulders. Bug could think of nothing but his impending doom as lunch drew nearer and nearer. When the fifth period bell rang, signaling his lunch hour, he walked slowly to the quad, where Alex, Jay, and Jerome were waiting for him beside their usual table. There was no sign of Fang or Brandon anywhere. \"Hey, guys.\" Bug said, shaking visibly as he shrugged his backpack off his shoulders and turned to wait for whatever he had coming. \"Hey, man.\" Jay said, the first one of the group to speak up, \"Maybe it won't be as bad as you think. Once you're down, stay down. You'll be fine.\" Alex and Jerome muttered halfhearted agreements but were silenced when Fang entered the quad, followed by Brandon, Brittany, and several of their friends. \"Hello, Insect.\" Fang sneered icily to Bug. \"Fang.\" Bug replied quietly, avoiding eye contact with his sister. \"Let's get down to business, shall we?\" Fang said, now addressing not only Bug, but also the small crowd that had begun to form. \"You, Bug Hellerman, failed to collect your punitive this morning. Which was, in case you were wondering, a mere 4 on the scale.\" Bug and his comrades breathed a small sigh of relief at hearing this but lost all air from their lungs when Fang sent them her signature homicidal look. She cleared her throat and continued, \"So, I have decided to make an example of you. From now on, anyone who fails to appear for his or her morning punitive on time will be subjected to a punishment of twice the intensity. For example, because Bug apparently thought he was above the system this morning, he will now receive a level 8 punitive, for your viewing pleasure.\" There was a collective gasp at the harshness of the penalty, even from Brandon himself, who would be called on to deal out the violence. However, no one dared to defy Fang, and everyone remained silent. Bug gulped and began to sweat as Fang cleared her throat and began to speak again, \"Brandon,\" she said, gesturing to the football player, who immediately stepped forward. \"Give Bug here an 8, and be quick about it. I have things to do.\" Fang finished with a dismissive flourish of her hand. Brandon stepped in front of Bug and sucked in a breath. He sounded almost apologetic as when he muttered, \" Hellerman. This is an 8.\" Then, he balled up his fist, placed his hand on the back of Bug's neck to keep him still, and punched Bug in the gut with such force that Bug was momentarily lifted into the air before falling into a heap on the asphalt. Brandon flexed his hand, watching Bug's friends rush to his aid. He looked down at the scene, wishing things could be different, but realizing that they never would be. Fang tossed a satisfied smile in Brandon's direction and gestured to Brittany and Chantelle that it was time to leave. The crowd of students dispersed, now that the show was over. In the shuffle, no one saw Brandon rush into the nearest hallway and lean against a wall, running his hands through his dark hair. \"Are you gonna' be alright, Bug?\" His friends questioned, once they were all seated at their lunch table. \"Yeah. I'm fine. I'm gonna' go to the bathroom. I think I need to puke or something.\" Bug said, struggling not to show how severe the pain in his abdomen really was. Alex, the only other one of them who had ever had the misfortune of receiving an 8, shot him a knowing look as Bug struggled to lift his backpack. \"Leave the bag, man. We have next class together. I'll bring it for you.\" Jay offered, grabbing the bag from Bug's shoulder. \"Thanks, Jay. I'll see you guys later.\" Bug said, smiling weakly and making a beeline for the bathroom. Bug collapsed onto the floor of the larger, handicap stall just in time to empty the contents of his stomach into the toilet bowl. He retched until nothing was left. By then, a steady stream of sweat and some stray tears covered his face and neck. He leaned against the wall and took a few deep breaths, attempting to calm himself. \"Are you okay, dude?\" Bug was startled by a voice coming from behind him. \"What do you want, Brandon?\" Bug sighed, exhausted, his head still resting against the bathroom wall. \"I heard you getting sick. Just making sure you weren't dying or anything.\" Brandon said, shuffling his feet awkwardly. He paused before asking timidly, \"Did I do that?\" \"Do what?\" Bug replied, finally lifting himself off the floor and walking passed Brandon, over to the sinks to splash cold water on his face. \"Make you puke like that?\" Brandon said, his reflection making eye contact with Bug's in the mirror over the sink. \"Yeah. It happens with 8's a lot. I'm pretty lucky though. When you gave Alex one a few weeks ago, he coughed up blood.\" Bug said, shrugging his shoulders. Brandon was silent, thinking about Bug's comment. Bug then lifted his long sleeved t-shirt to survey the damage. A large hemotoma was already beginning to form on the lower right side of his stomach. Bug hissed in pain when he grazed a finger over the sensitive skin, causing Brandon to wince and look away. Bug noticed this strange reaction and said, \"What? You've never seen the damage you cause this up-close and personal?\" \"No. I guess I never thought it was that bad.\" Brandon said quietly, finding himself ashamed. Bug simply nodded and continued to poke gingerly at his side. Suddenly, he pressed slightly on the spot between two of his ribs, and he cried out and bent over in agony. Brandon, feeling guilty, said, \"You may have a fractured rib. Let me see.\" He took a step towards Bug with his hand outstretched, and the smaller teen automatically took a step back. \"I'm not gonna' hurt you, Bug.\" Brandon said in a sincere voice that Bug had never heard from him before. But something about that tone caused Bug to let his guard down long enough to allow the jock to examine his wounds. Brandon pressed down on the same spot Bug had pressed moments ago, and Bug gave a small groan and instinctively grabbed Brandon's shoulder for support. Brandon felt a jolt go through him at the sudden contact. His heart began to pound a bit, making him feel like an idiot, while he kneaded gently along the other boy's flat stomach. \"This has happened to me a few times over the years. There's not much a doctor can do other than wrap it up for you. I could do it with stuff from the athletic department, if you want.\" Brandon offered, not daring to meet Bug's eyes while waiting for his response. \"Sure. Why not?\" Bug said, suddenly becoming aware of how close he had just been to the school bully. \"Okay.\" Brandon began, clearing his throat and awkwardly pulling away from Bug. \"Follow me.\" The two boys walked down several hallways towards the athletic offices, neither daring to break the silence. \"Go wait in the locker room while I find the stuff I need.\" Brandon said, gesturing towards the door. Bug nodded and did as he was told. He straddled a bench in the locker room and waited. Brandon returned in a few minutes with his hands full of medical supplies. \"Um… You should probably… take your shirt off, so I can wrap your stomach.\" Brandon said after facing Bug on the bench and placing the supplies between them. Bug nodded and peeled the shirt off, placing it over his thigh and awaiting further instruction. Brandon let out a breath he hadn't known he was holding and got busy preparing the wrap, an ice pack, and some Tylenol. Out of his peripheral vision, he could have sworn he saw a steady blush creeping over Bug's face. \"Alright. Keep your posture straight and hold as still as possible. I'm gonna' have to constrict your ribs a little, so it'll hurt.\" Brandon said carefully, looking directly into Bug's eyes for the first time. \"Alright.\" Bug said, drawing a breath and bracing himself. Brandon hesitated for a moment before once again placing his hands on Bug's body. He found the exact spot where the fracture had occurred, being careful not to press down, for fear of hurting Bug even further. Then, he encircled Bug's torso with one end of the cloth in each hand and began wrapping him up. When he reached the end of the wrap and moved to secure it, his hand accidentally bumped Bug's battered ribs, and the blonde boy clutched Brandon's shoulder again. \"Shit! That kills, man. Watch it.\" Bug said, still holding on to the jock across from him. \"Sorry about that.\" Brandon mumbled securing the wrap quickly, extremely aware of Bug's hand clutching his bicep. \"You okay?\" Bug exhaled and winced once more before saying, \"Yeah. I'm fine. Thanks.\" \"No problem.\" Brandon said quietly, brushing his rough hands over the dressing on Bug's side one more time before standing abruptly and beginning to pack up the supplies he hadn't needed. \"You should alternate between heating pads and ice packs for now. Take Tylenol before you go to bed, because it'll be at its worst tomorrow morning. Once the wrap can come off, in a few weeks, Icy-Hot patches work really well for during school.\" Brandon said, repeating everything he could remember that had helped him when he had the same injury. \"Okay. Will do. And, again, thanks.\" Bug said, standing up and grabbing his shirt. \"Stop thanking me. The least I could do is help you out. After all, I'm the one who did it to you.\" Brandon said guiltily. \"It's fine. I know you're just doing whatever Fang says.\" Bug remarked dejectedly. \"Yeah. I guess so.\" Brandon said. Bug began putting his shirt on, but winced when his bruised abs struggled with the motion. Brandon immediately felt guilty all over again and rushed to his side. \"Here. Let me.\" Brandon said, holding the shirt for Bug as he put it on. \"Thanks.\" Bug said, a hint of a smile playing around in his blue-gray eyes. Brandon realized after a few moments that he hadn't said anything, but he couldn't form words. So, instead, he settled for staring at Bug, memorizing his strong, yet boyish features. He couldn't make sense of the strange moment. All he knew was that he would hate when it was over. Bug drew a sharp breath when he saw a flicker of desire on Brandon's face. Suddenly, he felt rough fingertips trailing along the fabric covering his lower abdomen. He looked down at Brandon's hand, then dared to look into his deep, brown eyes. \"Brandon. What's happening here?\" Bug asked, barely whispering. \"I don't even know.\" Brandon said, being pulled halfway back to reality. \"I'll stop if you want.\" Bug was shocked by the gentleness in Brandon's voice and simply shook his head before giving his mind a chance to change. That small head- shake was all Brandon needed. He grasped the back of Bug's neck and captured his lips in a mind- numbing kiss. All conscious thought was lost to both of them as the kiss deepened. Bug was startled when Brandon's hand moved to hold his down by their sides. Frankly, he had expected the egotistical jock to be all hands and tongue and teeth. However, he was pleasantly surprised by the gentle yet firm way Brandon leaned into him ever so slightly, while still keeping their bodies a safe distance apart. The shrill bell signaling the end of lunch pierced their private moment like a knife, and both boys pulled away at the same time, ever so slightly out of breath. Brandon leaned his forehead against Bug's, their lips hovering teasingly close together. Bug smirked and stole a short kiss. Brandon grinned widely and sighed before severing contact between him and Bug. \"Give me your phone.\" Brandon said simply. Bug dug the small device out of his back pocket and handed it over. Brandon spent a few moments pushing buttons before pulling Bug flush against him and putting the phone back where it was before. \"Text me or something, okay?\" Brandon said. \"Yeah. Okay.\" Bug replied with a knowing smile. Brandon leaned in and gave Bug one last kiss before heading out into the hallway. Bug shook himself out of the daze caused by the last half- hour's bizarre events and headed to his next class, momentarily forgetting about the searing pain in his side. ","Summary":" I noticed the sad, sad lack of fictions about this movie, so I decided to do my part to change that"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"Blood Lines","Author":"goblinesque","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12014485","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If anyone were to ask him, he'd say family was the most important thing. If anyone were to ask the people that knew him before word ripped through the small Riverton area, Abel Plenkov was the kindest man they'd known, a man that had so adored his pregnant wife and daughter, a man that seemed excited at the prospect of being a father again. These words of his character were always met with a \" but \" at the end, there was always an addition to their statement, a not so nice reminder of what he had done, unknown to him that it had been a curse of souls from early childhood inhabiting his body that was their vessel. He was a good neighbor, a loving husband and caring father, BUT the ones that do the most heinous of crimes are always the ones you least suspect. He'd gotten my granddaughter's cat out of the tree when she was just four years old and sobbing and pleading for someone to save the little fluff ball, BUT it's always the ones that seem to care the most that care so little for the preciousness of life. Abel Plenkov had skilled hands when it came to his work, BUT it was always the ones that worked around knives and other sharp objects that had it in them. Didn't the Texas Chainsaw Massacre teach anyone anything? He was a man, in death, left scarred with a reputation that was never his to claim. The murders were never from Abel Plenkov, the man, but rather the monster, the demon's soul, that lurked deep within him, taking what he wanted to punish Abel for not doing what it was that he wished, to punish Abel for having a life that was deemed too happy, to perfect. The Ripper held an anger, a hatred, some could even say a jealousy over what Abel Plenkov had, and no soul in Heaven or on Earth could put a stop to the Ripper's rampage to ruin everything that Abel had. No matter the strength Abel tried to fight him off with, he'd always over power him. When the lesser souls, ones weak and only wishing to have a moment to take breath, to speak and to live for only a moment while Abel rested, tried to fight him, he'd always win. No one was going to get between the battle between light and dark, of good and evil, of Abel and Cain. Abel Plenkov was a man, but a man with a devil on his back. A man that had fought so hard against a monster that put a knife in his hand, that had caused so many innocent people to witness Abel's face as their last vision in life as their life blood splattered across his face when the Ripper had taken control. He'd thought of ways to end it, of suicide. But killing himself would leave his loving wife Sarah and his dark haired, dark eyed daughter to deal with one of the other souls that had not the fraction of love he held in his heart for his little family was too much of a burden. The sinful act of suicide would leave his family at the mercy of the Ripper and their lives would be made into hell on earth. Never in his mind could he view the demon soul as having mercy on his family. The others had been kind, if the demon wasn't there, the Plenkov would have had a chance with their docile, gentle souls. But the Ripper had done his name justice and ripped any hope from him as Abel sat in his bathroom, the view of blood staining his marital bed where his wife, still gasping for her last breaths sat with hands clutching her stomach to their unborn child who Abel knew would never know the warmth of his father's hug or his laughter, not like his daughter knew, and his daughter… What had he done to her? Red and blue lights flashed through the trees and houses around Riverton. A sleepy community was rattled in the knowledge that it was one of their own. It was a shock to know that a man could have appeared to be so loving could hold so much hate for the ones he had supposedly loved. They'd never know the truth of what had happened to Abel Plenkov and his children, both having miraculously survived his rampage, would be left to deal with the shadow that the Ripper's soul had left behind. The Plenkov bloodlines remained, able to stretch and wind throughout time, but there'd always be that shadow, that fear that another Plenkov would be a target for souls, that the Ripper's soul would find a home in his daughter or of his son, whom he never had the chance to meet, but had so many times talked to him and said his adoration and love to him in Sarah's belly before the monster took away any happiness in the world for the Plenkov family and its closest friends and relatives. His greatest fear wasn't the stain on his name, though to anyone that discovered the truth one could feel heart break that such a loving and caring mad had been so tortured by a fiendish creature of hell's darkest depths that Dante, himself, could never describe, but that his children would be victims just as he was. It was only a matter of time before a soul would find a Plenkov child, whether it be his children or his grandchildren. Even in death, he knew it would be never ending, the great tragedy of being a Plenkov. One way or another, a descendant of his would never be alone, not truly. Not when souls collected so easily in one tiny vessel of a youthful child, still learning the wonders of the world. A/N: this is simply a one shot, a character study of Abel Plenkov, but reviews are always appreciated. ","Summary":" If anyone were to ask him, he'd say family was the most important thing. If anyone were to ask the "},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"my soul to take","Author":"Shaia Montgomery","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9024142","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter one: the ripper. Horror story fan fic for My Soul to Take with my own characters. My name is Sarah and I am five years old. My mother is named Janet and my father is named Keith. Mommy hasn't been leaving the house mainly because she is pregnant with my little brother Adam but there's another reason as well, I heard mommy and daddy talking last night about a horrible man that hurts people badly and daddy don't want her to get hurt. I went to bed earlier than usual and heard mommy screaming and ran to the big bedroom and wished I hadn't daddy was hurting mommy. I ran as fast as I could into my room and hid under my bed I heard daddy walk into my room and prayed that he wouldn't find me but my hopes were thrown out the window when suddenly I was dragged from under my bed and was staring into my daddy's face he said \"Sarah, daddy's not going to hurt you sweetie.\" I inched away from him and he raised a knife with a long blade and I heard three bangs and watched as my father fell bleeding to the floor. That night my entire life changed in less than ten minutes. ","Summary":" Chapter one: the ripper. Horror story fan fic for My Soul to Take with my own characters. My name i"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"To feel a touch","Author":"zimmembrane13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9899206","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alex x Bug! MY Soul to take fanfic. Don't like don't read. Bug shuttered under the light touch. He hated himself more than ever. The pounding his skull only fueled his agonizing state. \"Bug does it feel good?\" Nodding Bug buried his face into the pillow. At first he didn't mind his friend being there. But now he knew he wasn't actually there. He was just part of his imagination now. He hated when he came home and he would see Alex lying on his bed reading some old magazine, or when he left the room Alex would follow. It was almost like nothing happened. But something did happen. Bug had killed him. None of the other Riverton Seven did this. Actually they were quite when he was with Alex. It was almost like they were alone. \"Do you have a migraine Bug?\" \"Yeah.\" Alex stopped rubbing Bug's back and moved his fingers to his temple. Gently he rubbed circles relieving the tension. Sighing Bug melted into the touch. He had forgotten how good Alex was at massaging. \"Hey guess what Bug.\" \"What?\" \"It's almost our birthday\" Bug opened his doe eyes to see Alex gleaming at him. \"were going to be 18! You know what that means?\" Alex asked excitedly. Melancholy shown on Bug's face. \"It's been two years since I've killed you.\" Alex's smile slowly faded. He gave Bug a concerned look. \"You still don't blame yourself do you?\" \"I could have stopped him without having to kill you, Alex!\" Bug shot up, tears forming. He hated how he was there but not there. He wanted to be with Alex. He missed his scent, the way he ate and talked. Most of all he missed being able to touch him. Alex could touch him why couldn't he touch Alex? \"Bug you did what you needed to do. Besides now I can be here with you forever.\" \"But you're not here!\" Bug shouted at him. Bug extended his hand to grab Alex's shirt only to grasp air. Tears rolled down his cheek. \"It's not fair! Why can't I touch you?!\" Alex licked his lips nervously. Bug was about to have a mental break down. The rest of the Riverton Seven will be pissed at him if that happened. \"Bug just because you can't touch me doesn't make this situation bad.\" Alex reached up and cupped Bug's cheek. \"You can feel my touch can't you?\" Nodding Bug reached up to touch Alex's hand only to feel his own cheek. \"I know this is painful Bug but I'm here and now because I am dead I get to be with you always. You'll never have to be alone.\" The knot in Bug's throat didn't leave only grew tighter. It felt like he was chocking. \"Alex I have to tell you something.\" Interested in what his friend had to say he took his hand back and stared into Bug's baby blue eyes. \"What is it condor?\" Laughing a little at his old nickname he whipped the tears out of his eyes. He needed to tell Alex while he had the courage to. He didn't care how painful this might make his life he needed to tell him. \"Alex I love you.\" Silenced filled the room for a few seconds. To Bug it felt like hours. He could hear his rapid heartbeat. He wondered if Alex could hear it too. The sound of giggling brought Bug back to reality. \"bug I already knew that. I'm inside your head remember?\" A deep blush formed on Bug's face. \"So all of the Riverton seven?\" \"Yep, every embarrassing thought you have they know about.\" \"If you knew why didn't you talk to me about it.\" Smiling Alex moved closer to Bug. He tangled his fingers into the blonde curls he was always so fond of. He got a few inches away from Bug's mouth causing the soon to be adult to shiver. \"Because I wanted to tell you first, too bad you beat me to the punch.\" Alex pulled Bug into a crushed kiss. It was obvious none of them ever did this before. Inexperienced and excited, Alex had cut Bug's lip. Pulling away Bug touched his swollen lips. \"How could you cut me?\" Confused as well Alex tried to find a reasonable explanation. \"I don't know. Maybe it's a mind over matter thing?\" Bug reached for the other man one last time surprised he could feel him. \"Alex I must have gone crazy because I can feel you.\" Voices of the other Seven came rushing through Bug's thoughts. He could hear Penelope saying something about his memory memorizing how he felt. He could also hear Brandon's insults and Britney's comments to Brandon. All the voices coming all at once caused Bug's migraine to creep back up again. Groaning he plopped back down on the bed. \"Migraine?\" Nodding he reached for Alex's hand. Carefully he laced their fingers together. He didn't care if it was just memories or if he was insane. He was just glad he could touch Alex again. ","Summary":" Alex x Bug! MY Soul to take fanfic. Don't like don't read. Bug shuttered under the light touch. He "},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"Fly Now","Author":"Panda-Chan8","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8984754","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Okay, so, My Soul To Take has become one of my favorite movies. I LOVE IT! And Max Theiriot, 'cause he's H-O-T HOT! And since there are so few My Soul To Take fanfictions out there, I decided to write one of my own. I originally planned to separate this into chapters, but they would have been all wonky and uneven, some longer than others. So I just kept it all together and now it's a one-shot! Yay! Make sure to read the bottom Author's Note for more information about a possible new My Soul To Take fanfic that I am working on! DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN MY SOUL TO TAKE, I ONLY OWN IZZY AND SOME PARTS OF THIS STORY THAT I MADE UP :) Tonight was the eve of the Ripper Day. At midnight tonight, a bunch of Riverton teens were going out to the destroyed, abandoned ambulance to celebrate the death of the Ripper and the birthday of the Riverton eight. Eight children, each born prematurely on this night, all at the same time. My twin, Alex, and I, were two of those children. It would be our sixteenth birthday. Happy sweet sixteen, right? It was a little past 11:40 pm, and I was in my room that I shared with Alex, changing clothes for the big celebration later. I had pulled on a pair of dark skinny jeans, and had pulled off my shirt, about to put on a black tank top, when my brother quietly burst into my room from the bathroom. \"Hey, you ready yet Izzy?\" He asked. \"Alex!\" I hissed, covering my chest with the tank top \"Fuck, I'm not finished getting dressed yet! Get out!\" \"Sorry!\" He whisper-yelled, covering his eyes, but didn't leave. I frowned, pulling the black tank over my head \"Asshole, don't even have the decency to leave.\" I joked. \"Nothing to see there.\" He teased back. I smirked, punching him lightly in the arm. \"Shut up, Alex. I'm pretty damn sexy.\" I walked to my mirror and grabbed a hair tie, pulling my hair into a messy, curly side ponytail. Us Dunkelman and our damn curly hair. \"Yeah right. Just hurry up, I don't want to be late!\" \"Fine!\" I huffed, pulling on my brown hoodie. \"Let's go, Mr. Rushypants.\" I went to my open window and threw my leg over the side and climbed out, stepping onto the roof. Alex followed and we made our way to the ground. Then, we walked through the forest to the abandoned ambulance. There was already a crowd of teens there, talking amongst themselves. I could see our blind friend Jerome, our kind-of friend Jay, Penelope, Brandon, and Brittany. \"Where's Bug?\" I asked, not seeing our best friend and my secret crush. \"I don't know. But he'll be here, he wouldn't ditch us on Ripper Day.\" Jerome made his way over to us and asked the same thing. Alex answered with what he told me. Everyone began counting the gongs when the town clock struck midnight. When they hit 'twelve' all the lights in the town went out. It was officially Ripper Day. All of us in the Riverton Eight were officially sixteen. \"The lights... Out!\" Brandon O'Neil yelled to the cheering crowd \"Alright, this is it. let the day begin! As you all know, Ripper Day marks two things. One of them bad, and one of them good.\" \"The good part is, it's the birthday of eight of us here. Born sixteen years ago tonight. Jerome King. Hey, Jerome,\" he pointed to my blind friend. Next he pointed to Alex, who raised his hand in recognition \"Alex Dunkelman.\" Probably the only time he's ever said our last name right. \"The ever adorable Izzy Dunkelman\" Brandon teased, pointing at me. I flipped him off in return. \"Jay Chan, with the new Ripper puppet tonight.\" The crowd cheered. \"Bug Hellerman.\" Bug still wasn't here. \"Hellerman?\" There was some cracks in the woods and Bug appeared through the trees. \"Better late than never.\" I teased softly. \"Where the hell have you been?\" Alex asked with a smile. \"Sleeping.\" Bug answered. He didn't look happy. \"It's okay, Bug takes a little longer 'cause he's a little slower.\" Brandon joked with a taunting grin. I glared at him \"Moving on to Penelope Bright, over there by the ambulance, who incidentally knows God, they speak daily.\" Brandon was an asshole, making fun of her religion like that. \"And to the beautiful, gorgeous Brittany Cunningham!\" Brandon laid it on thick for his little whore. I had nothing against her, except for the fact that Bug liked her. So that automatically made her my mortal enemy. \"And last but not least, me.\" Brandon pointed to himself as the crowd yelled his name. \"Thank you, thank you, thank you very much.\" His smile was smug. \"Now it's time for the bad part, people. We of the Riverton Eight have had to share our birthday with a monster. The serial killer Abel Plenkov who died at midnight the day we were born, The Ripper. Legend has it that we, the Riverton eight, are the mirrors of Abel Plenkov's personalities. The ones that turned the Ripper in, and that The Ripper still wants revenge. So Abel Plenkov is dead. But his ghost isn't.\" \"No, it lurks underneath the old railroad bridge, you've seen it. It sleeps in the river. It roams the darkest corners of the woods. Just waiting for the next Ripper day to come around. So that day, our birthday, tonight, the Devil has told him he could take revenge. BUT he can only come out of the river at this spot!\" He pointed to an opening behind him. \"And every year, since we have been able, one of us Riverton Eight has volunteered to drive him back to the river where he belongs!\" \"And tonight is no exception! And I have personally chosen to volunteer...\" People in the crowd voiced their disagreement \"to volunteer Bug Hellerman that is.\" Brandon pointed at Bug. The crowd cheered. Douchebags, all of them. \"It's your turn Bug! The rest of us have done it! We will now summon the Ripper from the river. If he appears yet again, then Bug must slay him, or we all die.\" \"Bug, you don't have to do this.\" I whispered as the crowd chanted for the Ripper. He didn't answer, but looked terrified. Jerome started yelling with everyone else so Alex hit him in the chest, hissing \"Shut up.\" \"What'd I do?\" Jerome asked. \"Bug's freakin' out.\" Alex whispered back. Something snapped in the woods. Everyone gasped and turned towards the sound. The ripper walked through the trees, tall, creepy, and dead-looking. \"He's coming through the woods.\" I squeaked in fright. I faced the Ripper two years ago, but it didn't look nearly as scary as this one did. \"It's just a puppet, knock it over.\" Alex assured Bug, pushing him forward. \"Whoa, get in there you pussy!\" Brandon yelled in a wavy ghost voice, pushing Bug. I clung to Alex, kind of scared out of my mind. Everyone cheered Bug on in their own way, except me, but Bug turned around looking as scared as I was and said \"I can't do this!\" At least he was honest. The crowd just cheered more. \"Stop this! If he says he can't do it, let him go!\" I yelled to Brandon. He ignored me, waving me off. Suddenly there were sirens. \"COPS!\" Penelope yelled. The puppet crumpled to the ground. \"Shit!\" I cursed, going with Alex to pick bug up. \"Come on, we gotta go!\" Alex yelled as Bug got up. Running through the trees, I warned Jerome \"Watch the trees Jerome!\" He ran wildly and bumped into me, I bumped into Alex, who bumped into Bug and sent him sprawling into the river. \"Oh, he's still alive!\" Alex exclaimed as Jay and Jerome laughed. I stepped to the river bank. \"C'mon, I got you.\" I offered my hand to Bug. He took it with a small, grateful smile and I hauled him out of the water. \"I'm blind Bug, not you!\" Jerome joked. \"You okay?\" Alex asked. Bug nodded. We ran again. Jay pointed to a big log for us to hide behind. We jumped over it and hid safely on the other side. It was then that I noticed Bug and I were still holding hands. I looked up at him, and he was looking back at me, realizing the same thing. Embarrassed, we quickly let go. \"The fuck was that? Why did they stop us?\" Alex asked. Jay shushed him. \"Go home!\" A cop yelled \"Ripper Day has been officially cancelled.\" \"Just Patterson and Lane.\" Jay said, peeking over the log at the cops. \"Why so glum, chum?\" Jerome asked Bug. I looked at him concerned. \"I failed.\" Bug said dejectedly. \"Why, 'cause you couldn't kill him?\" Jay asked Bug continued \"Now we're all gonna die and it's my fault.\" \"No!\" I shook my head, rubbing his shoulder. \"That's bullshit Brandon made up. If he was so worried about it he would have killed it himself.\" Alex said logically. \"That puppet was scary.\" Bug said. I nodded, looping my arm through his and holding it tight. \"Thanks!\" Jay smiled. He was cute, but Bug was more my type. I liked his soft demeanor, how he was so shy and thoughtful. \"The coat was creepy, you added some moss and grass and shit, right?\" Alex asked. \"Yeah man, he's been living under the river for sixteen years, he's primeval baby!\" Jay answered enthusiastically. \"If the Ripper died in the ambulance on the way to the hospital, how did he get the coat and everything?\" I asked. \"Well, in my version, the day after Plenkov supposedly drowned, his house was burglarized, right? They took the coat, the boots, his whole outfit!\" Jay explained. \"Why would the burglars just take clothes?\" Bug questioned. \"A burglar wouldn't, Bug!\" Jay said. Jerome pieced it together \"But Plenkov would, if he was still alive!\" \"Exactly!\" Jay exclaimed. \"The Ripper is still alive?\" Bug asked, sounding scared. \"I thought you said he was just a ghost!\" \"He's dead!\" Alex hissed, reassuring Bug and I. \"No, they never found his body!\" Jay argued. \"And no one really knew the Plenkov's well, they just moved to Riverton. And Plenkov could look completely different after sixteen years!\" Jerome agreed. \"Cosmetic surgeries, hair transplants, weight watchers!\" \"He could have changed his name!\" Jay added. \"Snuck back into Riverton to get his revenge this year.\" \"He could be principal Pratt!\" Jerome joked, laughing. \"Shut the fuck up!\" Alex whispered, hearing the cops nearby. We all quieted down. \"I gotta get home, guys.\" Jay said, crouching to move. \"Wait, are you guys set for tomorrow?\" He asked Bug and Alex, who were presenting their science project tomorrow. \"What?\" Alex asked stupidly. \"The buzzard thing!\" Jay reminded him. \"Condor.\" Bug and I corrected at the same time. It was Bugs favorite thing, and Bug is my favorite thing. I like to know what he likes. \"Oh, we made a sock puppet.\" Alex sighed. \"A sock puppet?!\" Jay asked in horror \"You'll put your class to sleep! A good show and tell needs Shock-and-awe!\" \"It's my fault; I was too scared about tonight to think about it.\" Bug admitted. \"Oh, listen Bug; I'm scared of the Ripper too.\" Jay confessed as well. \"You are?\" I asked. Jay nodded \"I gotta cross that bridge twice a day. I just do what my grandma told me. Spit in the river, and he won't come after me.\" \"That works?\" Bug asked. \"For sixteen years. See ya, guys.\" He got up and left, keeping out of sight. Jerome said \"I gotta go.\" And got up to leave as well. \"And then there were three.\" I sighed quietly. \"We should go too. Quint's gonna kill us if he catches us out too late.\" Alex said, pulling me up and moving. We stopped momentarily to watch the cops but left immediately. We moved fast through the woods and separated all too soon. \"Later Bug.\" Alex waved. \"Bye Bug,\" I wrapped my arms around his middle, a quick friendly hug that I wished could be so much more. Alex and I climbed through the window to our bedroom, soaking wet from the pouring rain. \"Get into bed, quick!\" Alex hissed, pointing at my bed against the opposite wall. I shed my sweatshirt fast and dove for my bed, Alex doing the same when we heard Quint's door slam. I closed my eyes, pretending to be asleep and willing my heart rate to slow down. The door opened, light bursting through. \"Yeah, you two better be in bed.\" Quint grumbled and slammed the door. As he walked away he yelled \"I'll kick your punk asses if you ain't!\" \"Dickhead.\" I swore quietly. Alex whispered something I didn't hear, but I brushed it off and rolled over to sleep. I blearily woke up to Alex shaking me \"Izzy, wake up. You gotta go. Quint is in one of his fucking moods again. You better get out of here before he comes in here.\" \"What?\" I asked, his words barely registering. Suddenly they clicked \"Shit!\" I scrambled out of bed \"Uh, fuck, where do I go?\" \"Grab some clothes and go to Bug's house. I'll meet you there.\" Alex said. \"In my pajamas?\" I hissed gesturing to my red plaid shorts and the black tank top I had changed into before I fell asleep. \"Yes! Suck it up and go! Do you wanna deal with Quint?\" He snapped back. I sighed \"Fuck, no. God dammit.\" I hurriedly shoved my feet into socks and my converse, pulling on the hoodie I'd worn the night before and grabbed a random outfit, shoving the clothes into my backpack and climbing out the window. \"Thanks, Alex. Good luck.\" I told my twin. He nodded \"Just get to Bug's\" I slid down the roof and jumped to the ground, running as soon as my feet hit the grass. I sprinted through the woods until I made it to Bug's house. I climbed onto his roof and knocked on his window. The curtain pulled back to Bug's surprised, yet somehow still emotionless face. I smiled \"Hey there, beautiful. Mind if I come in?\" He gave a half-smile and opened his window. I crawled through and slipped into his bedroom. \"Sorry to drop in unannounced. Quint was in one of his lovely moods so Alex kicked me out. I gotta change, is that okay?\" I asked. He blushed but nodded \"I'll be, uh, outside.\" He started for the door. \"Hold your horses, cowboy!\" I grabbed his arm, stopping him \"Your mom and Fang can't know I'm here. If you stand outside your door it'll look weird.\" \"But-\" \"Just keep your back turned, Buggy-boo.\" I patted his cheek. He swallowed and nodded, turning his back to me. I smiled, turning around as well. First, I slipped off my shorts and pulled off my tank top. I bent down to grab my clothes out of my bag, and from between my legs I could just barely see Bugs back twisted, just a bit. I stood up, pretending to be unaware. \"See anything you like?\" I asked teasingly, twisting around also and giving him what I hoped was a seductive smile. Thank god I wore one of the few cute pairs of panties I owned. \"Ah, I, uh, s-sorry.\" He stammered, turning back around. I giggled \"Chill, Bug. I don't care.\" I pulled on a gray pair of skinny jeans, a teal tank top that didn't quite reach the hem of my jeans, exposing a little midriff, and a gray hoodie that ended past my waist. I wish I could have dressed up. You're only sixteen once, right? As I slipped my converse back on I said \"Coast is clear, Bug.\" I stood back up to come face-to-face with Bug's chest. \"Dear god, either you're getting taller or I'm getting shorter.\" I remarked, looking up at his face. He stared down at me, all seriousness. \"Happy birthday, Isabelle.\" He said quietly, using my full name. I smiled softly \"Happy birthday, Adam.\" He pressed a small box into my hand. I knew what it was though. We had this tradition, every year since we were kids, Bug would get me a charm for the silver chain bracelet I inherited from my grandmother when I was born. All the charms he had gotten me represented something from the previous year. One year he got me a little directors scene marker because I had been in the school play. Bug had been to every showing, even though he had already seen it. Another year he had gotten me a small bell to represent the liberty bell, because our eighth grade class had taken a class trip to Washington D.C. Last year he got me a little flip flops charm because we had gone to the beach so many times that summer. I had about seven now. About to have eight. I started to untie the ribbon when Bug grabbed my hand \"Wait. Don't open it till later.\" \"Why?\" I asked, biting my lip with a smirk. \"Just because. Just promise me you won't open it until later tonight.\" He looked me in the eyes. Staring into his serious blue eyes made my heart speed up and pound harder. I wondered if he could hear it, we were so close. \"I promise.\" I said quietly, leaning up to meet his lips. Alex came through the window and we stepped away from each other. Fucking cockblock. \"Am I interrupting?\" He asked innocently. \"Suck it.\" I murmured, stepping away from Bug. \"You got the sock puppet?\" Alex asked, ignoring me. \"Yeah, right here.\" Bug lifted up a stuffed duffel bag. \"What the fuck is that?\" Alex asked. \"Sock puppet.\" Bug said like it was obvious. \"On steroids?!\" Alex and I asked at the same time, then shared a look. Fucking twin telepathy. Bug tossed the bag on to the roof. \"Kind of.\" Bug shrugged. \"Kind of?\" Alex and I echoed again. Creepy twin togetherness, goddamn! \"Only you wear it this time.\" Bug continued, pushing a few more things out the window. \" What? \" Alex started \"excuse me?\" \"Like Jay said.\" Bug shrugged once more, climbing out the window. \"Shock and awe.\" Alex and I looked at each other and followed Bug out the window. \"Thought Edgar was a home crow.\" Alex asked, looking up at the fake raven Bug had just tied to a tree branch in the woods. \"Raven.\" Bug corrected \"He's a guard. He watches over you, you know?\" \"You still spooked by last night?\" I asked concerned. \"We were all watching the river and he came from the woods. That's scary.\" Bug said. \"Now, that's Jay's whole thing!\" Alex exclaimed \"Never do what they expect. And now we got Edgar up there to keep him away, so...\" \"Smile!\" I encouraged, giving Bug a short one-armed hug. \"You guys can have him after tonight if you want.\" Bug said offhandedly. \"Edgar.\" \"Seriously?\" Alex asked surprised. \"Yeah, it's your birthday.\" \"Well thanks.\" Alex smiled. I rolled my eyes but still smiled. Boys. \"I should get you a present!\" Alex suddenly exclaimed \"How about a weekend in Las Vegas with Brittany Cunningham?\" My eyes widened in shock and anger at my brothers words. He knew how I felt about Bug! \"Brittany doesn't know I'm alive.\" Bug said, slightly smiling at the thought of him and little Miss Brittany. \"She's gonna, after two days and two nights of star-studded shoes and high stakes gambling!\" Alex smiled. \"Oh yeah.\" I scoffed. \"Or I could just help you with that.\" Alex pointed at the bag with the costume-puppet thing in it that Bug just dropped. \"Yeah, that's just as good.\" Bug joked, hoisting it up and handing it to Alex. \"It's heavy.\" Alex remarked. \"It's all the fluids.\" Bug explained. \"Fluids...?\" I said to myself. \"Hey, Jerome!\" I called to our blind friend. He stopped in the school parking lot, hearing his name, and waited for us to catch up with him. \"Happy birthday!\" I smiled, giving him a quick squeeze. \"Happy birthday to you too Izzy.\" He smiled back at me. \"Happy birthday Alex and Bug.\" \"Happy birthday Jerome.\" The two said. We continued walking towards the school when something began ringing from Bug. He pulled a phone out of his pocket and flipped it open, answering the call. \"Hello?\" Bug asked. \"You like it?\" His mom, May asked on speakerphone. Bug pulled the phone away from his ear. \"Yeah, it's great. Thanks mom.\" Bug smiled. \"I scotch-taped your number to it.\" May informed him. \"And mine, and 9-1-1. Happy birthday, Bug. I love you.\" \"Love you too.\" Bug said into the phone. Oh how I long for him to say those words to me. Bug looked confused \"How do... do I close it?\" \"Hit the red button.\" I supplied, Alex taking the phone to show him. \"Boom, done.\" Alex smirked, shutting the phone \"Small.\" He commented. \"Is that bad?\" Bug asked. \"No that's good.\" Alex said in his I've-got-a-plan voice. \"Jerome!\" Our blind friend's sister strode up to us, looking angry. \"Uh-oh...\" I murmured. \"Here we go.\" She pushed Bug and Alex away, not even acknowledging me, and began berating her younger brother. \"Catch you later, Jerome.\" Alex said as he pulled me away with Bug. We walked up to the school until one of the security guards, Officer Ramirez, stopped us. \"Hold up, guys, what d'you got there?\" \"Just a project for science, sir.\" I smiled sweetly. No adult can resist my sweet face and demeanor. \"I'm gonna have to take that, but I can bring it to your class for you. Where and when?\" Officer Ramirez asked. \"Mr. Kaiser, sixth period Biology.\" I said. He repeated what I said, writing it down \"It'll be there.\" \"Thank you!\" I smiled. \"Thanks Jose.\" Bug thanked him. \"So you wanna come over tonight?\" Alex asked Bug loudly enough for Jose to hear as we walked away \"We could burn the house down with our stepfather in it.\" \"Ha, ha, ha!\" Jose laughed sarcastically after us. \"He give you guys anything for your birthday?\" Bug asked us. \"Yeah, a hematoma.\" Alex said, lifting his shirt to expose a colorful bruise on his abdomen. \"Made it himself, too!\" \"I escaped before the presents were given.\" I said \"Thanks again, Alex.\" \"No problem Izzy-bear.\" Alex smirked at my grimace of the use of my childhood nickname. \"Oh! Behold Bug, what light in yonder window breaks.\" Alex quoted as Brittany Cunningham walked past us. \"She is so beautiful.\" Bug said dreamily, smiling for real. I cursed Brittany. I wanted that smile! \"She's hot for you, too.\" Alex lied. \"You should go over there and talk to her!\" Brittany began talking to Officer Ramirez. \"Uh-oh. Distraction maneuver. Run!\" I cried, pushing Bug and Alex. They turned and ran... right into Brandon O'Neil. \"Bug.\" Brandon greeted \"This is a three.\" The quarterback punched Bug in the shoulder. \"Dunkelman, this is an eight.\" An eight? What did my brother do to deserve an eight?! Before I could react, Brandon grabbed Alex and hit him right in the stomach. Alex grunted in pain and fell to the ground. \"That's the way the cookie crumbles.\" Brandon said. \"Dunkelman, stay away from the Fang Zone! And you, you stay away from him.\" Brandon said to Bug, then he turned to me \"Count yourself lucky, Iz. You got nothing today.\" \"Thanks Brandon. Felt good.\" Alex called weakly after him. \"Ass-wipe.\" Brandon brushed him off. \"Not as good as your mother felt last night though.\" I snapped at Brandon before my brother could continue to say something stupid, my anger flaring. Brandon stopped and turned around, dropping his backpack on the ground. \"Just bought yourself a twenty.\" He glared at me, rushing over. I steeled myself, ready for anything he had to throw at me. My foot went back, preparing for a fight. A shout from Penelope stopped him \"Brandon O'Neil!\" There she stood, fiery hair and all. She stormed over to us \"Do not bring the wrath of Jehovah down upon you. Your sins are already a stench in the nostrils of an angry God.\" Her voice turned soft and almost threatening \"Like knocking up Melanie Pratt, who's only fifteen and the principal's daughter.\". \"What? Melanie's pregnant?\" Brandon asked, shocked dumb. \"She's in my prayer group, duh.\" She said like it was obvious \"What men will do to you in prison is nothing compared to what demons will do to you in Hell. On beds of fire. Through all eternity.\" \"I'm going to get you for this, Penelope.\" Brandon threatened in a low voice. \"If you do, God will get you, Brandon, and it won't be pretty.\" She said in reply. I never agreed with Brandon, but Penelope was a little God-obsessed. Brandon nodded, uncaring or masking his anger \"When you least expect it, Dunkelman.\" He threatened me before walking away. I glared at him, crouching down to Alex's level and trying to ignore the conversation starting between Bug and Penelope. I knew she liked him, but I was pretty sure Bug was as oblivious to her feelings as he was to mine. \"You okay Alex?\" I asked my twin quietly. \"Yeah, I think. Thanks.\" \"You would have said it if I hadn't.\" He chuckled \"I know.\" \"Pray for our souls, Bug. He's coming.\" I heard Penelope say. \"Jesus?\" Bug asked. \"We should be so lucky.\" Penelope hesitated, then leaned up and kissed Bug on the cheek. I bit the inside of my cheek, hard. That Jesus-loving bitch! Wow, I have got to get over my jealousy issues. I felt Alex hold me back \"Easy there, tiger.\" He teased. \"Rise up and gird your loins, Alex.\" She said to my brother \"The end is near.\" What the fuck? \"Watch them, Isabelle.\" She said to me before walking away. \"Oh I'll watch them.\" I murmured \"I'll watch them...\" The bell rang and I helped Alex up, ignoring Bug holding his cheek where Penelope kissed him. \"Come on, up you go.\" I said to Alex. We walked into school, the boys holding their injuries. \"Why is Penelope always saying weird stuff like that?\" Bug asked. \"Parallel universe, baby.\" Alex answered. \"I don't understand her sometimes. I mean, the way she said that.\" Bug grabbed Alex and me, turning us towards him with a strange, wide-eyed look on his face, and spoke in a weird girlish voice that sounded scarily like Penelope \" Pray for our souls, Bug. He's coming .\" He seemed to snap out of it, letting go of us and stepping back \"What if she meant the Ripper? I'm scared.\" \"Me too...\" I admitted. \"Izzy, Bug, we're sixteen. Like it or not, we're men now. Even you, Iz.\" Alex smirked. I rolled my eyes \"Fuck you Alex.\" \"I don't feel like a man.\" Bug said nervously as we climbed the stairs. \"No man does, that's why you got to fake it.\" Alex said. Oh no, here we go again. I had been on the receiving end of Alex's 'fake being a man' spiels before. \"Fake being a man to be a man?\" Bug asked. \"That's the way it works. So, you can't run, you have to face your fear like a man.\" Alex turned towards Bug. \"Even though I'm not a man?\" Bug asked. \"Because you're not a man.\" Alex said \"Listen, the better you fake it, the better man you are.\" \"Just fake it?\" Bug asked, starting to get it. \"Well, fake it good.\" I supplied, knowing Alex's every reply. \"Like if you're scared, act like you don't give a shit.\" Alex explained \"Or if somebody hurts you, say 'Thank you very much, that felt wonderful.'\" \"Thanks Brandon, I can't raise my arm. Feels good.\" Bug attempted. \"Yeah, there you go!\" Alex said proudly. \"That all you got, Brandon?\" Bug continued. \"I mean, I feel downright cheated.\" I giggled, Bug sounded so silly. \"I'm amazed that you're getting this so quick. It's tricky stuff!\" Alex complimented. \"I was faking that I did.\" Bug admitted. The bell rang again \"You were?\" Alex asked. \"Completely.\" Bug said. \"Yeah but you were faking it good.\" I nodded in appreciation. \"I was?\" Bug asked hopefully. \"Abso-fucking-lutely.\" Alex agreed. He patted Bug on the cheek \"You now have permission to shave.\" I sat in math, bored out of my mind. Algebra was simple, nothing more than numbers. As the teacher droned on, I dozed off into my daydreams about Bug. Bug held me close to his body, one arm wrapped tightly around my waist. I straddled his waist, laying against him as we kissed passionately. I bit my lip, releasing a high-pitched moan as Bug moved his lips to my neck, sucking on the hollow skin above my collarbone. Bug flipped us so he was on top. His hands moved to grip my thighs, inching up closer to my crotch while spreading my legs farther apart. He moved a hand up into my shirt, teasing my nipples. His lips left my neck and travelled down my chest, taking a bud in his mouth. I moaned and arched my back to press closer to him. I moved my hands up his shirt, feeling the lean muscles on his stomach and chest, pushing his shirt up. We broke our kiss for only a moment so Bug could pull his shirt off completely, and then we resumed our little tongue dance. Bug fingered the button of my jeans, tugging at it- \"Miss Dunkelman? Would you mind answering the question?\" I snapped out of my fantasy when my algebra teacher, Mrs. Blithe, asked me a question. \"What?\" I asked confused, shaking my head a little to clear it. \"I asked you to answer number twenty-six. Three times.\" The class erupted in giggles. I glanced at the problem on the board and rolled my eyes \" X =24. Let me know when you have something difficult up there.\" Mrs. Blithe looked flustered, and the class erupted into a collective \" Ooooh!\" In gym I got a text from Alex telling me they were about to present their project. I had wanted to see it, so I faked feeling sick and snuck up to their biology classroom when my teacher sent me to the nurse. I got there just in time for Mr. Kaiser to call them up. \"You boys ready?\" Mr. Kaiser asked. I didn't see either of them get up. \"Boys? While we're young. I believe this is yours.\" Mr. Kaiser pointed to Bug's bag as they came into sight from my spot by the doorway. Alex grabbed it and dragged it to the other side of Bug, nodding a hello at me. \"Back from the Brink, by Adam Hellerman and Alex Dunkelman.\" Bug said quietly. He looked uncomfortable. \"Dumbfuckelman.\" I heard someone cough. I raged inside, knowing it was Brandon. \"Brandon.\" Kaiser warned. That piece of shit fucktard. \"Our subject today,\" Bug winced, a hand going to his head \"is about a bird.\" He must be having one of his migraines. My heart went out to him. \"You having another one of your migraines, Adam?\" Kaiser asked. Alex pulled the costume out a little, looking at it in awe. I stared too. \"Shock and awe.\" Alex and I breathed together. \"Adam?\" The teacher asked again. Suddenly, something seemed to click inside Bug \"Our subject today is the largest bird in North America.\" Bug said in a deep, commanding, sexy , voice \"Unchanged since the Pleistocene Epoch and only recently rescued from extinction. I present to you...\" Alex swung the costume around and onto his body \"Gymnogyps californianus.\" Brandon made another stupid comment, lost to my ears as I stared in wonder at this strange, confident Bug. He commanded attention from every part of the room. At least, he certainly had my attention, what with the way I had to press my thighs together. \"The California Condor!\" Bug announced as Alex fully put the costume on, spreading the wings out. The students gasped in surprise. \"Are you ready?\" Bug asked Alex, a sadistic smirk on his face that had me wanting to go in there and jump his bones in front of everyone \"Fly now!\" Alex took off, 'flying' around the room and in between the desks. \"His wingspan is ten feet wide! His body more than four feet high!\" The students had to duck their heads to avoid getting hit by Alex \"He can weigh as much as three hundred and fifty parrots. As for soaring, he can glide effortlessly for days until he finds his food, which is carrion. A dead, stinking body, crawling with maggots, is like ice cream to him!\" \"Bug!\" Mr. Kaiser interrupted. Bug returned to his normal self \"Just showmanship, Mr. Kaiser. The facts are correct.\" I almost snorted with laughter, but was once again mesmerized when Bug spoke once more with that deep voice and bravado \"A California Condor can consume the carcass of a cow in one day.\" \"Bullshit.\" Brandon spoke up again. Alex, who had been crouched down near the door breathing heavily, suddenly turned, standing again and advancing slowly on the students, growling at each person. The students all moved their desks away except Brandon, who sat there with a dumb smirk on his face. \"And if anyone tries to harm it, if anyone even so much as touches one of its feathers, just one...\" Bug goaded him on, a smirk on his face that made me bite my lip with want. Brandon reached forward and ripped a feather from the costume. Out of nowhere, Alex lifted his head and puked all over Brandon. I realized that was the liquid Bug was talking about earlier, so it must have been fake vomit. I hoped to god it was fake, anyways. \"The bird will vomit copiously on its tormentor!\" Bug finished, mad laughter ringing in his voice. Brandon got up from his desk and pushed it away, charging at Alex and tackling him against the wall, hitting him. \"And if that doesn't work, the great bird has another defense, too.\" Bug continued \"Bottle two, Alex!\" He shouted. While Brandon was being held back by Mr. Kaiser, a disgusting brown liquid shot out of the costume's butt and all over Brandon's shoes. \"And that is why no one should ever screw with the California Condor!\" Bug yelled over the noise, a wild look in his eyes. \"Thank you so much Brandon, that felt so good!\" Alex laughed. \"Alex and I would like to thank you all for your kind attention...\" Bug's face lost its confidence and he started to gag. He went to the teacher's desk, gagging over it, and Kaiser hurriedly wrote him a pass, sending him out of the room. Bug almost tripped over me leaving the classroom. \"Jesus Bug!\" I followed after him as he rushed to a bathroom. \"Are you okay?\" He only shook his head in response and ducked into the boy's bathroom. I hesitated, but followed him in. Inside, I heard Bug gagging in a stall, but no sounds of retching. \"You gonna be okay, Bug?\" I asked, leaning against the stall where his gagging was coming from. I waited for an answer, and finally I got one when he stopped. \"I think...\" He replied weakly. He came out of the stall and I immediately wrapped my arms tightly around his neck. \"You had me worried there for a second.\" I murmured against his neck. His arms went around my waist, hugging me back gently. \"I'm fine, Izzy, don't worry.\" I pulled away and sighed, smiling. \"Don't scare me like that.\" I said as he walked to the sink to wash his face \"Awesome project by the way.\" \"You saw it?\" He smiled slightly. \"No, I was just standing outside your classroom door because I have a crush on Brandon.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Are you serious?\" He asked worriedly. \"No... Jeez Bug, you know I hate him.\" I looked at him questioningly. Bug looked me up and down, taking in my shorts and tank top. \"You were in gym?\" I nodded, way to pay attention. Bug splashed water in his face one last time and looked up into the mirror. He gasped in horror. \"Bug?\" I asked in worry. He didn't answer, only stared transfixed into the mirror. The bell rang and he jumped, covering his ears. \"Bug?\" I asked again. \"Did you see him?\" Bug asked, spinning around and staring seriously at me. \"See... Who?\" I asked concerned. \"Jay... He was in the mirror. Didn't you see him?\" \"Bug, there was nothing there...\" Bug turned and gasped loudly, jumping. I squeaked in surprise and turned to see what had shocked Bug so bad. It was only Alex. My back had been to the door, so I hadn't seen him come in. \"Fuck Alex. Alert us or something next time.\" I scolded him. \"What are you doing in the boys restroom dear sister? Feeling frisky, perhaps?\" He asked with a smirk. I scoffed and Alex looked to Bug. \"Didn't mean to scare you guys. You okay Bug?\" \"Yeah.\" Bug said. \"Bug, that was amazing. Oh my god, that suit was genius! I felt like Mothra.\" Alex complimented. \"Nerd.\" I coughed. \"Bitch.\" Alex coughed back. \"How'd you come up with that, Bug?\" Bug shrugged \"I don't know.\" \"Have a good puke?\" Alex asked. \"Couldn't.\" I answered for Bug. \"Try the finger thing?\" Alex tried again. \"Nothing.\" Bug answered. \"Bummer. We should get out of here before someone thinks we're having a three-way with my sister.\" Alex said. \"Ew, oh god I think I might throw up now.\" I pretended to gag a little. \"Oh shit, I gotta go change out of my gym clothes... I'll meet up with you guys later.\" I rubbed Bugs shoulder and hip bumped Alex on my way out. I made my way down to the gym and snuck past the gym teacher, leaving my pass hanging on the wall and slipped into the locker room where I changed and grabbed my stuff before sneaking back out of the gym. I ran back upstairs and caught Bug and Alex by the Fang Zone. \"What are you guys doing up here?! It's almost two, you know that's when Fang and her crew talk!\" I hissed. \"Izzy, it's time for the revolution to start.\" Alex said, grabbing my shoulders \"and I have the perfect plan. You just need to slip Bug's phone into the girl's bathroom.\" \"In the girl's bathroom?!\" Bug and I whisper-yelled. \"I'm sure Brittany is going to be there as well, talking about you.\" Alex told Bug \"We could gather that kind of intelligence also.\" Bug smiled \"Talking about me?\" \"Yeah, yeah! You amazed her back there in biology, Bug. She saw a new man standing there, fascinated, powerful, daring.\" Alex said. \"I certainly did.\" I murmured to myself, thinking about how Bug looked and acted only minutes ago. \"Get your phone in there, and you'll hear it with your own ears.\" Alex continued \"But now we've only got a minute forty-five.\" Bug looked at me pleadingly \"Izzy, please do this.\" I couldn't resist that face! I sighed irritated \"What if somebody's in there?\" I asked. \"No, no, I got that covered.\" Alex whispered, waving us over to peek around the corner. A bunch of girls' shrieks came from the bathroom. Jerome was pushed out, apologizing profusely. \"Wrong bathroom, Jerome!\" a girl yelled \"Yours is down the hall, around the corner!\" \"Did I scare anyone else?\" Jerome asked concernedly. \"No one else is in there; it's the Fang Zone in thirty seconds!\" The other girl said, and the two ran off. \"Clear!\" Jerome whisper-yelled, waving his hands in the air. Then he ran down the hall with his walking stick banging against the lockers. \"Go, go, go!\" Alex urged me. I growled to myself, snatched Bug's phone and took off down the hall. I skidded into the bathroom and looked around for a spot to hide the phone. I looked up and saw a bit of the pipes sticking out in the top corner in the back of a stall, and quickly stepped into the stall, on top of the toilet seat, and placed the phone in the little nook that jutted out from the pipe. I jumped down and ran back out, tearing down the halls as quietly as possible. I saw Alex gesturing me to hurry and I turned the corner where the two boys were and almost fell over when I stopped too quickly. Luckily, Bug caught my arms and held me up, placing me back on my feet. \"Thanks Buggy-boo.\" I panted. Alex looked back at us, a smile on his face \"Mwahaha.\" He fake evil-laughed. Alex had the phone on speaker and we heard Fang speak. \"Brittany, window. Chandelle, door. Maria, you've got five.\" There was a little bit of movement, then Fang said \"Go.\" \"The sophomores have paid another year's protection for their bikes.\" Brittany's voice came through loud and clear, she must have been in the stall or closest to the phone \"And the answers to next week's Organic Chemistry test are selling briskly. Bottom line, two thousand in the bank.\" Two thousand... dollars? Damn. \"We got her.\" Alex chuckled deviously. \"Good numbers.\" Fang said \"speaking of numbers, apparently this morning there was a problem with Brandon giving the punitives? A three and an eight, I believe.\" Brittany's voice moved farther away \"The numbers were administered properly and on schedule, however, before Brandon could leave the area, Penelope Bryte came out of nowhere and told him he was going to hell.\" \"Brandon would enjoy hell. Kick some ass, take names.\" Fang paused \"There something you're not telling me?\" \"Well, Maria's dad was there.\" Brittany admitted. \"I thought I told you to distract him with the baseball stuff!\" Maria's voice accused. \"I did , but Penelope's yelling got your father looking straight at us.\" Brittany said. \"Maybe Penelope needs a Ten.\" Fang said. \"A Ten?\" Alex, Bug, and I echoed at the same time. Oh shit. I didn't really like Penelope with all her religion talk and her crush on Bug, but I would never wish a Ten on her. \"What's her story, anyways?\" Fang continued. \"She's obsessed with Bug.\" Brittany said. \"Girls find him attractive.\" Alex gave me a knowing look that I really hope Bug didn't see. \"Do you?\" Fang's voice asked. \"What?\" Brittany asked. \"Find Bug attractive.\" Fang supplied. \"No, of course not.\" Brittany denied quietly. \"Sorry.\" Alex apologized to Bug. \"He's a lunatic, Brittany!\" Fang exploded through the phone \"A brain-bomb waiting to go off. His only real friends are those Dunkelman's, and the boy just uses him as his monkey and the girl has that stupid crush on him.\" I sucked in a high-pitched breath. Bug looked at me and I looked to the floor. Fang continued \"He's been in and out of institutions half his life. Bug has killed people.\" \"Killed people?\" Alex and I echoed the same time that Bug asked \"Monkey? Crush?\" \"Wake up and smell the Starbucks.\" Fang finished. \"You're right, he's pathetic.\" Brittany said, driving the knife home. \"Brandon's the one for you, Brit. He's a diamond. In the rough, I'll admit, but a diamond just the same.\" Fang assured Brittany \"By comparison, Bug is a lump of coal. Trust me on this. Okay?\" Brittany's answer was too quiet to hear, but I'm sure it was an agreement. What the fuck is Fang going on about? Bug is amazing, he is ten times better than Brandon fucking O'Neil! Bug turned suddenly and began walking away fast. \"Bug, don't run away!\" Alex called, going after him. I followed behind. \"Bug, stop.\" I said when we caught up to him. Alex grabbed his arms, stopping him. \"Bug, say 'Thanks Fang, that felt great.'\" \"I'd be lying.\" Bug said. \"That's the point.\" Alex replied. \"Thanks Fang, that felt great.\" Bug said sarcastically. \"That felt fucking great.\" Alex grinned, encouraging Bug. \"That's a bad word.\" Bug said like a child. \"Be bad, it makes things good.\" I shrugged, still feeling the back of my neck burn with embarrassment. \"Everything's backwards with you two.\" Bug said. \"Just fake that you're bad.\" Alex supplied. Bug sighed \"Thanks Fang, that felt...fucking great. That felt fucking great.\" He turned away. Alex grabbed him again \"Good, but you have to do one more thing.\" \"I can't handle another fucking thing, okay?\" Bug snapped. \"You gotta get your phone back.\" \"Are you fucking kidding me?\" \"I'm not fucking kidding you. They're going to find it, and they're going to trace it, they're going to call your mom.\" Alex warned. \"She's going to have to come in and get humiliated by Principal Pratt.\" I added, knowing that would push him over the edge. \"No fucking way!\" Bug said. \"Way. And enough with the fucks now.\" Alex said. \"You say Fuck.\" Bug pointed out. \" You're not me, okay? \" Alex and Bug said at the same time, mirroring each other's movements. Alex looked down at his hand in surprise. I watched as he and Bug did the exact same things. \" Stop it. \" \" Bug? \" \" Bug. \" They leaned in close \" Boo! \" \" Cut it out. \" I started to get scared \"seriously Bug, enough. Knock it off.\" \" Bug. Bug! \" \" Bug! \" I snapped, stepping in between him and my brother and slapping Bug across the face. That seemed to wake him up \"What just happened?\" He asked. I breathed heavily, biting my lip \"Nothing.\" I sighed angrily, stepping away and leaving. \"Izzy, Izzy, wait!\" Alex called after me, but I waved him off and kept walking. He didn't come after me. I stormed down the hallway. Stupid Bug. Scaring me like that. Stupid fucking Alex, coming up with stupid ideas that hurt Bug's feelings and reveal my crush on him. I rarely got mad for real at my brother, but right now I was furious. I walked out of school with Alex, still ignoring him. \"C'mon Izzy, you can't be mad at me still. It's not like I told Fang to talk about your crush on Bug.\" Alex said. I kept my head turned away childishly, not saying a word. \"Izzy... Izzy-busy-bee. Izzy-bear.\" Alex began to call me by my childhood nicknames. It irked me, but I continued to ignore him. \"Hey look, there's bug.\" Alex said. I couldn't help it, I looked up. The little shit knew my weakness. \"You win this time, Alex.\" I growled as we walked up to Bug. \"Connecticut Condor?\" Alex asked, looking up at the large bird soaring above the school. \"Turkey Vulture.\" Bug and I answered at the same time. Both boys gave me a look of incredulity, probably mirroring my own. How did I know that? Bug brushed it off and continued \"You find Jay?\" \"No, weird. He always answers.\" Alex answered. \"Yeah, he didn't answer mine either.\" I said. Which was weirder, because we all knew about Jay's not-so-secret crush on me, so he always answers my calls. \"I saw him.\" Bug said. \"Where?\" Alex asked. Oh no, Bug had said something about seeing Jay in the... \"In the boys' bathroom mirror.\" Bug hesitated \"He was in the river, I think. He tried to say something, but-\" \"Bug, it's best not to think about your nightmares today.\" Alex interrupted. \"It wasn't a nightmare.\" Bug said \"Izzy was there.\" \"Did you see Jay?\" Alex turned to me. I bit my lip in hesitation, unable to meet Bug's pleading eyes. \"No.\" I admitted with a sigh. \"Whatever it was. Look, all eight of us are on edge today. Seeing the Ripper in all sorts of weird places. It's like Brandon said, the way the cookie crumbles.\" My brother's voice dropped \"For us. Just for today.\" He turned away, starting his walk home. \"You're a Condor.\" I reminded Bug, sitting next to him on the bench \"You eat death for breakfast. Remember that.\" \"Izzy!\" Alex yelled, wanting me to follow him home, lest we suffer the wrath of Quint for being late. \"Stay safe today.\" I advised, standing. I bit my lip, and driven by an unknown courage, I leaned down and gave Bug a kiss on the cheek, the one opposite where Penelope had kissed him this morning. His cheek was soft and warm, smooth under my lips. \"Call us after Pratt.\" I said, walking away to catch up with Alex. \"What was that all about?\" Alex teased, suddenly in a better mood. \"Nothing, shut up.\" I pushed at his shoulder, hoping I wasn't blushing. Alex smirked \"You so want him.\" \" So bad!\" I admitted \"Oh shit, did I really just say that out loud?\" \"I knew it!\" Alex laughed \"You totally want to fuck Bug!\" \"What ever Alex. Hell, mind your own business.\" I giggled nervously. \"Aww, my sissy is embarrassed 'cause she wants to fuck Bug!\" Alex teased in a baby voice. \"Careful Alex,\" I threatened \"Today's Ripper Day and you never know what'll happen.\" \"Oh believe me,\" He chuckled \"this will be a Ripper Day to remember.\" I lay on my bed while Alex watched TV in our room. I flipped through some boring homework I probably wouldn't finish until the very last minute. A thought to further my procrastination suddenly popped into my head. \"Shit!\" I cried, hopping off my bed. \"What?!\" Alex startled, jumping in place. \"I forgot to give Bug his birthday present!\" I dug around a spot near my bed and pulled out a rectangular present, wrapped in simple brown paper tied with a thin red string. \"I'll be back later, watch out for the step-fiend.\" I said to Alex before sucking out the window. It was a bit chilly as I walked to Bug's house, but I didn't feel like running like I had this morning. So I sped-walked. It still took a while, and by the time I got to Bug's house it was dark. I climbed up onto the roof and through Bug's window. But the room was empty. There were sounds of something smashing next door in Fang's room, and for a moment I was scared, but then it stopped. I heard her door open and I hid behind Bug's bed, the side not facing the door. \"Hi.\" I heard Bug's mom say. The voice replying was Bug's \"Hi.\" \"Is Leah okay?\" His mom asked. \"Leah's fine.\" Bug said, and I heard his footsteps walk into the room. I stayed down, not wanting to interrupt or be seen. \"Are you?\" Ms. Hellerman asked \"You look...\" Bugs footsteps stopped, then continued in the opposite direction. He must have been walking back towards the door. \"I know you're not my mother.\" He said. Holy crap. What? \"Bug, I'm so sorry.\" Ms. Hellerman said after a beat of silence \"I never meant-\" \"I hope you know something, too.\" Bug interrupted her. \"What?\" She asked. \"That you are my mom. That one you're stuck with, like it or not.\" I didn't hear anything from Ms. Hellerman, but I did hear Bug walk further into his room and the tearing of paper. It was silent for a while, until I decided to pop my head up. \"Bug!\" I whispered. His head shot up from a letter he was reading. \"Izzy?\" He whispered back \"When did you get here?\" \"Just a minute ago.\" \"How?\" \"Through the window, duh.\" \"What are you doing here?\" He asked. I stood up and snuck over to him, pulling the present out from behind my back \"I forgot to give you this. Happy birthday.\" He gave me a half-hearted smile \"Thanks.\" That's when I noticed the blood. \"Holy shit, Bug, what happened to your nose?\" I instantly reached up to cup his face, checking him for any more injuries. \"Leah.\" He shrugged. \"Are you okay?\" We both froze at the sound of Ms. Hellerman's voice. But she wasn't talking to us. \"Maria just called.\" Leah responded. \"They found Jay Chan in the river this morning.\" I gasped, Bug covering my mouth with his hand to muffle the sound. He pulled me over to his doorway, hiding us in the shadows of the corner in the wall. \"No!\" Bugs mom gasped. \"Penelope Bryte near the old ambulance. Brandon and Brittany in the woods nearby.\" Leah paused and we saw Ms. Hellerman walk past the door, not seeing us. Leah's voice got quiet and she choked \"I was a total shit to her today, and she's dead.\" \"How can that be?\" Ms. Hellerman asked. \"You know how that can be, May!\" Leah snapped \"Our father is still alive.\" Who is their father? \"Let's wait to see what really happened.\" May said. \"What's really happening May is he's killing his way through the Riverton Eight. He'll get Jerome, and the Dunkelman's, and then he'll come for us.\" Was Leah saying that the Ripper was her and Bug's dad? No... It's not possible. \"No. We'll go to the church and be with the others.\" May said. Bug shut his door quietly, but we could still hear their muffled voices. \"I'll go to church with you, May. But this is the last time I'll go with you.\" Leah walked past the door \"And I'm sorry, I had to tell him. I'll get the car and be out front. Get Bug, okay?\" Bug stood with his back against the door. When May knocked, we looked at each other worriedly. Bug grabbed my hand and pulled me under his bed. If it weren't for the distressing news we just heard, I think I would have been delighted to be in such a tight space with Bug. May opened the door and walked in. But she left when seeing the empty room. Bug and I waited, hearing her wall down the stairs. A car honked outside. Finally Bug wiggled his way to the edge and pulled himself out from under the bed. He crouched down and held his hand out to me. I grabbed it and he pulled me out as well. I pulled him into a hug instantly, tears pricking at my eyes. \"Oh god Bug.\" I breathed \"They're dead. Shit.\" A few tears leaked out and ran down my cheeks. Bug held me, letting me fist my hands in his shirt. Sirens wailed in the distance and something clambered at the window. Bug and I released each other immediately and turned to see Alex climb in. \"Fuck, Alex.\" I breathed out shakily. \"You didn't come home, so I got worried.\" He answered. \"I figured you'd come.\" Bug said, suddenly very serious. \"Really? Have you heard?\" Alex asked us both. \"I've heard. I've heard a lot.\" Bug said. \"Oh?\" Alex questioned. \"The Riverton Ripper, Abel Plenkov?\" Bug asked. \"Yeah?\" \"He was my father.\" Alex sighed and admitted \"That... I know.\" \"You do?\" Bug and I questioned at the same time. How did Alex know, and I didn't? \"The parents of all the eight know. I think I'm the only kid. My mother told me the day she died.\" Alex said. \"Why didn't anyone tell me?\" Bug asked. \"Sorry, we thought you were too...\" Alex hesitated, looking for a word \"I don't know.\" \"Innocent?\" Bug scoffed. \"I guess.\" \"Why didn't you tell me?\" I questioned my brother. I hadn't been there when mom died. I was at home with the flu and didn't know she was on her deathbed. Alex turned to me \"I didn't tell you because I knew you had that crush-\" I shot him a glare telling him to shut up, my eyes flicking to Bug for a second. \"I'm not so innocent anymore.\" Bug said. \"Yeah, I can see that.\" Alex chuckled, picking at Bug's shirt \"Who beat you up?\" \"Fang.\" Bug answered simply. \"Figures.\" Alex shrugged. I was lost for words when Bug suddenly pulled off his shirt. He wasn't especially gifted with muscles, but he had a lean, flat body and slightly defined pecs that looked just as delicious. His arms however, had definite muscle on them, which almost had me drooling, imagining being wrapped in his strong arms as he did unspeakably pleasurable things to my body. My fantasies were interrupted when he spoke again. \"Penelope sent me a letter.\" That bitch. \"A love letter?\" Alex asked, his eyes sliding my way. \"No.\" Bug denied, and I let out a quiet sigh of relief and continued to stare at his gorgeous chest \"She wrote to warn me that he'd be coming back for us. My father. She had a source.\" \"Oh yeah. Anything else?\" I asked, out of fantasy land now that Bug had put a shirt back on. \"She said that there are two ways he can come from.\" He walked around Alex to the window \"One, if he survived sixteen years ago, then he'll come back as Abel Plenkov. Dad.\" He shut his window and locked it. \"Option two?\" Alex asked. \"Option two is that he did die,\" He walked back to the door and shut it, locking it \"and his soul went into one of the eight kids who were born the night he died.\" He walked back to us. \"Hopped the nearest bus.\" Alex joked weakly. \"In this version,\" Bug continued \"he's one of us killing all the rest.\" \"Attack from the unexpected direction.\" I murmured. \"Yeah.\" Bug agreed next to me. \"There's not many of us left to be unexpected, though.\" Alex said in almost dark thought. \"You, me, Izzy, and Jerome.\" Bug listed off quickly. \"Jerome's not a very good candidate.\" I noted. \"Mm-mm.\" Bug said. \" So, you, me, or Bug.\" Alex listed. \"That's option two.\" Bug reminded. I sighed \"I like option one better.\" \"Makes more sense.\" Alex said, walking to Bugs window \"The Ripper who was shot and stabbed, had a little fender-bender, ended up in the river, no biggie. He patched himself up with stuff from the ambulance. Survives on acorns and crawfish for sixteen years. So he just crawled out of the river in a rotting overcoat to take his revenge. I'll just call the cops and tell them to keep an eye out for the Unabomber's evil twin.\" Bug suddenly pulled out a large knife. \"Or not.\" I squeaked. \"What is that?\" \"The biggest knife I could find in the kitchen.\" Bug answered, playing with it. \"Bug...\" Alex trailed off. \"What would you say,\" Bug advanced on my brother, then suddenly turned towards me with the knife \"If I told you I was going to kill Izzy, Alex?\" I squeaked loudly in fright. \"I'd say you weren't.\" Alex said hesitatingly. \"Why not?\" Bug asked, pointing the blade closer to me. I whimpered, my eyes flicking between the knife and Bug. \"Because you're our best friend.\" Alex sounded choked up \"Because you're Bug.\" Bug turned the knife in his hand and held it towards Alex \"Now you ask us.\" Alex took the knife, staring at it almost fondly \"You don't think I could kill somebody?\" He questioned. \"No!\" I immediately answered \"You're my brother, you could never do something so fucked up!\" Alex looked to Bug for his answer. \"No.\" Bug answered firmly. \"You'd both be wrong. Dead wrong.\" Alex said, moving the knife into a better holding position, the blade pointed towards Bug. \"You killed Penelope and Jay?\" Bug asked frightfully. \"And Brandon and Brittany?\" I asked, staring at my brother in horror. Alex swung the knife past mine and Bug's faces, wedging the blade into the wood of Bug's desk. \"Of course not.\" He looked up at Bug, not meeting my eyes \"I killed my stepfather.\" I gasped \"You killed Quint?\" \"He was drunk.\" Alex explained, sounding tearful, and he collapsed into Bug's desk chair \"He hit me. For the first time in my life, I hit him back. Fell down the steps and broke his stupid neck.\" \"Oh my god.\" I crawled into my brother's lap and held him tight \"It's okay Alex, okay?\" He shoved me off, hard \"No, it's not okay!\" He yelled \"What I did... it's not okay for everybody to be killing each other all the time!\" My lip trembled, and I moved to sit on Bug's bed. Bug walked over and sat next to me. \"You both wouldn't want something to drink?\" He offered quietly. \"You got rat poison?\" Alex asked, his voice wavering. Bug shook his head and joked quietly \"No, we just ran out of rat poison. I'm going to get you water.\" \"I'll go with you.\" I sniffled and wiped at my eyes \"I should probably fix myself.\" Bug stood up, patting Alex on the shoulder. I stood as well and followed Bug out. He put a hesitant arm around my shoulder and gently rubbed my arm. \"It's gonna be okay.\" He assured me. We walked into the bathroom, and I sat down on the edge of the tub, my face in my hands as I tried to suppress the shocked tears fighting to escape. Bug gasped at something, and I looked up, my eyes blurry from collecting tears, but I could see that he was looking at the mirror. I blinked my eyes, wiping them, and when I opened them Bug was holding a bloody knife. I covered my mouth so I wouldn't shriek. \"What is this?\" Bug asked no one. Maybe himself. He reached over and flipped on the lights. The blood on the knife illuminated to a bright red. \"Bug... Where did you get that?\" I asked in a shocked whisper. He looked at me, not answering, only staring at me with a blank face like he didn't even see me, like he just saw right through me. He turned the sink on and washed off the blade. I stood and stepped behind him to watch. When he lifted the blade and wiped it off, I could read the engraving. Vengeance , it said. Bug flipped the knife shut. Something clattered in one of the rooms. Bug suddenly flipped the blade open, and he stared at in shock, like it opened on its own. \"Bug, I think it came from downstairs.\" I breathed. Creepy knife or not, I trusted Bug. With my life, even, which I'm pretty sure will happen soon enough. We walked out of the bathroom and made our way down the hall. Bug stopped at his room. \"Alex, I'll be right back-\" I looked in at his sudden stop, and saw that his room was empty. Alex was gone. Something sounded downstairs and we got back to business, walking slowly down the stairs. The front door was open slightly, and Bug moved to shut it with his foot. I saw someone through the dining room. \"Bug!\" I hissed, tugging his arm and pointing. Bug looked and walked over towards the doorway. \"Ripper?\" He called out. The man yelled and turned around. I shrieked in shock and ducked behind Bug. \"Son of a bitch!\" The man yelled. He didn't sound like the Ripper. \"Drop the knife, Bug.\" He ordered. I looked up. Officer Paterson? He had his gun pointed at Bug and I. \"Now.\" Bug dropped the knife to the floor. \"Kick it over to me.\" Bug complied with Paterson's orders, and the knife skittered across the floor. Officer Paterson kicked it farther, and it landed by the back door. \"I'm sorry; I thought you were somebody else.\" Bug apologized. \"Get your hands up.\" Paterson ordered \"Both of you. Up!\" Bug and I put our hands up. \"Walk slow.\" Paterson commanded. We took slow tentative steps towards the police officer. \"Why are you pointing that at him?\" I asked. Paterson held out his hand in a stop motion and we stopped walking \"That's far enough.\" He addressed me \"Why? His phone was found next to Brittany Cunningham's body.\" \"It fell into her purse at school.\" Bug explained, stammering \"That was an accident. You can ask my mom.\" \"Your mom is why I have to arrest you both, Bug.\" Paterson said. He turned his head up the side. Bug and I looked to where he was staring. In a puddle of blood lay May Hellerman. I muffled a scream and a sob with my hands and grabbed the back of a chair, feeling faint. I sat down, trembling in shock. May had been like a mother to Alex and I when our own mother died. She was there to help us and love us. To take care of us when Quint became too much to handle, or to hide us when he went on a rampage and we were able to escape. Nausea rolled in waves in my stomach, and I felt like throwing up. Bug had a more emotional reaction. \"Mom!\" He screamed, lunging towards her body. Officer Paterson caught him and held him back, pushing Bug back. \"Easy!\" Paterson said. \"You, get up.\" I stood shakily and took my place next to Bug, holding him for physical and emotional support. \"Stay there.\" \"I was there when they cut you out of your mother, Bug.\" Paterson confided \"You were the one thing that made the whole bloody mess bearable. A fucking-\" \"Miracle?\" Bug asked. \"Yes! Something bright in the dark. And ever since, for all of us that were there, Bug, that's what you've been.\" Officer Paterson sighed \"Fuck, how could you do this?\" \"He didn't.\" I cried hoarsely. Officer Paterson looked sad \"Hold out your hands. You two.\" \"Where's my sister?\" Bug asked, sounding defeated, like he knew no one would believe he had done this, and he was okay with it. \"Why don't you tell me?\" Paterson asked. The lights went out. I whimpered loudly in the dark, my hand finding Bug's for comfort. There was a loud grunt and a strange, squishy sound, and Paterson screamed in agony. In the dark I could see a large, hunched figure. \"It's time.\" The figure said in a deep, demonic voice. Bug gasped and pulled me back. A knife whizzed past my face. Bug kept pulling me back until I tripped over my own feet and brought us crashing down onto a table, smashing it. Bug let go of my hand and we crawled backwards until our backs hit the couch, dodging the Rippers blade. Bug kicked him back and stood up, fighting him off. The sound of a knife slicing skin and Bug crying out brought me to my feet. I ran over as Bug pushed the Ripper to the floor and I picked up a vase and threw it down at the Ripper. It smashed satisfactorily against his head. Bug grabbed my hand and pulled me \"Come on!\" He yelled, tugging me out of the room. He pulled me around the corner into the dining room and pushed me behind him, waiting behind the doorway. He peeked around the corner and then stepped fully into the doorway. I peered around the corner and saw what had surprised Bug; the Ripper was gone. Bug turned back around and looked throughout the room. I spotted a large knife next to Bug's birthday cake and reached for it, when the Ripper appeared again, yelling. I screamed and snatched my hand back, racing out of the dining room with Bug and the sound of the Rippers taunting laugh behind us. Bug dropped down and snatched up Officer Patterson's fallen gun. He held it up where the Ripper had been, but no such luck. He had disappeared again. But not entirely. \"They should have never cut you out of your dead mother.\" The Ripper said softly, his dark, low voice echoing through the house. Bug stood and we walked to another room, Bug watching our front and I our back. A door squeaked and we walked that way hurriedly. But nothing was around. We walked back the way we came, slowly. The Ripper snarled from next to me and I screeched as the burning pain of the knife slashed through my shoulder blade. Bug turned, ready with the gun, but the Ripper was gone as soon as he appeared. I winced from pain but assured Bug I was fine, and we continued our search. Bug pulled back a curtain from a window and the Ripper yelled from behind us. Bug turned and fired the gun, but to no avail. A chair moved in the other room. \"What happened to your wings, Angels?\" The Ripper taunted. The Ripper yelled and sliced at Bug and I. I heard Bug cry out, and shoot the gun. The Ripper grunted, but moved easily, because he didn't get hit with the bullet. I felt another slice at my back and I cried out as well. Bug turned and shot in my direction, but no hits. Bug continued to fire everywhere the Ripper popped up around us, but still nothing. I was pressed close to Bug, and he fired in one direction until there were no bullets left. It was quiet for a mere second. \"Fucking piece of shit!\" The Ripper roared and tackled me, ripping me away from Bug. I screamed both in shock and the pain of my back hitting the floor, but fought against the Rippers hold, pushing and kicking. My foot made contact with his guy and he doubled over. I squirmed away and stood, running back to Bug who had gone into another room. I found him by his cake, looking for the knife. I heard the Ripper stand, and suddenly a hand covered both mine and Bugs mouths, and we were pulled back into a closet. A girls voice shushed us, hissing \"Shut the fuck up. Shut up!\" It was Leah! She pulled Bug back into the shadows, and he pulled me, putting me flat against his chest. I gripped his shirt, my head leaning against his chest as I watched the door. I could hear Bug's heart racing just like mine was. The Ripper's shadow passed over the door, pausing before slowly moving again. \"Come out, come out, wherever you are.\" His gravelly voice mocked. His heavy footsteps continued before a door opened and a dog barking was heard. The Ripper must have gone outside. I let go of Bug and took a small step away. Leah turned to us and finally noticed our bloody state. \"Ew.\" She remarked. \"It's not as bad as it looks.\" Bug reassured her. \"How did you get away?\" I whispered. \"I was already in the car.\" She said \"I came inside just to see where May was, and I found her dead. I knew that fucker would come for us.\" I looked out the slits in the door \"Maybe he's gone.\" I whispered after a moment. \"No, no, no.\" Bug said quickly, pushing me back. \"Let's go.\" Leah said, and Bug shushed her. After a short, silent moment, Bug whispered \"I think we should-\" He was cut off by the Ripper yelling and smashing through the door, pushing Leah into the wall and knocking her out. The Ripper grabbed Bug and pulled him out of the closet, Bug yelling the whole way. I screamed \"Bug!\" and climbed through the splintered wood after him. The Ripper hit Bug and threw him to the floor. \"Die, die, die!\" The Ripper yelled, unsheathing his knife and kicking Bug. I looked around frantically for something to hit him with. Nothing was around, so I decided on doing something stupid. I jumped at the Rippers back, knocking him aside. He stumbled, and I locked my arms around his neck. \"Go to Hell!\" I screamed. \"Get off me you bitch!\" He roared, swinging wildly. His knife cut at my hands and arms and I let go, falling to the floor. \"You're dead now, fucking cunt.\" He held up his knife, ready to stab me and end it all. I sent Bug one last, fleeting glance before the knife drove into my heart. Only it didn't. There was a loud crash upstairs and the Ripper paused, looking up. \"Fuck.\" He cursed, kicking me in the ribs and running upstairs. \"Leah, call the cops.\" Bug called out, sitting up. I groaned quietly, sitting up as well. I heard Leah stir and murmur \"Son of a bitch.\" Bug stood and helped me to my feet before we rushed over to Leah and helped her up. \"Leah, I need you to get the lights on. Get out of the house, get to the neighbors, and call the cops. You think you can do that for me?\" Bug asked her. \"What are you going to do?\" Leah asked. \"I'm going to give that fucker a Ten.\" Bug answered angrily. \"Make it a twenty.\" Leah said, crawling away. \"Izzy, you go with her.\" Bug suddenly turned to me. \"What?! Like fucking hell I will!\" I snapped \"I'm with you whether you like it or not!\" \"I can't risk losing you.\" He said quietly, and I felt all the unspoken emotion. I put one hand behind his head and pulled him to me, our lips connecting in a short but meaningful kiss. \"I can't risk losing you.\" I repeated \"If we go, we go together.\" Bug stared in my eyes, searching for any proof that I couldn't do this with him. Finally he sighed and agreed. \"Okay. Let's go.\" We stood and ran to the stairs, climbing them. We got to the top and the lights turned on, brightening the house. Bug and I entered his room, and it looked just the same as before. Bug walked to his desk and picked up the knife still embedded in the wood. He turned back to me, a grave look on his face. He walked out into the hallway, and a door rattled. We walked towards the noise \"Ripper?\" Bug called out. He opened the door, but the room was empty. \"Shit.\" Bug cursed, shutting the door. We walk back to Bugs room and that's when I noticed something different. \"Bug, you're window. It's open.\" I said. Bug looked towards the window, and there it was, open to the world. A dog barked outside again. Bug walked to the window and ran his finger over the ledge. When he picked up his finger, it was slicked with blood. He looked up and behind. I followed his gaze to his closet, the door handle covered with bloody fingerprints. Bug walked over to it and hesitatingly slid the door aside. Whoever was inside began yelling and thrashing his way out, hitting at Bug. I recognized the dark skin and large frame. \"Jerome! Jerome!\" I cried \"Jerome, it's us! Bug and Izzy!\" Jerome froze; touching at Bugs face to make sure it was him. Then the blind boy collapsed to the floor, taking Bug with him. I kneeled with them. \"Jerome. Jerome!\" Bug said, and that's when I noticed the blood soaking Jerome's stomach. \"The Ripper's up here, guys.\" Jerome rasped \"Watch out.\" \"It's okay, Jerome. He's gone, alright?\" I tried to speak soothingly, but all the excitement was beginning to take its toll. \"What are you doing here? You're supposed to be at the church.\" Bug choked on his words, rushing them. \"Alex called me.\" Jerome said \"He said all four of us should be together. Watch each other's backs. I was halfway through the window when the Ripper stabbed me.\" \"How'd he get up here?\" Bug asked, continuously looking over his shoulder for the Ripper. \"He must have come up the roof like I did.\" Jerome explained \"I passed out on the roof, and then I came to and I heard fighting. Was that you?\" He coughed violently. \"Him, me and Izzy. Yeah, it was. He was kicking my ass too. Izzy got in a few good shots though.\" Bug chuckled fruitlessly. \"I bet she did.\" Jerome chuckled weakly \"I tried calling the cops but I knocked over something, and then I heard him coming for me so I ducked for the closet.\" \"You saved our lives, Jerome.\" I ran my hand gently over his head. \"I did?\" He asked in wonder. I nodded \"Mm-hmm. You're our hero. He was going to kill me and Bug, but you distracted him.\" \"Good.\" Jerome laughed softly, painfully. \"Dude, it's going to be okay.\" Bug assured Jerome worriedly \"Help is coming, alright?\" \"You fought the Ripper, Bug.\" Jerome spoke of last night, when Bug failed to fight off the fake Ripper puppet \"You're a hero, like I told you.\" His breathing became shallow. \"I'm not a hero, Jerome. I'm just...\" Bug stopped, noticing Jerome stopped breathing \"Jerome?\" He shook Jerome's body gently. \"Jerome?\" I whispered, my voice thick. Bug felt for a pulse, but I knew there wasn't going to be one. I buried my face into Bugs shoulder, my shoulders twitching with held-back tears. He held me, his own breathing catching as he tried to hold back sobs as well. After a moment, Bug stood up and went to his desk, throwing the knife onto it. I got to my feet and joined him at his dresser, watching our reflections stare back at us. Something clattered at the window and we spun around. Alex climbed through the window. \"Alex!\" I cried, never more happy to see my brother. I ran to him, throwing my arms around him in a tight hug. \"Oh god, where have you been? I was so worried.\" He hugged back before pulling away, surveying Bug and I \"What the fuck happened to the two of you?\" He asked, rushing to Bug and taking me with him. Bug said nothing, but took a fleeting glance at Jerome. Alex looked as well. \"What happened to Jerome?!\" He cried, crouching down to his friends body in horror \"He's dead!\" \"The Ripper got him.\" Bug said, taking my hand in his. \"A lots happened since you've been gone, Alex. Where'd you disappear to?\" \"I-I saw Paterson pulling up outside and I ran. I hid in the woods.\" My brother explained quickly \"Then I heard gunshots, so I came back. I was afraid he shot you or Izzy or something. Where is he, anyway?\" \"Downstairs. He's dead.\" I said quietly. \"What?\" Alex asked in shock \"What happened?\" \"The Ripper happened! He killed mom too.\" Bug said gruffly. Alex exhaled \"May? I can't believe this. You two went to get me a glass of water, and now your mom, Paterson, and Jerome are dead?\" Alex paused \"Where were you two?\" \"I ran into Penelope.\" Bug said. \"What?\" I asked. \"Penelope is dead, Bug.\" Alex said. \"I saw her in the bathroom mirror.\" That's what he was staring at! \"She brought me Ripper's knife and made me take it.\" Bug went and shut his door \"Then I heard something downstairs, and we went to come check on you, and you were gone. Paterson wasn't after you, he was after me. He thought that I killed Brittany and my mom.\" \"It was the Ripper.\" I said, relieved that Bug was once again at my side. \"And where's the Ripper now?\" Alex asked, looking confused or suspicious. \"I guess he got out my window. Or went out Leah's, hers is open too. And he tried to stab me and Izzy to death with his-\" \"Stab you with what?\" Alex asked. \"With his knife.\" I said like it was obvious. \"I thought Bug had his knife.\" Alex said. \"I did, but...\" Bug stammered. \"Did you kill them, Bug?\" Alex asked slowly. \"What?\" Bug snapped, confused. I gasped \"Alex, how could you say that?!\" \"No, I-I didn't kill anybody.\" Bug said. \"Not that you remember.\" Alex brought back the words Bug had used himself earlier. \"Bug, I gotta tell you something. Iz, you need to hear this too. And, don't get upset.\" \"What?\" Bug and I asked. Alex spoke softly like he was talking to children \"My mom told me this. Your father was first diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was sixteen. Just like you are now.\" \"What are you saying?\" I snapped. \"It's hereditary.\" Alex explained, still speaking in that soft voice \"Plus, you were in your dead mom forever. Oxygen deprivation. It can make you crazy, too. Maybe all this stuff you've been describing didn't happen exactly the way you're saying it did.\" \"Fuck you, Alex. I've been with him the whole time!\" I gripped Bug's hand tighter. \"You think I'm crazy?\" Bug asked, his voice rough. \"No, I don't know what I think! But I'm not walking away. I've stuck by you through everything. Through nightmares and migraines, hell, puking vultures when everybody else was calling you a ticking time bomb. So if you're not innocent anymore, that's okay. I mean, I killed my stepfather tonight. I'm no angel, either.\" Sirens wailed in the distance, and Alex stepped towards the window to look out of it. \"I'm not innocent anymore, Alex. Not with all of them inside me now.\" Bug suddenly said. \"Bug?\" I asked softly, looking up at him. He just squeezed my hand. Alex turned around \"What? With who inside you?\" \"The rest of the Riverton Eight. Even Jerome.\" Bug said calmly \"All their souls are with me now.\" I watched a tear run down his face and I gently brushed it away. \"Bug, maybe you should sit down and take a few deep breaths.\" Alex advised. \"You think I'm crazy.\" Bug accused, a smirk on his face \"I'm actually a lot smarter than I was yesterday. Let me ask you a question.\" Bug walked forward to Alex, taking me with him \"Why is there blood on your left ear?\" \"What?\" Alex asked, feeling his ear. \"The top.\" Bug said, then reached out and grabbed at Alex's ear. Alex yelled out and swatted away Bug's hand \"Hey!\" Bug's finger came away coated in blood \"Almost like you were hit with a vase or something.\" I gasped, thinking back to when I had thrown the vase down on the Ripper's head \"No...\" \"Brandon told me to look for that.\" Bug continued. \"Bug, you are officially bat-shit nuts. You even got my own sister believing you. I scraped it climbing up the roof.\" Alex explained \"Come on, let's get real here.\" \"Jay says that Ripper's getup was a costume for sure.\" Bug went on \"Oh! And Brittany's run a timeline! You would have had enough time to kill Mom and put the knife in the bathroom sink while Izzy and I were hiding under the bed and Leah was outside in the car. And if Jerome came in the window while we were in the bathroom getting you water, you would've had time to stab him, and go downstairs and kill Paterson. You might have tried to kill me, too. And your own sister. But if you heard Jerome upstairs, you would've had to get up there before he called the cops.\" Alex shook his head, sighing in disbelief \"I could've killed you both off earlier, remember?\" I thought back to when Bug had handed Alex the knife to see if he would kill us \"Bug, you've watched one too many Law and Order reruns.\" He walked around Bug and I \"Besides, I'm a little guy. Both of you could beat me up in like, ten seconds.\" \"Unless you had the bad soul in you.\" I realized \"And then you would fight like you were possessed.\" \"Can't fucking believe you two.\" Alex growled \"You're Adam Plenkov!\" He yelled at Bug \"The son of a mass murderer! Everybody in your house, and all your friends, except me and Izzy, have been murdered. If there's a bad soul here, you have it.\" He pointed his finger in Bugs face. \"And you got it from your father. Maybe you have been in institutions. Maybe you have killed people, in your past life . But you're too stupid and blind to see that. Even you, Izzy. Blinded by your stupid fucking crush on him. Maybe they'll find your Ripper costume buried along with your stupid condor outfit.\" Alex threatened, \"And they will come for you with torches.\" \"What?\" Bug swallowed thickly \"I didn't bury any Ripper costume with my condor.\" Alex smirked evilly \"Somebody did.\" He said in a deep, gravelly voice. The Rippers voice . My breath caught in my throat. I felt like choking, or fainting. This wasn't happening. This couldn't be happening. \"You son of a-\" Bug lunged at Alex, but Alex punched him in the face, sending Bug flying back. I screamed, backing into a corner. Alex - no, the Ripper- rushed to Bug and held him with one hand, the other taking out the knife and flipping it open \"Evil doesn't forget betrayal, Plenkov. You and the other sick Dr. Blake got me and then ran away like cowards. Jumped into the first babies you could hide in. So I saved you for last. And I can kill you now, and your little girlfriend, or you both can say yes to a deal.\" \"What deal?\" Bug asked, glaring at Alex-the-Ripper. \"Same one I offered your father, sixteen years ago today. Say yes, and you live. Say no, and I cut your throat, and have a little fun with the missy over there before I kill her too.\" The Ripper threatened. I felt bile rise in my throat at his words. Quint had done a few things to me after my mom died, things I didn't like to think about, but never anything so extreme. \"Say yes to what?\" Bug asked. \"To my happy ending of Riverton's fairytale.\" The Ripper began backing up \"There was no Ripper. Just one of the Riverton Eight that was a little crazy, dressed up like the Ripper, killed your mom and Paterson, and four of his birth-mates. Before we finally stopped him.\" \"One of the Riverton Eight?\" Bug asked. \"The one of the eight with the bad soul.\" The Ripper pointed his knife down at Jerome \"The Ripper's soul.\" \"Jerome?\" I asked in shock. \"Great twist, huh?\" The Ripper turned to smirk at me before turning back to Bug \"Everybody will think you were the killer but it turns out the attack came from a totally unexpected direction.\" \"You'd lay all this on Jerome?\" Bug asked disgust evident in his voice. \"He won't mind, he's dead.\" Ripper grinned sickeningly \"Us three will be Main-Street heroes, helping each other forge a new beginning. Recovering from our tragic losses. Friends to the end.\" \"And what about my end of the deal?\" I asked, stepping forward bravely, a determined glare on my face. The ripper turned towards me with a sadistic smile on his face \"You, my dear, play an important role as well. When all this is said and done, we find out we're not really twins; we're not even related! No one left alive to prove us wrong, eh? Along the way we fall hopelessly in love, and you will be mine forever. What do you say, deal?\" \"Don't do it, Izzy!\" Bug yelled. \"Quiet!\" The Ripper snapped at him before turning back to me \"Waiting for your answer still...\" I spat at his feet \"You make me sick.\" I hissed. The rippers grin began to fade into a grimace. \"You're pathetic.\" Bug spoke up, walking until he was glowering right in the Rippers face \"I don't even think you're Alex. I don't know who you are.\" The Ripper snarled and hit Bug in the gut, kneed him in the head when he bent over, and shoved him into the desk. He pushed Bug against the desk and held him there \"I'm the one that's going to kill you and her if you don't say yes.\" He pushed off of Bug \"And then I'll say you did it, and I'll be the hero all by myself.\" \"Leah saw the whole fight, she'll vouch for me.\" Bug said. \"Leah doesn't live through the night. That's part of the deal, too.\" The Ripper smirked. Bug stood up \"Whoever or whatever you are, get out of Alex. And go back to hell, where you came from. I mean it.\" \"Okay.\" The Ripper said softly. Then he lunged at Bug \"But I'll take you with me!\" I screamed as I heard a blade cut through flesh. I didn't know who got stabbed, until I heard Alex's very familiar voice gasp out painfully. \"Alex!\" I shrieked, running over. Bug held him up, and Alex dropped the Rippers knife. \"I thought that guy would never leave.\" Alex said raggedly. \"Alex.\" Bug said in relief. Alex was breathing fast and hard \"Where's the biggest knife in the kitchen?\" \"Where it needs to be.\" Bug answered. He pulled the knife out and Alex cried out again. I whimpered with him, tears running down my face. \"Condor?\" Alex asked. \"Crow.\" Bug said back, laying him down on the floor. Alex grunted in pain and I immediately kneeled down. \"Alex? Alex.\" I rushed, combing my fingers through his hair \"It's going to be okay.\" \"It's alright, Izzy-bear.\" Alex said. I laughed, a sob breaking through at his use of my old nickname. \"Alex, you're going to be fine. You're not going to leave me, okay? You can't leave me. You're my brother, my twin, my other half. I can't be me without you.\" \"It'll be okay. You have Bug to be your other half now. Feels great by the way, Bug.\" \"Fucking great.\" Bug said, his voice thick. Alex laughed softly \"Fucking great.\" \"Alex? I love you. Always will.\" I whispered, smiling down at him with tears running down my face. \"Love you too.\" He whispered back, and then his eyes closed, and his breathing stopped. I leaned down and kissed his forehead gently. \"Fly now.\" Bug said, his voice wavering. I crawled over to Bug and held onto him, the tears that I had been bundling up all night finally releasing in great sobs. Bug held me close as each wave of sobs wracked my body, all of me trembling. I heard him start to cry too, and I just held on tighter. We needed each other from now on, because now we're all we have. Sirens wailed in the distance, coming closer, and Bug pulled away, wiping his eyes and then brushing away my own tears. He kissed me softly and stood up, picking me up with him. \"I know you're up there.\" He said to the empty room \"And I know we're down here.\" There were yells of \"Police!\" and \"Open the door!\" downstairs. Bug and I ignored them, looking at the two bodies around us. We are Condors now. We eat Death for breakfast. We live in a house of blood, and we accept that. That's all we can do. The cops broke down the door, and seemed surprised at how calm we were, surrounded by bodies and covered in blood and injuries. They didn't even care that Bug had a knife, just ushered us downstairs to bandage us up and get out of the house, where more police, the press, and about half the town awaited us. We were ready to be arrested. We weren't ready for what happened instead. Leah had told them everything, and Bug and I were celebrated as heroes. Alex Dunkelman killed his stepfather, a cop, a mother, and five of the Riverton Eight. Bug and I alone stopped him from killing more. I didn't feel like a hero, and I know Bug didn't either. But if it makes Riverton feel safe at night, we'll fake that we're their heroes. And we'll fake it good. Alex wouldn't have it any other way. Bug and I stepped out of his house to camera flashes and applause. The police officer escorting us out clapped Bug on the back and told us \"Don't worry about it, guys. They're on your side.\" He led us down the steps and on the sidewalk \"Your sister's right over there.\" He pointed for us. Bug and I made our way over to Leah who embraced us both \"Thank god you're okay.\" She murmured. She pointed behind her to a reporter after the long hug \"Those people want to talk to you. Are you two feeling up to it?\" I looked at Bug to make the ultimate decision and he nodded \"I guess.\" We walked to the reporter lady who stood by the ambulance. Smart lady. \"Mr. Hellerman and Ms. Dunkleman, I'm Gabrielle Marx, can I ask a few questions?\" She asked, flashing a smile and putting her microphone in our faces. \"Yes.\" Bug answered simply. \"Tell us what it was like in there. What really happened in your own little house of horrors?\" Bug and I took turns explaining. \"How do you feel? Are you scared? Upset? Angry? Vengeful, perhaps?\" \"You wanna know how I feel?\" I asked angrily \"I just lost my brother, my friends, my only family. I was almost killed tonight. I had to watch my brother almost kill his best friend and me. And you wanna know how I fucking feel?\" I laughed sarcastically \"I feel great. Fucking great. How about, you go through everything I went through tonight, and tell me how you fuckin' feel afterwards!\" Ms. Marx looked taken aback. Good, the little bitch. But she quickly recovered, noticing me and Bugs intertwined hands. \"Have you two become an item after this whole ordeal?\" Bug blushed \"N-no more questions,\" he said, turning away and towing me to the nearest officer, asking what we do now. Leah told her to piss off and joined us in the back of the ambulance. We all had to go to the hospital; Bug and I to get our injuries cleaned and fixed completely, and Leah to get her head looked at. Bug and I sat together on the gurney, our hands never releasing each other. Only at the hospital did we let go, and even then it was reluctantly. On my own with a doctor and a nurse or two, I got the two cuts on my shoulder blades sewn up, and gauze wrapped around my arms from all the cuts I received trying to stop the Ripper from killing Bug. Two of my ribs were bruised. But I knew Bug was much worse than I was. As soon as I was done I dashed out of the room and went straight to Bug's. He had a bandage wrapped around his head, his back stitched up like mine, and another bandage on his shoulder where he was stabbed. The doctor was just finishing up on Bug, so I waited impatiently. When the doctor was done I walked in and sat on the bed with Bug. \"How you feeling?\" I asked. \"Fucking great.\" He smiled faintly. \"Good. You hurting anywhere?\" \"I could ask you the same question.\" I played with Bugs fingers, not meeting his eyes \"I'm fine. But this was a crappy birthday. Next year better be fucking amazing, or shit's gonna go down.\" I heard Bug's soft laughter. I dared to look up into his blue eyes \"Bug, what's going to happen from now on?\" He sighed \"I don't know.\" \"Are... Are we safe now?\" Bug gripped my hands in his \"Yes.\" He answered with such confidence and assurance. I nodded and crawled into Bugs lap, wrapping my arms around his neck and putting my face in the crook of his neck. Bug stiffened, but relaxed after a moment and hesitantly put his arms around my waist. I curled my legs in and we sat there together. Leah came in minutes later, announcing that she had brought us clothes. \"Hospital gowns are weird. Here's some PJ's. I had to bring you a pair of mine, Isabelle, but I think they'll fit you.\" Bug and I let go of each other and thanked her. Bug took his clothes and disappeared into his bathroom to change. Leah handed me my clothes and walked with me to my room. \"So, you like my brother?\" That's the first time I'd ever heard her refer to Bug as her brother. I guess this night didn't just change Bug and I. \"Yeah. I always have, I guess.\" \"Well, you can always sneak into his room and you two can go at it.\" She suggested. I stared at her with wide eyes. She shook her head \"You're right. These hospital beds have wheels. Don't want to be sliding around and bumping into things, now do we? Of course, you could always do it in the shower. I'm pretty sure they have showers here.\" Oh my god. \"I can't believe this is happening.\" I murmured to myself. \"Hm? Can't believe what?\" She asked. \"That you're being nice to us, and giving me sex advice... for your brother.\" I said slowly, the words even sounding strange on my tongue. Leah shrugged \"I guess it's payback for all the years I've been a total bitch to you and Bug. After tonight, I realized that my family is important, and I should keep them close, not terrorize them like I did to Bug. I'm sorry for all the things I did to you.\" \"I think the one you should apologize to is Bug.\" I said softly. She nodded, and went to turn away. I called out \"Fang!\" She turned around to look at me questioningly \"Thanks.\" I smiled. She smiled back and said \"Call me Leah.\" I nodded and continued to my room. I stepped into the bathroom and changed. Leah had given me a loose, long-sleeve shirt that had thin black and light blue stripes. I slipped that on and worked off my blood-stained jeans. I grabbed the pants she had given me and stopped. They were tiny little mint green spandex shorts! She had planned this, I just know it. And the sex talk! I should have seen it coming. I slid on the shorts if only because I had nothing else to wear. I left my room and made the short journey down the hall to Bugs room. Inside, Bug and Leah were hugging. Everything had been amended, I presumed. I leaned against the doorframe, quiet until they noticed my presence. Bug noticed first. \"Izzy! Come in...\" I walked in, feeling awkward as my bare legs brushed against each other. \"I think I'll leave you two to it!\" Leah said, smiling deviously. \"Wait, where are you going?\" Bug asked, his eyes wide and still innocent-looking, even though I knew the real truth. \"I'm going to stay with Maria until we can find a place for all of us to stay.\" Leah put emphasis in the word all, meaning that I would be with them. I smiled a thank-you at her. \"What about us?\" Bug asked, looking at me then at Leah. He was right, we couldn't all stay at Maria's house. Leah faltered \"I-I don't know. But we'll work something out; don't worry about it, Adam.\" She smiled at her brother reassuringly, and then left, closing the door behind her. Bug and I looked at each other. \"Hi.\" He greeted quietly. \"Hi.\" I said back just as softly. \"Do you want to...?\" He gestured to the bed. I nodded \"Sure.\" and sat down on the bed, Bug and I lying on our sides, facing each other to save space. \"Alex says he's okay with us, you know.\" Bug said, toying with a strand of my hair. I swallowed hard, my heart pounding painfully in my chest at the mention of my brother. \"He is? Good. I'd kick his scrawny ass if he wasn't.\" I chuckled weakly. Bug gave a small smile \"Brandon and Jay are telling me I should 'do it' with you. Jerome says he's just happy we're finally together.\" I giggled \"And what does Penelope or Brittany say?\" \"Brittany says we should do it if we want, but Penelope is saying to save ourselves.\" \"How does my dear brother feel?\" \"Disgusted. Yet proud of me finally becoming a man. But still disgusted at the thought of me becoming a man with his sister.\" I giggled more, closing my eyes for a moment. When I opened them, Bugs face was a mere inch away from mine. \"I say I want to kiss you.\" He said softly, his warm breath brushing against my face. \"What's stopping you?\" I whispered, closing my eyes as Bug leaned in closer and pressed his lips to mine. His hand cupped my face, his other hand resting hesitantly on my waist. He seemed unsure of himself with the kiss, so I took it into my own hands. I pressed against Bug, wrapping my fingers in his lovely blonde hair. I moved my lips against his and lightly traced my tongue over his upper lip. I moved one of my hands down his chest, my fingers fluttering from the bottom of his rib cage to his hips. He shuddered next to me, and then the tables turned. Bug flipped me onto my back and climbed on top of me. I gasped, pain shooting through my back from the pressure on the cuts the Ripper put on my shoulder blades. Bug pushed his lips against mine, his tongue sliding in my mouth unexpectedly. My eyes opened wide in surprise before fluttering shut with pleasure. Bug slid his hand up and down the inside my thigh, touching the hem of my shorts before slipping away. His other hand slid under the small of my back and lifted me against him. Our tongues moved together, and Bug sat up, pulling me into his lap. I wrapped my thighs around his waist and grabbed his face in my hands, kissing him hard. Unfortunately, the movement caused the bed to shift and wheel forward a bit, and Bug and I lost our balance and fell backwards. I crashed onto Bugs chest, who cried out in pain. \"Oh my god, are you okay?\" I asked, immediately moving off of him. \"Yeah.\" Bug grunted and winced, sitting up \"I'm fine.\" I stared up at Bug through my eyelashes, a smile playing around my lips. My grin widened and I started to giggle. Bug smiled too and chuckled. I fell back against his bed clutching my stomach, still laughing. \"Oh-oh, it hurts to laugh!\" I choked out, feeling my ribs ache. Bug shook his head, smiling. \"We probably shouldn't do that again.\" His smile dropped and he faltered \"I-I mean, not like ever, but while we're still in the hospital.\" \"I know what you meant.\" I smirked, taking his hands and pulling him down next to me \"We've had a rough night, I think we should sleep.\" Bug lay down next to me; his eyes open and alert \"I don't want to sleep.\" \"Why not?\" I asked. \"I'm scared...\" he confided. \"Of what?\" \"Of what might happen in my dreams.\" I laced his hand in mine \"I'll be right here Bug, right at your side, always. If you get scared, just tell me, and I'll stay with you until it passes.\" He nodded but still kept his eyes open. I cupped his face with my free hand, rubbing my thumb softly against his cheek. And that's how I fell asleep. Bug and I were only in the hospital overnight. The next day, we were released and had to find somewhere to stay until the police cleaned up Bugs house. We spent most of the day at the police station, giving reports on everything that happened. After several long, grueling hours, we were let go. On our way out, one of the officers stopped us and handed us each something. I looked down at the boxes and it registered in my brain that they were the unopened presents Bug and I had exchanged yesterday. \"We found these in your houses and figured you should have something good come out of yesterday.\" He explained \"Happy birthday, you two.\" Bug and I looked down at the boxes in our hands and back up at each other. \"I, uh, guess we should open them.\" Bug said unsurely. I nodded and carefully pulled at the tape holding the wrapping paper together. I heard Bug tearing the brown paper that I had wrapped his gift in. I heard his small gasp as he saw the gift. \"How long did this take you?\" he asked. I smiled, looking at the detailed picture of a flying California Condor I drew myself \"A few days. I got a book from the library for help.\" \"It's incredible.\" He complimented, and I blushed a little, and opened the little box he gave me. Inside laid a small heart charm for my bracelet. I held it up, smiling wide. \"A heart?\" I asked. \"I saw it the other day and it just felt… right for you. I didn't realize at the time, but now I do.\" He hesitated, but went on \"I-I love you.\" \"I love you too, Bug.\" We hugged tightly and Bug helped me put the charm on my bracelet. Bug and I faced the empty road in front of us. We may be on our own, with no family with us except Leah, and the haunting memories of our sixteenth birthday, but we were together, and we would make it work. What other choice did we have? AN: And there it is! Fly Now is over :/ Did you guys like it? I HOPE YOU DID! So, like I said in the first AN, I've started working on another My Soul To Take fic. This is an Alex/OC story, kind of AU I suppose. It takes place two years after My Soul to Take, and the Riverton Seven survived it (That is explained in the story). The eight teens take one final vacation together before going off to college during the Fourth of July weekend, and between the drinking, fireworks, and sex, something seriously bad is about to happen. The Riverton Seven plus Shay, the teens that survived the Ripper, are getting picked off one by one. Who is after them? DUN DUN DUUUNNNNN! Yes? Anyhoo, if anyone is interested feel free to review/message me about it, I'd love to talk to you guys and maybe share ideas? ALSO, I'm also thinking of a My Soul to Take/Final Destination crossover? This one would have both Izzy and Shay in it. You know how Final Destination goes; Bug will see the horrible deaths of all his friends, wake up to find it wasn't real, then freaks out and gets all his friends out of the situation only for the horrible thing to actually happen. Death is pissed that Bug prevented their deaths and starts going after them. I'd be so happy to get ideas on how to kill off characters! I'll hopefully see you all again soon! ","Summary":" AN: Okay, so, My Soul To Take has become one of my favorite movies. I LOVE IT! And Max Theiriot, 'c"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"Thanks Alex, That Felt Great","Author":"AMKelley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9792768","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Hey! Enough with the fuck's!\" \"You say fuck,\" Bug retorted. Alex smirked at Bug. He hated it when Bug over analyzed his words and decided to shut him up. Alex got in Bug's space and inched up on his toes to lock his lips with his. Bug froze up. He didn't know what to do, so he let Alex do the guiding. When Alex slipped his tongue inside, Bug responded. It was new to both of them and perhaps a little off center, but neither of them seemed to care about precision, because Bug and Alex were kissing for the first time and it couldn't have been better. So when they finally separated, Bug said,\" Thanks Alex, that felt great.\" \"Felt fucking great,\" Alex corrected. \"Fucking great,\" Bug whispered. ","Summary":" \"Hey! Enough with the fuck's!\" \"You say fuck,\" Bug retorted. Alex smirked at Bug. He hated it w"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"Mi amigo y el rio","Author":"July-Zero-XyKo.inc","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8482285","Passage":"[Chapter 1] EL rio y mi amigo Por : Xyk-july Había una vez un pequeño y muy raro niño llamado Alex, d años, era el más chico de la clase y lo que más quería era un amigo con quien compartir todas las cosas que tenía en mente … un día Alex conoció de la manera más terrible a su mejor amigo. (Que un día lo mataría) Brandon el brabucón que siempre hacia lo que le ordenaba brittany, y en esa edad todo niño quiere impresionar a las niñas con que es el más fuerte, y brittany siempre era controlada por Fang, quien a esa edad era bastante mandona y controladora. -\"dame tu dinero gusano …\" le dijo Brandon a Adam el pequeño e inocente niño quien jugaba solo en la caja de arena y que había entrado a la clase de los 6 niños que cumplían en el mismo dia, Fang empezó a desarrollar unos sentimientos de odio hacia Adam, ya que todo mundo lo veía como un milagro y a ella como la catástrofe por lo que había ocurrido hace uno años atrás, así que siempre encontraba una forma de lastimarlo. -\". . . \" Adam nunca respondía a ninguna amenaza, solo agachaba su cabeza y le entregaba el dinero a Brandon, desde que entro a la clase no hablaba mucho y siempre obedecía a la maestra, siempre que Brandon seguía las ordenes de Fang , que eran enviadas atreves de Brittany , era el mismo resultado o lloraba o solo se quedaba tristemente mirando el suelo. -\"ahora tu premio de niño bueno…\" Brandon estaba a punto de pegarle a Adam, y Adam solo cerro sus ojos y cubrió su cara con sus manos esperando el golpe, nada , porque no había sentido el dolor?, y el impacto de un puño en su cara?, porque un niño de su misma edad y de su misma clase, había detenido el golpe, el niño había detenido el golpe con su mano y el segundo golpe con la otra, y ahora se encontraba peleando, o mejor dicho deteniendo al niño problema con sus 2 manos, -\"que crees que haces? Alex? \" -\"protegiendo a un amigo\" Adam al escuchar esas palabras quedo paralizado y lo miro con asombro. Después de unos 2 o tres segundos se alejo y dejo caer a Alex al piso -\"bien entonces tu tomaras su lugar\" y con eso el niño mas fuerte le dio una patada al niño más pequeño y por supuesto más delgado. Después de eso Alex no se movió quedo de rodillas abrazando su pancita y no quería dejar una lagrima caer, así que se trago su dolor y después volteo a ver a uno de los niños que estaba alado de él, era Adam, el niño solitario de la caja de arena. -\"…hola..estas ..bien?\" pregunto en voz baja y lo miro con sus ojos azules llenos de tristeza, y curiosidad -\"…\" no dijo nada el pequeño y castaño niño, estaba impresionado, no podía creer que alguien se había interesado o preocupado por él. -\"claro, tu…Estas bien? Brandon no te lastimo porque si lo hizo puedo arreglarlo compañero!\" Dijo el niño con una sonrisa y levantándose y tirando un puño al aire, Adam estaba muy impresionado por el chico que lo había protegido de Brandon, era delgado y un poco más chico que el pero era valiente y no tenía miedo a ser golpeado aun que le doliera. -\"Wow! Gracias por ayudarme!\" dijo el rubio niño con los ojos llenos de brillo y felicidad -\"no Hay problema amigo! \" dijo Alex con una sonrisa y dando le una palmadita en el hombro a Adam -\"a…am...amigo\" -\"si, amigo!, Tu eres mi amigo de ahora en adelante y te protegeré de quien sea y te llamare \"bug\" \" El niño huero no sabía que decir y empezó a llorar como si se hubiera caído, claro Alex no sabía porque empezó a llorar y se preocupo. -\"que tienes alguien te lastimo, antes de Brandon?\" -\"no!\" -\"entonces, que pasa que tienes?\" -\"que yo no soy tan fuerte como para cuidarte, ni valiente , ni Nada!\" -\"claro que lo eres y no te preocupes porque yo siempre estaré cuidándote porque somos amigos y eso hacen los amigos \" dijo Alex con una sonrisa y limpiando un poco de las lagrimas de Adam -\"…deberás! \" -\"deveritas deveritas! \" -\" Me llamo Adam!\" -\"yo soy Alex y me da mucho gusto conocerte!\" -\"también a mi me da gusto!\" asi que los 2 niños se pusieron a jugar en la caja de arena y así fueron creciendo juntos y no importaba lo que hiciera Fang y Brandon siempre se cuidaban. Cuando había tormenta se cubrían en un fuerte de almohadas, Alex le encantaba contar historias de terror aunque a Adam no le gustaban del todo. Siempre, después de que contara una de sus historias, donde un cuervo se convertía en un monstruo gigante y los atacaba y había uno que otro muerto, Adam terminaba aterrado y sin poder dormir lo cual Alex siempre tenía que subirse a la cama y abrazar a Adam, hasta que ambos se durmieran o hasta que Adam se durmiera. Una vez tuvieron una gran aventura en el bosque, Adam y Alex iban caminando por la orilla del rio con 2 varas largas hasta que desafortunadamente Alex tropezó y como la corriente iba muy rápida y la fuerza del rio era muy fuerte jalo a Alex. -\"Adam!\" -\"Alex, Alex!\" Siempre que Alex gritaba \"Adam\" en vez de \"bug\" era porque necesitaba su ayuda urgentemente, o que se encontraba en grave peligro y tenía miedo, Bug corrió hacia donde bajaba el rio no podía ver a Alex y tenía miedo de no poder ayudar a su mejor amigo. -\"Alex, Alex donde estas?!, responde!, Responde! ALEX!\" La corriente era tan fuerte que pensó que no iba a poder escuchar a Alex, pero por suerte vio que Alex estaba sosteniéndose pero aun así resbalándose un poco de una roca, Alex se veía asustado y era muy extraño que Alex se viera asustado enfrente de bug, Bug se quedo paralizado por un segundo y pensó que era muy débil para pelear contra la corriente pero al ver que la vida de su mejor y más valioso amigo estaba en peligro tomo todo su valor para meterse al rio y tomar la mano de Alex , los 2 niños estaban sujetándose de la roca con todas sus fuerzas . -\"mira Alex un tronco\" -\"y eso qué?\" -\"podemos soltarnos y la corriente nos llevara hacia el!, listo!\" -\"ok pero si no lo logramos quiero que sepas que...\" el agua había hecho que Alex se hundiera un poco y que Bug se asustara. -\"Alex!\" -\"que Penélope…\" -\"Alex!\" el niño volvió a hundirse en el agua por la corriente lo cual provoco de nuevo que Bug se asustara y jalo a su amigo devuelta a la superficie -\"es rara\" esto dejo un poco fuera de onda a Adam, pero después pensó es Alex todo lo que dice es al revés y todo lo al revés es normal para él. -\"…si, si lo es!\" dijo el pequeño rubio con una sonrisa hacia su mejor amigo quien se sostuvo de su hombro y se ayudaron para llegar al tronco. Pero cuando pensaban que todo estaba bien Bug se resbalo y casi se lo llevo la corriente, pero Alex lo logro salvar sostuvo las manos de Bug mientras que con sus piernas se sostenía del tronco. -\"gracias Alex! Creo que te debo una por salvar mi vida\" -\"que no serian 2\" -\"nop\" -\"por?\" -\"recuerdas cuando nos conocimos!\" -\"eso no cuenta!\" -\"para mi sii, jajaja\" Los 2 chicos se soltaron riendo y se fueron caminando a la casa de Bug empapados en agua y un poco asustados por lo que había pasado pero valió totalmente la pena el andar rogando a la mamá de Adam que lo dejara salir hacia el bosque. Y aunque esta historia continúa con muchas aventuras y cosas divertidas y un poco de tristeza que superaron juntos, sus caminos se separaron cuando Adam apuñalo el cuerpo de Alex para librarlo del demonio que poseía su cuerpo de 16 años. -\"Adam\" -\"Alex\" -\"amigos hasta el final?\" -\"hasta en la muerte compañero\" Respondió Adam con tristeza y con lagrimas en los ojo las cuales fueron limpiadas por Alex quien perdía a cada segundo su vida, al final solo quedo Adam esperando un día que el también partiera hacia donde su amigo estaba y volver a construir castillos de arena y fuertes de almohadas como en los viejos tiempos . Fin ","Summary":" EL rio y mi amigo Por : Xyk-july Había una vez un pequeño y muy raro niño llamado Alex, d años, era"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"She Saved His Soul","Author":"stephxnie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8015132","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If I lay here If I just lay here Would you lie with me And just forget the world? Snow Patrol-Chasing Cars Sophie woke up the the sound of knocking on her bedroom window. She was still half asleep, but she could see the person perched on her roof, waiting for her to open the window. Sophie sat up and squinted. \"Alex?\" she asked herself and walked to the window. She unlocked the latch, and saw the wet, cold, and sad figure of Alex Dunkelman sitting on her roof. \"Hey Soph..\" he said with a half-hearted smile. Sophie half smiled back and let him in. He had a hard time climbing in, so she knew what was up. She rushed to her bathroom, turned on the light, and grabbed a towel. She also locked the bedroom door. He slowly stalked over to her and she carefully wrapped the towel around him. \"What did Quinn do this time...?\" she asked him. He painstakingly took off his long sleeve and showed Sophie his bruises and cuts along his chest and lower stomach. Sophie sniffed and hugged him softly, and he wrapped his arms around her. His soaked pants made her feel cold and damp in nothing but shorts and a tank, but she didn't care. She kissed him on the cheek and let go of the hug. She proceeded to take out the peroxide, a bandage, and some toilet paper from the bottom shelf under the sink. Alex walked into the bathroom and sat on the floor next to her, his back leaning up against the porcelain toilet. Sophie grabbed a handful of toilet paper with the peroxide, and gently dabbed it on Alex's cuts. He winced and inhaled in pain as the stinging alcohol seemed to \"bubble\" in the slashes. Cut by cut, Sophie tended to them tenderly and carefully, ridding them of any bacteria. \"How did these happen?\" she asked, puzzled. \"Quinn was wearing his class ring tonight. He just kept punching...\" he replied. Sophie sighed as she reached for the gauze and tape. She unrolled the bandage, placed it ever so lightly on his injuries, and taped them. Alex had a total of seven bruises and four slashes on his abdomen. Once she finished, Sophie got up and went to her dresser drawers, and pulled out one of his shirts that he kept there. She helped him get it on, and sat on the floor with him again. She was sitting across from him. \"I don't know why you haven't left Riverton yet. If I were you, I would've left years ago..\" she stated. \"I'd have too much to lose if I left.\" he replied. \"Like what? Well, you'd miss Bug, I guess.\" \"And you. I couldn't leave you here in this piece of shit town..\" he added. She chuckled. \"Me? I'm not that important, Alex.\" she looked down at the floor. \"To me, you are. Forgive me for sounding so corny, but you're everything to me, Soph.\" he cupped her face and she lifted her head up. \"I guess I'd miss you too much if you left...\" Alex chuckled. \"Anyways, your birthday is in two days. Excited?\" she asked, though she knew the answer. \"Oh, of course I am!\" he replied sarcastically. She giggled lightly. \"You don't actually think Rippers' gonna kill you guys, right?\" \"I don't know, Soph. Every year, it gets worse. Everyone thinks we're cursed. They're too afraid to even look at us, let alone talk to us. They treat us like fucking lepers...\" \"You aren't a leper. People just have over active imaginations. Even you do sometimes.\" \"This is the year. I can feel it.\" Alex said, staring off into space. Sophie chuckled. \"Penelope's got into your head. Ripper died sixteen years ago. There's no way in hell he's going to kill you. Even if he did come back, he'd have to go through me.\" Alex smiled. \"I wouldn't let that happen.\" Sophie just looked up and smiled at him. \"I remember a time more simpler than this mess. Where me and you would stay up late watching \"The Crow\" and chug chocolate shakes till we got sick. Now everything's just fucked up.\" \"Why don't we just leave? We can go anywhere. Anywhere but here, you name it. No more Quinn or Riverton Seven bullshit. Just me and you.\" Alex smiled and took Sophie's hand in his. \"What about Bug? You can't just leave him with Brandon and Fang. You are all he has. You know that, Alex.\" Sophie rubbed her thumb against the back of his hand. Alex sighed. \"You're right.\" he said, leaning back against the toilet. \"I should get back to Quinn.\" he started to get up. \"No. Alex, don't. Just stay.\" she fought. \"He'll kill me if I'm not in bed when he checks.\" \"I don't want him to hurt you anymore. You know Quinn, he's probably passed out by now. My mom is away for work and its only saturday. Please stay.\" she pleaded with him. Alex sighed, and nodded. Sophie helped him up. Alex winced and gasped with pain as he started the slow rise up. She held his hand as they walked to her bed. Alex slowly crawled in with Sophie following suit. They tucked in under the covers, and Sophie rested her head lightly in the crook of his neck. Alex ran his fingers through her soft, long, brown hair. \"I love you, Sophie.\" Alex stated. \"I love you, Alex.\" Sophie replied, and Alex placed a kiss on her forehead. Sophie seemed to fall asleep in an instant. But Alex stayed up a little while longer. For one, he thanked God( if there even was one) for meeting Sophie, he honestly didn't know what he'd do without her. She takes care of him when no one else would. She probably saved his life tonight, Alex knew. Hell, she's saved his life so many times, Alex lost count. ","Summary":" If I lay here If I just lay here Would you lie with me And just forget the world? Snow Patrol-Chasi"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"Losing control","Author":"MadeBySJ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7869338","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As Alex Dunkelman lay in his bed the night of his was getting harder and harder to control the Ripper it's espically hard on his birthday when the Ripper's get's more in he thought aout bug and his family,he hoped when he lost all control he hoped he didn't hurt he knew that hope was useless because the Ripper was apart of him,his soul and he knew who he would go after when Alex lost all just hoped that when the time came Alex would be strong enough to fight the clock struck 12'o clock and he heard the Ripper's voice say in his evil voice \"Fear ye the ripper\" before everything went black. Later on that night As Alex and Bug faced each other up in Bug's room after the feirce battle Alex felt a stabbing pain in his gut and just for a moment Alex had a sliver of control back and he looked at bug already knowing the answer and asked \"where's the biggest knife in the kitchen?\" \"were it need's to be\" Bug answered with painfilled looked down at the knife and smiled he had full control and the ripper was the blackness started takeing over he seen the time on the clock across the smiled again and looked a Bug \"Happy birthday condor\" as the darkeness tooke over the last thing he heard was \"Happy birthday crow\" ","Summary":" As Alex Dunkelman lay in his bed the night of his was getting harder and harder to control the Ripp"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"Numerical","Author":"Talibra","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7404909","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Numerical AN : 'My Soul To Take' had a pretty good setup, Agatha Christie style backstory, the works. It just... wasn't executed very well. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad, it just wasn't very original, nor was it impressive. Entertaining, though; I'll give it that. So, I wanted to write this more as a way of seeing how far I could explore each one of the Riverton Seven. Maybe you'll agree with my interpretation, maybe you won't. I There's a part of him that's actually surprised it wasn't him. When he was faced with those grateful stares of townsfolk that could only imagine what he'd been through (poor boy, he was never going to have a normal life with a father like that and he should be grateful we never told him) he could only think of the alternative. The alternative that would have been reality if he'd let Alex live. Because Adam could have said 'yes'. It wouldn't have been hard to do. Pinning the blame on Jerome and walking out of that house under Alex's wing. It's easy being under Alex's wing, he knows how to fly better, and if the sky is really as big as he says it is then maybe Adam is better off not seeing it. Fame was never Adam's intention in life because he didn't really have an aspiration anyway, but now it seems he has no other option than to face the cameras and act humble on television. He's not just a local hero, he's a national one, all because people are sensationalists and they're going to enjoy watching him recount how he saw his best friend die. Smile for the camera. Adam's ready to admit he's not a role model for anyone. Neither is he a bad influence, or someone to be ignored, or cast aside. He's just... there. He's happy with life and he's happy existing, the remnants of his mother staining the floorboards where she fell and died. Just like that, lights out. He is a bug and he always has been; luckily for him, Condors are carnivores. II Alex is proud of his death. There are, of course, better ways to die than at the hands of one's friend, but Alex doesn't mind. It could have been Brendan that finished him off and that would have been awful. His last thoughts are of Brendan, but he doesn't like admitting that. He always felt alive when Brendan struck him to the ground, perhaps because of adrenaline but probably because being hated is just such a human thing. The knife twists. Feels good. Adam looks like he's going to start crying and Alex really hopes Adam doesn't, because he'd rather not have tear stains on his corpse. There are a few seconds left, he supposes. A few seconds until his soul is taken, because it was never his to keep in the first place. He dies in misery and he wouldn't have it any other way. III Jerome never felt like he was truly one of the Riverton Seven. They hated each other, most of the time. They were rivals and competitors and foes, when what they should have been doing was sticking together. Not quite hand-holding and walking-off-into-the-sunset together, but together. Maybe if they'd been closer they wouldn't have ended up dead. It was superstition, he knows, that bound them into one group. Connected by their birthday on the surface and a serial killer's legend underneath. Jerome liked that notion. He's not sure why, but he liked it a lot. Fate, destiny, whatever, but it was something and he was part of something. He just wasn't part of them . IV The name 'Penelope' comes from an Ancient Greek religion, a religion that believed in fantastical characters like Zeus and Hera and Hercules. It's sort of ironic that she's a Christian. After she dies, her name is printed in the newspapers and nobody pays much attention to her, classing her as a 'religious and kind girl', an 'upstanding pillar of the community' with a 'strong faith that we hope will serve her well, wherever she is'. Penelope finds it all a bit pretentious. Naturally, her faith defined her, but she liked other things too. She liked history. It was her favourite lesson in class. She knows it's stupid (or, at least, she knows others might find it stupid) but she prays for old historical figures. May God have mercy on the souls of those that died in famous battles. May God forgive fallen villains of dreadful crimes. (May God look after her, too.) Penelope (the Greek Penelope, the Penelope in the myths and stories) spent her life waiting for the return of her husband Odysseus. Penelope (the American Penelope, the Penelope of the Riverton Seven) has always pitied the other Penelope, but only a little. V Contrary to popular belief, Brandon doesn't like horror movies. He's a typical teenager in many ways, but he never saw the attraction to gory slasher movies designed to terrify the crap out of people that stupidly decide to watch them. He knows his Dad likes them, but Brandon doesn't like his father particularly that much either. There's not actually a lot of things Brandon likes, if he puts his mind to it and tries to come up with a list. He doesn't like school and he doesn't like homework. He doesn't like Fang and he doesn't like Bug. He doesn't like Adam and he doesn't like Penelope. He doesn't like it when people don't understand how important he is because of his birthday and he doesn't like it when people don't know about the Riverton Ripper. But he likes sex. Maybe if he'd seen some of those horror movies he never got around to watching, he'd know the people that have sex without any consideration always end up dead. VI Brittany didn't deserve to die. That's what her family will say as they take to the podium at a local council meeting, eyes swollen from crying far too much over a daughter that didn't care about them as much as they cared about her. She loved them. Just not enough. Brittany was a nice girl. That's what her old teachers will say, as they reminisce about one of her excellent presentations on global warming or something boring like that, reciting how many A-grades she achieved during her time at the school before her life was cruelly stolen from her. Out of the Seven, she was the good one, the one that lost her way just a little bit, the one that could have had a normal life and been somebody when she left town to go on to bigger and brighter things. She could have been President. Brittany knows she could have been better. VII Jay died first. That kind of sucks. It's alright, he's not bitter. There's no point in being bitter. What's done is done, and to be honest he didn't really have a plan for life to begin with. If he'd had the time, he would have made one, but there's no point in dwelling on the past. What's done is always done, no comebacks. The minute Jay fell from that bridge- no, the split second he fell from that bridge- he knew who'd killed him just from the look in his killer's eyes, even though they were the eyes of a mask and the eyes of a beast. He just didn't live long enough to warn Adam. How are they all, Jay wonders as he stands under the bridge where he died and looks over the water, and are they going to know what to do when the Riverton Ripper comes looking for them? They probably won't. That kind of sucks. End. ","Summary":" Numerical AN : 'My Soul To Take' had a pretty good setup, Agatha Christie style backstory, the work"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"El cuervo y el cóndor","Author":"sakuramar21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8086624","Passage":"[Chapter 1] QUERIDA PERSONA QUE LEERAS ESTO: MUCHAS GRACIAS :) Nada me pertenece, (solo la leyenda, cuento, mito, como le quieran decir del cuervo y el cóndor que me la invente), sin ánimo de lucro, esto es solo por mera diversión. Advertencias: Posibles spoiler, muchos OCC, cambios en algunos acontecimientos, frases incoherente y sin sentido, frases o ideas repetitivas, otras cosas, faltas de ortografía. Será una relación hombre/ hombre, si no te gusta hazme un favor y hazte un favor y no lo leas. Parejas: Alex/Bug ********************0****************** El cuervo y el cóndor El cuervo era un ave hermosa, su vuelo era majestuoso y su canto una melodía enternecedora, todas las demás aves del reino la admiraban e envidiaban por igual; a diferencia del cuervo, el cóndor poseía una apariencia, vuelo y canto desagradable pero poseía un alma pura, no tenia malos sentimientos hacia nadie y su comportamiento era impecable. Grandes amigos eran el cuervo y el cóndor, no veían un cóndor sin cuervo, ni a un cuervo sin cóndor, los demás animales no veían con buenos ojos esta amistad, pues decían que el cóndor era una mala influencia para el cuervo. El cuervo siempre defendía a su amigo, pero secretamente el cuervo gozaba de su buena fama, sin merecerla, pues el era el embustero, el estafador, el apostador y el buen cóndor para protegerlo siempre se echaba la culpa. El cóndor siempre trataba de convencer al cuervo de dejar sus malas mañas, el cuervo le contestaba que esa vez, seria la ultima; pero la última, nunca llegaba. Grande era la ambición del cuervo que aposto su alma a la muerte, como era de esperarse perdió. La muerte le dio un día para despedirse de sus amigos. Una liebre se encontraba comiendo, cuando escucho todo sobre la apuesta entre la muerte y el cuervo, la liebre no le dio mucha importancia y siguió comiendo como si nada. Antes de llegar con su amigo, el cuervo había hablado con los demás animales aclarándoles que la mala influencia era él y no el cóndor, les dijo que el cóndor siempre intento detener sus malas mañas, pero nunca lo consiguió; al principio no le creyeron, el les llevo con todos los que había apostado, dándose cuenta de su error los demás animales se avergonzaron y prometieron disculparse con el cóndor. El cóndor nada sabia de la apuesta, al ver llegar al cuervo, empezó como siempre a decirle que era malo lo que hacia, que dejara sus malas mañas, pues algún día perdería algo valioso. El cuervo solo se rio, pero nada dijo de su perdida; pues quería disfrutar de sus últimos momentos con su buen amigo. Ya habiendo echo todo lo que tenia que realizar se dirigió hacia su destino, con la muerte. Al despertar el cóndor busco a su amigo, al no verlo, le empezó a buscar, a cada animal que veía le preguntaba si no sabia sobre el paradero del cuervo, pero todos le contestaban, que era mejor que el cuervo no estuviera, pues era una mala influencia para el, y después se disculpaban y le preguntaban si no quería su amistad; el cóndor no entendía el comportamiento de los demás animales, no les dio importancia, pues lo más importante era encontrar a su amigo, ya después averiguaría lo que les pasaba a los demás. Ya le había preguntado a casi todos los animales, ninguno le daba razón del cuervo, a lo lejos vio a la libre, y se acerco. -buenos días Liebre, ¿Has visto a mi amigo el cuervo? -buen día Condor, ha de estar pagando su apuesta -¿Qué apuesta? -la que hizo con la muerte. -¿de que hablas? El cuervo me dijo que la última apuesta había sido con el ciempiés y gano. -Bueno, no se con quien fue su ultima apuesta, pero ayer vi que apostaba su alma a la muerte, y perdió, la muerte solo le dio un día para despedirse, pues hoy cobraría su victoria. Sin despedirse el Cóndor alzo vuelo, dirigiéndose a casa de la muerte. Al llegar la llamo a gritos. -Muerte, muerte -Hola Condor, ¿Qué pasa? ¿por que me gritas? Pensé que al menos tú sabrías respetar. -Discúlpame, es que me dijeron que el cuervo ayer aposto su alma contigo y perdió, ¿es verdad? ¿El cuervo esta aquí? -Es verdad, ayer el cuervo vino a mi para apostar, ya había perdido muchas cosas, al final solo tenia su alma, la aposto y perdió, por eso el cuervo esta aquí. - ¿Habría alguna manera de recuperar el alma del cuervo? -solo si otro animal diera su alma en intercambio, pero quien lo aria por el cuervo, siendo un embustero. -te doy mi alma a cambio de la de el -tu alma ¿Qué dices?, tu alma vale mil veces que la del cuervo -lo digo enserio, te doy mi alma a cambio -si es lo que quieres, pues bien Así se hizo el intercambio, el cóndor empezó a trabajar para la muerte y el cuervo fue liberado; la muerte le dijo que uno de sus amigos se había sacrificado por el, el cuervo se burlo e insulto al animal que había cambiado su alma por la de el. Fue en busca del cóndor para contarle lo que había sucedido, no lo encontró en ningún lado, nadie sabía nada de él, muchos le dijeron que el cóndor lo andaba buscando en la mañana y le exigieron que se alejara del cóndor pues solo era una mala influencia. El cuervo empezó a discutir con los demás animales, fue tal el escándalo que despertaron a la libre, esta los mando callar, nadie le hizo caso. -Ya callense, el cóndor fue a buscar al cuervo a casa de la muerte, ahí debe estar. -pero que hace ahí el cóndor- los demás animales afligidos exclamaron. -el cuervo aposto con la muerte su alma y perdió, así que ahí deben de estar los dos.-contesto la liebre sin abrir los ojos. -abre bien los ojos liebre, que el cuervo esta aquí, ¿no lo ves? La liebre perezosamente abrió los ojos, al ver al cuervo los abrió a un más- Pues no se suponía que perdiste con la muerte, como es que te liberaste, seguro la engañaste, a que Cuervo, y ¿el Cóndor donde esta? El cuervo supo en ese instante quien fue el que intercambio su alma por la suya, no le contesto a la liebre, y se fue volando lo más rápido que pudo hacia la casa de la muerte. Una vez que llego hablo a la muerte pero nadie salió, y siguió hasta que le empezó a doler la garganta. A la mañana siguiente la muerte salió de su casa y se topo con el cuervo dormido en su puerta. -Buenos días ¿Qué deseas cuervo? ¿Apostar otra vez? -Buenos días, vengo a pedirte que le regreses su alma al cóndor y yo te devuelvo la mía -eso no se va a poder, el alma del cóndor no se puede comparar con la tuya -pero si intercambiaste la de el por la mía. -si, pero la tuya no me interesa. -y si volvemos a apostar -no -por favor, te daré todo -todo -si todo La muerte seguro de que iba a ganar acepto, apostaron a lanzar la moneda, el cuervo pidió sol, le rezo a su creador mientras la moneda estaba en el aire que cayera sol; la moneda cayo al suelo, la muerte fue la primera en verla; le dijo al cuervo que cayo águila, habiendo perdido, el cuervo le dio a la muerte, el color de su plumaje quedando negro, la gracia de su vuelo, y lo hermoso de su canto. Ya le iba a entregar su alma, cuando el creador llego, le ordeno a la muerte dejar libre al cóndor, pues en realidad había perdido ya que callo sol; al salir el cóndor fue a abrazar a su amigo, al verlo se dio cuenta que ahora era de color negro, el creador les dijo que esta muy molesto con los dos por su comportamiento, con el cuervo por la vida que llevaba y con el cóndor por echarse la culpa en lugar de decir quien era el responsable, también por valorar tampoco sus almas. Su castigo sería ayudar a la muerte con su trabajo; el cuervo anunciaría la muerte de las seres vivos con sus presencia y graznidos; el cóndor transportaría las almas hacia la muerte, además solo podrían verse y hablarse cuando terminaran todo su trabajo, otro dios que pasa por ahí se compadeció de los amigos, les dijo que podían platicar cada vez que el cuervo avisara la muerte y el cóndor llegara a recoger el alma; cuando ya no quedara ningún alma ellos podrían reunirse y estar juntos todo el tiempo. Así los dos amigos siguieron cumpliendo con sus obligaciones y esperando el momento en que la muerte se llevara la última alma para poder estar juntos para siempre como en el principio. ***0**** Con un suspiro y lágrimas en los ojos, Bug cerro el libro que tenía en sus manos, cada vez que lo leía le parecía escuchar la voz de Alex leyéndoselo, como la primera vez. Ese libro era su favorito pues era uno de los primeros regalos que le había echo Alex. Los recuerdos llegaban como golpes sin anestecia, pues ese libro encerraba los mejores momentos que había pasado con su amigo, antes de que este muriera por su mano. Tenían doce años, cuando Alex entro por su ventana, el día de sus cumpleaños, con un regalo bajo el brazo, recuerda que se lo aventó a la cara y le dio un seco \"-feliz cumpleaños-\", al abrirlo vio que era un librillo, con el dibujo de un cuervo y un cóndor, antes de que pudiera preguntar algo, Alex se lo arrebato y lo empezó a leer mientras se hacia espacio en la cama de Bug para acostarse, al finalizar la lectura, le dijo que ellos eran como el cuervo y el cóndor, pues todos veían con malos ojos su amistad ya que decían que Alex seria una muy mala influencia para el, pues el era tan inocente, pero sin importar que nada Alex siempre estaría para el, y esperaba que el también estuviera para Alex, luego realizaron un juramento donde se prometían que siempre serian los mejores amigos. Desde ese día Alex le empezó a llamar cóndor y a decirle que desayunaba muerte, y el empezó a decirle a Alex cuervo. Que Alex le leyera el cuento se había vuelto una tradición para ellos, pues cada vez que alguien molestaba a Bug era seguro que en la noche llegaría Alex para leerle la historia y cada vez que el padrastro de Alex lo golpeaba iba al cuarto de Bug para leerle el cuento, siempre se quedaba a dormir, y antes de que amaneciera se iba. Habían pasado 3 años desde que empezaron con su tradición, no tenia mucho que acababan de cumplir los 15 años cuando una noche Alex llego, se notaba algo diferente, no dijo nada, espero que Alex tomara el libro y se acercara para leérselo, solo que esta vez Alex no tomo el libro, se acerco a su cama, le susurro mientras se colocaba encima.\"-si no te gusta lo que voy hacer me puedes empujar y pegar-\".Después decir aquello lentamente se fue acercado a su cara, no entendía que pasaba, hasta que los labios de Alex cubrieron los suyos, estaban algo resecos, pero eran cálidos; cerro los ojos, Alex empezó a mover sus labios, despacio, solo eran pequeños roces, pero el necesitaba más y se lo hizo saber a Alex, intensificando el beso, Alex se mostro gratamente sorprendido, los labios antes resecos ahora estaban humedecidos, ya no había ni lentitud ni pequeños roces; era como si se quisieran comer y no fuera suficiente, para ser sinceros nunca tendría suficiente, los labios de Alex eran tan adictivos, cuando intentaba separarse para tomar aire, los volvía a juntar deprisa, no aguantaba la lejanía, se sentía desprotegido sin los labios de Alex; al separarse Alex le pregunto que le había parecido, solo lo volvió a besar, y le dijo que quería más, mucho más; Alex se lo dio, Alex lo desnudo y se desnudo, y exploraron sus cuerpos a base de caricias, lamidas, y besos; las manos nunca estuvieron quietas, hasta que llegaron a la zona más intima; Alex la agarro sin miedo y empezó a cariarla, primero lentamente como reconocido, después aumentando el ritmo, los gemidos salían, no sabían de quien venían y tampoco les importaba, no quería quedar atrás y empezó a besar todo lo que tenia expuesto de Alex, el pecho, el cuello, cuando su mano iba a llegar al pene de Alex, este lo detuvo y le dijo acercando sus labios a su oído mientras lo lamia, \"-déjame hacerlo solo a mi, esta vez, por favor-\" y lo dejo, por que no había nada que le pudiera negar a Alex. Recuerda el dolor que sintió cuando Alex lo penetro pero también recuerda el placer que experimento, los gemidos que se fueron intensificando, no le importaba si su mamá los escuchaba o la molesta de su hermana, no le interesaba nada, solo importaba que Alex no se detuviera y le diera más, más, másmásmásmásmásmásmás, hasta que todo fue una explosión blanca y pegajosa, llena de sensación increíbles, las más increibles de todas, y se la había otorgado su mejor amigo. Alterminar Alex se levanto de la cama, pensó que se iba a ir, pero Alex tomo el libro, regreso a la cama y empezó a leer, fue la primera vez que no termino de escuchar a su amigo, pues era demasiado el cansancio que tenia. Esa noche ambos tuvieron sexo por primera vez, y así hubieron muchas más. Por todos esos recuerdos se le hacia difícil entender que su amigo había muerto, que jamás iba a volver a entrar por su ventaba para leerle el libro, para besarle o para hacer el amor; a pesar del funeral, que se había llevado acabo en la mañana, junto con el de los demás, su madre incluida. Pensaba que lo volvería a ver como a los demás, estuvo parado mucho tiempo frente al espejo, pero la imagen o alma de Alex nunca llego, les pregunto a los demás pero solo negaban, Alex no estaba con ellos. Su amistad si se parecía a la historia del libro, estaba seguro que la terminar de recoger la ultima alma volvería a reunirse con su amigo y ya nada los separaría, ya que habrían terminado con su trabajo. Al secarse las lagrimas y dejar el libro en la mesa, vio el paisaje en su ventana y observo a un cuervo posado en la rama del árbol, viendo hacia su dirección, como diciéndole con la mirada hasta luego, después voló, bajo la sombra de un cóndor californiano. ********************0****************** Si llegaste hasta aquí muchas gracias por tu tiempo al leer esto. ","Summary":" QUERIDA PERSONA QUE LEERAS ESTO: MUCHAS GRACIAS :) Nada me pertenece, (solo la leyenda, cuento, mit"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"Nightmare","Author":"Suicidal-Bug","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7459789","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: I do not own My Soul To Take, nor do I claim to. This is a fanfiction that I had created. Please enjoy and review (: Chapter 1. I close my eyes and I see your face, smiling right back at me. I close my eyes, but I open my ears, and I hear your voice, telling me that everything will be alright. I close my eyes and I know I'm not alone; but then, I open my eyes, and everything, all that had been there . . . is gone. You're not here. You never were. Oh God . . . tell me why, my Soul grieves for thee? All I want is to see you again . . . just once. Bug opened his eyes and stared up at the ceiling high above him. Brandon kept telling him to be a man and face the truth, but it only reminded Bug of Alex even more. \"We're men now.\" \"I don't feel like a man.\" \"No man does, that's why we have to fake it.\" \"Faking being a man to be a man?\" \"That's how it works.\" Bug shook his head and sighed, turning on his side to glare at the clock on his nightstand; 3 AM it read. \"Fuck.\" He muttered under his breath and rolled back onto his back to stare up at the ceiling again. He felt a boulder drop into the pit of his stomach, but he tried to ignore it. However, the voices in his head didn't let him forget it so easily. \"Bug, you know God is watching you. He'll keep you safe.\" \"Penelope, don't put such nonsense in his head!\" \"You're lucky you're not in hell, Brandon!\" \"I'm so glad you're happy about being stuck with Bug! If you asked me, I would rather be in hell than to stay here until he dies!\" \"Well, no one asked you Brandon.\" The voices bickered back and fourth, causing Bug to get a hardcore headache. He rubbed at his temples and sighed in a musky voice. \"Will you just shut up?\" He snapped. \"I didn't choose this either!\" With that being said, Brandon, Penelope, Jay, Brittany, and Jerome's voices faded out. Finally, having silence reaching him at last, Bug Hellerman was able to drift off into an uneasy sleep. Bug looked around, his eyes frantic and confused. Where was he? It took him a heartbeat to realize that he was not in his new apartment that he and his sister had moved into just this last year; no, he was somewhere where only the \"horror\" began; the Plenkov household. Taking a gulp of unease, he got his courage and began to walk around inside the house. If he didn't know where it was, he would have thought it being a peaceful household with nothing bad ever happening, with a family that was completely normal. However, Bug knew exactly what this was; and it was a lie. All was quiet in the Plenkov household. \"Strange.\" He muttered to himself and headed to the kitchen to grab a knife to protect himself. Suddenly, he heard screaming from up the stairs. With his heart pounding in his chest, he ran up the stairs, forgetting to get something to protect himself, and heard the terrorizing voice that he had dreaded since he had first heard it; \"Leah! Open the door, you little bitch!\" As he neared the screaming, he noticed who the man was immediately without even having to ask; it was his father, Abel Plenkov. No, Abel was not this monster. This was the soul of the Ripper; this was not his father. The Ripper had ruined his life. It had taken away almost everything he had ever loved and cared about, and left him a broken mess. And than, he saw something that made his heart stop completely. There, standing in front of him, was no longer Abel Plenkov – in front of him stood Alex Dunkelman. \"Condor.\" His raspy voice whispered as he approached, and without warning, something from behind Alex made Bug scream. \"Fuck your fucking best friend.\" The Ripper whispered from behind and than pulled his knife, stabbing Alex right in the back, making his eyes roll in the back of his head and blood spilling from the open wound. Bug opened his eyes with a gasp, tears streaking down his face. \"What just happened?\" He murmured to himself; his body trembling. ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: I do not own My Soul To Take, nor do I claim to. This is a fanfiction that I had create"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"The Weirdest Conversation I've Never Had","Author":"GypsyBlaze","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6799328","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So I had this dream the other night, and haven't been able to get it out of my head. It probably stems from the fact that I've watched MSTT literally 9 times in 2 weeks. Anywayz…I don't know whether to keep this as an odd one-shot or try and sort out the sense of it and make it longer. So R'n'R please and let me know. (= I find myself sitting in an empty cafeteria. All the chairs are put up on the tables save for two in the center of the room. I'm sitting in one of them feeling dejected and confused. I can't bring myself to look at the person sitting in the chair opposite me. His name is Adam \"Bug\" Hellerman. I am new to Riverton, but I knew it's stories. There was once a man who lived here - Abel Plankov - he murdered many people ruthlessly, violently. 16 years after he disappeared - to hell or under the bridge, no one knew quite for sure - the seven children that were born that very night should've been happy. After all, what teen doesn't look forward to their 16th birthday. These kids - The Riverton 7, as they were called - had reason to fear. By the end of that fateful day, Bug was the only one left alive. Where do I come in all this? Well, as I said I'm new to Riverton. My past isn't so great, but not so terrible as the no longer innocent blond boy before me. Heavily abused since before I can remember...I also suffered from frequent debilitating migraines and black outs. My parents were going to send me to the institution not far from here. I guess they got sick of me being their punching bag...I don't know. Perhaps it had to do with the fact during one particular beating, well, I don't know what happened. All I know is I was about to be pushed down the stairs and I closed my eyes to brace myself. Once I opened my eyes back up I had a baseball bat in my hands and my lovely father was a broken, bloody mess on the floor. Yeah...maybe that's why I was sent away. Just like that night, though, I can't tell you how I got here. My parents put me in restraints and through me in the back of the car. I remember passing by the old church on the outskirts of our town...then that oh-so-familiar blackness took over me. When I came back to my senses I was in front of an ambulance that was all mangled with various sized candles all of it. It was sitting next to a lake. That's where Bug found me. Bug. There's a special one for you...and I don't really mean in a bad way. He was such on the defensive as he approached me - like a dog waiting to attack at the slightest movement. Yet, at the same time, there was a genuine fear mixed with kindness and compassion...and a hint of innocence. I was instantly drawn in. Without a word from him I felt compelled to tell him everything...and I did. He stood there wordlessly and listened. Then he took me to his home. That's where he told me the truth about the Riverton Ripper and the events that followed years later. His older sister Leah, also known as Fang, still owned their aunts house and was gracious enough to let me stay there. They promised to keep my secrets, and it wasn't hard; after all, their whole lives were built on secrets. For the first few months, everything was great. The headaches subsided and they never noted a time where I blacked out. I started to chalk it up to the abuse. Perhaps I wasn't crazy...maybe it was just my body and mind's way of protecting me. That was until people began to forget about Bug being a hero. Pretty soon things were back to the way they used to be...even with Fang finally graduated. Now people just looked at him as the son of a mass murderer who has killed before himself. No nevermind that he killed to protect everyone else. Little did I know that this was the smallest burden on Bug's head... \"You're like me...you have a heavy burden to bear,\" Bug's voice echoed in the empty cafeteria. Earlier that day I had blacked out and beaten 3 boys within an inch of their lives after they had tried to gang up on Bug. \"What do you mean,\" I said still looking at the floor. \"Well...you're a California Condor.\" \"A what,\" the phrase was so absurd I had to look him full in the face to see if he was joking. \"Yeah...you eat death for breakfast...a keeper of souls...unique...and alone,\" he finished in a sad tone. \"I don't follow.\" Bug sighed, \"The souls of my father are within me...I can feel them...connect with them. I keep them. I think that you're job is similar. The headaches, the blackouts...I have them to.\" \"But I don't want to be alone.\" \"Well...this is a hard road that you will have to walk.\" \"Who the hell volunteered me for this?\" \"You weren't volunteered, you were chosen. Just like me,\" Bug smiled, attempting to comfort me with this thought. I put my head in my hands, \"I don't want to be alone...I have been alone for too long.\" Very tenderly Bug placed one of his hands on top of mine, and in a voice barely above a whisper he said, \"Then we will walk this path alone...together?\" I looked up into his eyes. They were so blue and filled with questions and assurance and innocence...they were captivating. What could I say? \"So I eat death for breakfast...and I keep souls...alone...with you.\" \"Yes...will you have me?\" I looked at him questioningly. \"It was no accident that brought you here. Yes, I think that your blackouts protected you for the time where you were in that hell hole of a home. Now, though, I think there is a deeper reason. I think you're hear to protect me...and the souls within me...to keep him,\" he shuddered, \"locked away...\" He looked at me expectantly. It didn't make sense, yet seemed so perfectly sane at the same time. What else could I say. Placing my left hand on the side of his face, I gently brought my lips to his in the sweetest, most innocent kiss. As we parted I looked deeply into his eyes. \"I will walk alone with you...always.\" ","Summary":" A/N: So I had this dream the other night, and haven't been able to get it out of my head. It probab"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"Something Innocent","Author":"BloodRedSnowWhite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6825538","Passage":"[Chapter 1] We just turned fifteen when things started getting weird. Alex started acting all different, stranger than usual. But I stayed beside him like I have ever since the first grade. It was winter when I finally confronted him, finally wanting to get the edge off my back. He was sitting on the floor of my room, leaning against the bed, reading a book I finished the other day. I was lying on my bed, arms folded under my chin and I read over his shoulder. It was then that I noticed he's been on the same page for a long time. I nudge him. \"What's wrong, Alex?\" Alex barely had any meat on him. He was a scrawny looking guy, pale and his hair was all over the place. It was his eyes, though, that made me wonder why they always looked so empty. I couldn't think of any reason why Alex always looked so sad and everything. It bothered me so much but I couldn't ask him. If I did, he would just brush it off, like he has things before. I had asked him how he had gotten that nasty black eye just a month before; he didn't say much and said that he walked into a door. I wasn't sure if I could believe him. I convinced but I didn't know how to ask him again. I bury my head in his hair, down his neck and press a kiss behind his ear. Alex brushes him off, standing up. I sit up and I watch him pace around the room. He stops and turns to face me. There were only a few times that I've ever since Alex cry and every time I found it hard to believe he was able to. He has tears in his eyes and looks me dead in the eye. Just as I was about to stand up, he takes two big steps and pushes me back on the bed. He pins me against it and presses his mouth against mine. His teeth hit mine and a sound comes from one of us, a whimper. He reaches for his shirt and pulls it over his head. Then it's when we stop. His on his knees, his shirt still around his shoulder but he's looking at me. The bruise is big and nasty, a dark blue. \"What is that?\" I take a deep breath and let it out, my breath quavering. He leans down and starts kissing me again. I can't stop him and I let him take my shirt and pants off. I'm left in my boxers and he still has his jeans on. It was then where we only kissed, clinging onto each other. He lets me be on top. I kiss his neck until I leave a mark, sucking on his skin. His eyes are closed when I look at him, mouth slightly open. I kiss the corner of his mouth. \"Alex?\" I whisper. He opens his eyes, looking up at me. His eyes will always look empty and that saddens me. \"He's hit me before, many times, years even.\" I bury my head in the crook of his head. Shaking my head, I didn't want him to say any more. I should've known. He's my best friend and I didn't know about this. I had liked Quint, I found him as an okay guy. He was polite and nice when I came over, but I was too blind to see that it was all an act. I was so stupid and I feel so guilty for not knowing. He kisses me and reaches for his belt. I help him take his jeans off. I'm a little scared and wanted. I wasn't sure if I was ready or not, but when he touched me, every spark in my body lit up. He was clumsy but it wasn't as if I've done it before. It was the best feeling in the world and I didn't want him to stop. \"It's okay,\" I hear him whisper as I dug my fingers into his shoulders. He doesn't stop until I'm overwhelmed and I can't help but groan. I was glad that nobody but us was in the house. \"I'm here.\" \"Alex,\" It came out, out of breath. There was something in his eyes, as if he was afraid. \"Don't worry so much about me, Bug,\" He brushes his fingers through my hair. It's almost like he's searching something when he's looking at me. His hands are holding a tight grip, almost like I was ready to disappear. He smirks, exhaling a laugh. \"It's not healthy.\" \"I feel like I'm always going to worry about you, Alex.\" I finally caught my breath and we were only looking at each other. \"You're the only thing I like to worry about.\" ","Summary":" We just turned fifteen when things started getting weird. Alex started acting all different, strang"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"Nothing Left To Lose","Author":"InfamousSnowflake","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7230649","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A.N. After watching My Soul to Take, I automatically thought of how close Alex and Bug were and thought it would be cute to pair them up. Pairings: Alex/Bug Rating: T *I do not own My Soul to Take or any of its characters. 'I don't miss him,' I thought to myself, 'He killed them, all of them.' This had become a personal mantra of mine, the only thing that saved me from myself. 'I really am sorry, Bug, I didn't want to hurt you.' Alex's voice echoed through my mind, laden with the sound of tears. I rested my hands against the cold bathroom sink and lent heavily on them. The back of my eyes began to burn and I felt tears start to drip down my face. A tremor started in my wrists, then made a trail through shoulders and into my chest; until I fell to the floor. The rough tiles bit into my hands. \"Crow, I miss you. I can't do this alone.\" Sobs caused me to pull my legs to my chest and wrap my arms around them. Alex fell silent, although, Brandon began mocking us as I completely broke down. 'Shut up, Brandon.' Jerome, always to the rescue, began to lecture Brandon. Soon, my head was filled with arguments. This really sucked. Fang has been watching me carefully, lately. We still weren't as close as normal siblings, but it's nice to know that she has the ability to care. I know I look horrible, probably near death myself, but only she seemed to notice this. It may be because it doesn't really matter to others, but I like to think that it's because I'm just that good at faking being healthy. A.N. Horrible ending for this chapter, I know, but I had to add it within five minutes and was too lazy to rethink it. I'm already working on the next chapter and hope to update soon! Any comments, concerns, or ideas will be gratefully accepted. ","Summary":" A.N. After watching My Soul to Take, I automatically thought of how close Alex and Bug were and tho"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Unlovely Yet Beautiful","Author":"escapekey","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2038149","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note – This story is to \"bridge the gap\" between when Inmanrngets killed and Easter at the end of the movie. It's a Ruby/Georgiarn(Reid) fanfic because they are my favourite characters of the story. Tornstart my fanfic, I felt the need to overlap a bit. So pardon me if it'srnnot very interesting yet, but it will get better, I promise! Disclaimer – I do not own the movie or book Cold Mountain, and I'm not making any profit from this story. Chapter One A gust of icy winter wind rattled the crude, woodenrndoor and it banged open. A girl lying alone in a corner sighedrnirritably at the fact that the unlatched door was free to slam the sidernof the Cherokee cabin as long as the wind was amused by it. Whatrnannoyed her most, however, was that while she lay on that uncomfortablernbed of pine boughs, her back stuck with needles, with very limitedrnbedding, and chill wind biting her face, a pair of reunited love-birdsrnsat outside by a crackling fire, unaware that there were actually otherrnhuman beings in existence at that moment. Yes, even Ruby Thewes couldrnfind reasons to complain. Every now and then, wistful muttersrnwere carried into the cabin with the wind, and when they did, Rubyrnwould sink lower under her blanket, attempting to avoid the kind ofrntalk she despised. Words which made a person weak. Yet she couldn'trnquite block their whimsical conversation out. Squirming in frustration;rngroaning. Finally she threw off her thin protection from the cold andrnventured out of the cabin and straight into a scene romantic enough tornmake her snort in disgust. Currently in mid-sentence, Ada looked uprnsharply and Inman followed suit. With stunned and slightly embarrassedrnexpressions, they waited for Ruby to speak first. And when she did, sherndidn't attempt to soften her voice. \"Number one, shut that door!rnIt's freezin'!\" She slammed the door with all her might and began tornwalk towards the cabin in which her father slumbered fitfully thatrnnight, while continuing to speak. \"I'm in there, trying not to hearrnwho's carrying the tray, or who's got the bag of diamonds, and ifrnyou're going to be out here all night, I'm just gonna go sleep in herernwith him!\" Once inside, she shut the door with exaggeratedrnvigour, leaving two pairs of raised eyebrows and flushed cheeks. Afterrnmuttering an apology to Stobrod, her father, for waking him, shernflopped down on a bed adjacent to his, wincing as the pine needlesrnstabbed her back once again, and bitterly feeling the lack of arnblanket. While Stobrod's skin was aflame with fever, she knew thatrninside he must be even colder than she was, so it would be cruel forrnher to snatch his blanket. So there she lay, teeth chattering,rnnot even pleasant thoughts to warm her, or at least to distract herrnmind from the cold. She thought of going back to the other cabin tornretrieve her blanket, but with a glance through a knot-hole in the wallrnshe learned that the couple had moved into the cabin to do who knewrnwhat. Although Ruby was sure she had a pretty good idea about what theyrnhad chosen to do with their night. It was her father's need forrnundisturbed sleep that kept Ruby from screaming out in her utterrnaggravation. So instead, she merely grunted with fists clenching andrnunclenching threateningly as she rolled onto her side with carefulrnawareness of sharp pine needles, sighing heavily and staring at thernabject and grey cabin wall adorned with splinters and knot-holes whichrnwelcomed streams of cold air. Albeit she was very happy for herrnfriend's reunion with her special man, Ruby couldn't help but tasternbitterness of his return. On those long summer nights, after Ada readrntwenty or so pages from Homer's The Odyssey , they would planrnthe future. Their future at Black Cove. Ruby always swore she wouldrnnever marry; working the farm would be her life goal, and she wasrncontent with that. Yet Ada always managed to bring Inman into thernpicture. When she did, it seemed to Ruby that it created an unbalance,rnalike to adding too much on one side of a painting. \"When Inmanrncomes home to me, we will be married of course, and he will have torntake your place as the man of the house. You, darling, will grow old arnspinster and live in the shed.\" Ruby always acknowledged the lastrnbit as mere jest, yet the part about Inman replacing her hadrnoccasionally stung more than she expected it would. Yet at the time itrnnever seemed a reality. It didn't feel at all possible for Inman torncome home. So Ruby continued to take for granted her participation atrnBlack Cove Farm. But Mr. Inman had returned. After a year ofrnpushing aside any annoyance of Ada's pining for the said gentleman,rnRuby had supposed she would hate the fellow. It made the situation muchrnworse when she discovered for herself that he was just fine. Besides arnhandsome face (after a shave and wash) he seemed to be nice enough andrnmaybe even perfect for Ada. It would have been a whole lot easier hadrnhe an impediment for her to point out. Acceptance had always beenrna part of her nature. As a young child, she had accepted the fact thatrnshe was unwanted by her father and that she would have to take care ofrnher own self. When a situation, welcome or not, presented itself, Rubyrnwould make the best out of the worst. Yet after so many aspirationsrnabout the farm, it was quite difficult to let go. She had grown so fondrnof the little settlement. The large white house as the entire farm'srnfoundation, shaded by lofty trees, barren in the current season. Thernvegetable garden would have to be weeded and planted in a few months.rnSooner than that would she have to plough the fields where corn wouldrnbe sewn. When the leaves started to unfurl, the lambing season wouldrnbegin, and long nights would be spent helping the ewes with birth, orrnmaking sure newborns didn't freeze. As her mind dwelled in Black Cove, Ruby suddenly worried what was becoming of the farm currently. That Georgia boy better be keeping up with the work. I wonder if he'll remember to milk the cow ,rnshe thought briefly, but moved on to think of something else, for shernknew how Ada would tease if she found out that Ruby had been thinkingrnon Georgia. But the thought that soon it wouldn't be her job to worryrnabout the farm caused her eyes to well up. Stop right now Ruby, she screamed in her mind's loudest voice. You have not shed one tear since you was eight years old and left alone in the mountains. Yetrnsomehow it was comforting to know that she could still cry. So as shernsqueezed her hands between her thighs to warm them, she did not attemptrnto dam the river of tears.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two The entire farm had been left in his care. It felt like power had been gained, yet he knew not what to do with it. The only words Ruby had left with him were short, and lacked details in her rush to leave. \"Make sure you keep up with the work, and milk that cow when she needs it. Yourself, sleep in the hayloft and don't come out if intruders come around.\" Those were her words of parting. The boy had never been in charge of a farm before. To say that he had rarely even worked on a farm before was much more in accordance to the truth. For most of his life in Georgia, he had made his keep as a travelling musician, returning to home every now and then. So when Ruby said milk the cow when she needs it, he didn't know when she needed it. Yet he was very eager to please her. He thought very hard on the subject of what must be done on a farm. First he decided that maybe the cow would like to roam around and find food in the woods. So he unlatched the barn door and the cow wandered off and disappeared in the trees, a trail of frozen breath streaming behind her. Then he went to the henhouse to search for eggs. When there were none to be found, he assumed that that job must have been done sometime earlier in the morning. So he sat balanced on the railing of the front porch, while the end of his nose froze over from the sharp air, and he looked about Black Cove with interest. Since it was yet winter, more than half of the farm wasn't functioning. The vegetable garden consisted only of the remains of the summer's crops; dry tomato vines, rotting pumpkin patches. Everything was brown and dead. Glancing at the sky, Georgia estimated it to be close to six o'clock, as the sun was sinking low in the west. That meant Ruby and Ada had only been gone an hour. They wouldn't have reached the resting place of Stobrod and Pangle for many hours yet. In the distance, Cold Mountain pierced the rose coloured sky, threatening to the boy. For his first time in those mountains, they sure hadn't given him reason to compliment them. Each of his companions could be found buried there, the latest of which would be frozen underground later that day. First there had been Doyle, his cousin. Together they had set out to join the war, but both grew sick of it. Georgia didn't see glory in the slaughter of men, no matter what colour their jacket was. Doyle just thought the job tiresome and more than he bargained for. So together they ran, aiming for their homeland. But confused about directions they became, and found themselves lost. Somewhere along the way, they must have had unknowingly taken a wrong turn. So tangled in a web of highways, country roads, paths, and footpaths they were, until by some chance they ended up in the mountains surrounding the great Cold Mountain. Caught in a snowstorm and unacquainted with the current date, they stumbled across a small cave which they took shelter in for the night. There in that cave, Doyle met his doom, for he caught the flu. He passed within nights, and left only one boy from Georgia to live alone in the little cleft in the side of a mountain. And now Stobrod and Pangle, the musicians, would soon join Doyle under the frozen ground. As the sun dipped lower beyond the mountain ridges, the boy resolved that perhaps it was time to find the cow, for night was coming on and she would probably freeze in the dark. He slipped off the white railing of the porch and started for the woods, his feet crunching in old snow. By that time, the air was beginning to change to blue; the sun slowly burned out and became a dim orange sliver on the horizon. When he reached the edge of the trees, the height of them blocked completely any of the remaining light. Faintly, in the twilight, the boy spied dim indents in the snow, indicating where the cow had travelled. He continued on through the woods, weaving between bare trees, branches like the claws of ancient women. The cow was nowhere in sight, and there was no evidence of its presence. All was silent. He thought of calling the beast, but its name was unknown to him. Then there was a crunch in the snow. Somewhere behind him, an animal sighed. He turned to the sound and went to it, peering through the dim light for the cow. Yet it was not a cow in which he found. In a tiny clearing not twenty feet before him, several horses stood still, save for the odd stamp of an impatient or cold foot. One man, large around his girth, slid off his horse and sauntered towards the boy, who felt something of a threat in the strange riders. Soon after the large man approached, a few others drew nearer on their horses and pulled up behind him. The large man spoke first. \"Where are Miss Monroe and Miss Thewes?\" The boy said nothing in response. An extensive abdomen jiggled in laughter, and the others snickered. \"He's dumber than that fat boy we shot.\" A sudden wave of realisation flooded over the boy. He now recognized the man. Teague and his band of Home Guard. \"Are you from around here, boy?\" Teague inspected him as carefully as he could in the growing dark. \"No,\" the boy muttered. \"I bet it's safe to say you're from the state of Georgia?\" No answer. Teague appeared to be pleased with the awkward silence. \"Well then, maybe my friend Birch, here, you will talk to.\" A slim boy leapt from his horse and landed right in front of Georgia. The now rising moon reflected off his white-blonde hair. He brandished a pistol and thwacked Georgia's temple. Stunned, the boy stumbled back and tripped over a tree root and landed on his rump. A trickle of blood travelled down his cheek. The white-haired boy pulled Georgia to his feet and shoved a sharp knee into his stomach, causing Georgia to retch violently. \"You don't talk much, do yah?\" Teague spat in Georgia's eyes. \"Speak up, boy.\" Georgia shook his head. Whatever business they had with Ruby and Ada, he would have no part in it. His silent mouth resulted in a hard blow of the pistol across his face. Taking a retaliating swing at Birch, Georgia flew past him blindly and almost lost control of his feet. Teague's rifle came down hard on Georgia's bent back. He fell to his knees, grunting quietly in pain. Teague circled around and kneeled in front of him. \"Where have Ada and her slave girl gone?\" Teague bellowed once again. It seemed it would be the last time he asked, for he cocked his rifle and aimed right between Georgia's eyes. \"They're in the mountains, that way,\" Georgia gasped and nodded his head in the general direction. \"I'm not saying no more.\" Teague's lips parted into a malicious grin. \"Oh, we shall talk more later.\" With that said, he hit his rifle across Georgia's head so hard that he knew no more.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three Ruby determined in her mind that she would not say arnword to Ada about anything she thought about last night. When she awokernthe next morning, she felt afresh, and little of the emotions shernexperienced the night before were as extreme now. Ruby suspected thatrnlate at night, feelings rage intensely. That morning dawned coldrnand quiet. The entire forest around the Cherokee village reeked withrnanticipation. Waiting on something unknown to Ruby, and that unsettledrnher. A single, distant crow sent out a threatening caw, and in thernsilence of the woods, Ruby guessed it to be a mile away. Shernrolled her eyes impatiently as she walked briskly past Ada and Inmanrnsmooching near the cabin. Lugging a saddle over to the horse, Rubyrnprepared the horse for her daddy to ride home. She noted that the horsernmost likely hadn't been brushed for two days in the very least, and shernwould have to see to that. \"Alright then, daddy, the horse isrnwaitin',\" she called into the cabin, now covered with a light frostingrnof snow that had fallen during the night. She tilted her head back andrnpeered at the sky. Dense stratus clouds formed a grey blanket,rnimpending snow some time during the day. Stobrod made his firstrnappearance out of the cabin since Ruby had laid him on his bed the dayrnbefore so he could rest. A bit of colour was starting to return to hisrnface on his cheeks and around his eyelids. His pace was shaky as hernstruggled to walk, and Ruby rushed to help him. Albeit he had hadrninjured his shoulder, and not his legs, his movements were slow andrnlumbering from weakness. She aided him in climbing onto the saddle andrnmade sure he was secure on the horse's back. Ruby turned over herrnshoulder and called to Ada and Inman, \"Alright then, this old man'srnready,\" she tapped her daddy's leg to indicate him as being the one shernspoke of. \"Let's go then, Ada. Inman, you take my daddy home arndifferent way.\" \"Can't we all just go together?\" Ada whined. She glanced at her Inman and gripped him close. \"Ruby's right,\" Inman sighed, \"it'd be less conspicuous.\" Ada snuggled her head under his freshly shaved chin. \"I just don't want to let you go again.\" Inmanrnplanted a kiss on her white forehead and then dropped his arms to hisrnsides. She still clung to him. After holding him another moment, shernreluctantly loosened her grip until they broke apart and she walkedrnunhappily over to Ruby. A shotgun was resting against the side ofrna cabin nearby, and Ruby snatched it up and began down a rough path.rnShe had almost disappeared from view before Ada put her back to Inmanrnand followed after Ruby at a brisk walk to make up the distance Rubyrnhad covered alone. An hour of hiking. Most of their trek wasrndownhill, and they found themselves running to save from losing theirrnbalance. Ruby walked mostly in silence as Ada chattered about manyrnthings. Then she spoke of Inman. \"I presumed it would be strange to bernwith him all night. But after the initial unfamiliarity, I felt atrnhome. I want to marry him, Ruby.\" Ruby only half listened. Sherndidn't want to let it bother her again, this talk of Ada's futurernwithout her. One good cry was enough. But at that current time, shernfelt the need to pay close attention to their surroundings and not tornAda's dreamy talk. A bare shrub rustled. Ruby raised the shotgun,rnand a hare darted out onto the path. It stared at the two women, thenrnflicked it's ears and fled into the underbrush. \"It's too quiet, Ada.\" Ruby said in a monotonous tone. Adarnseemed not to have noticed. They continued to half walk, half jog downrnthe mountainside. When they came to a clearing, Ruby slowed her pacerncautiously. A horse snorted. Ruby readied her gun, but Adarnwhispered, \"it's probably only Stobrod and Inman. They justrnmiscalculated and ended up too close to us.\" Ruby paid her nornheed. Then she saw them. Ten or twelve horsemen, all began closing inrnon them from all sides of the clearing. It was the Home Guard. Teaguernurged his horse towards Ruby and Ada. \"You know,\" he snarled, \"aidingrnthose who abandon the army, is a serious offence. You can thank yourrnfriend Georgia, here, for helping us find you.\" That's when Rubyrnsaw the bundle lying across Teague's horse, in front of him. Georgiarnfeebly raised his head and coughed. Blood spattered the snow. Justrnthen, a horse whinnied from above. Ruby snapped her head in therndirection and saw Stobrod racing down the hill, almost sliding off onernside of his horse. Inman was sprinting behind. \"Is that manrnimpossible to kill?\" Teague bellowed from his abdomen as he raised hisrngun. He fired a few shots that missed by inches. Ruby rushed tornTeague's horse and pulled him off, only to receive the butt of his gunrnin her face. Tears rushed to her eyes, but she wouldn't let them fall. \"Ruby!\" Georgia yelled weakly and jumped off the horse. He fell to his knees and couldn't get up. Ruby wavered and fell to the ground as the world spun around her. The events that followed were dim. Anotherrnshot was fired. Teague lay slumped against a tree. Inman and the blondernboy had raced off on horses. As Georgia crawled over to Ruby andrntouched her arm gently, Ruby only faintly heard the last gunshot andrnAda's scream. Sorry guys if this isn't according to the book or movie, I wrote itrnfast and I didn't remember exactly what happened. I'm just trying tornget this part out of the way. Reviews would be most appreciated![Chapter 4] A/N Sorry guys about the wait. I've been busy with school and personal issues I won't repeat here. Enjoy chapter four! Chapter Four Stobrod and the Georgia boy kept hidden in the cellar even after the meeting with the Home Guard. Albeit Teague and Birch were no longer a threat to them, Ruby insisted they do so for a while longer. At least until the war began to die down. Far away, the war still raged on, even though their personal battles were over with. The boy sat beside the elder man in the damp of the root cellar beside a keg of apple cider. The cellar smelled of mold and rot and damp stored food. Yet it was drier than most situations Georgia had experienced in the past year. He jumped as a rat scuttled past his hand, beyond into the gloom. His head throbbed from the beating he had received only a day ago. He had only seen the daylight a few times since then. He imagined his eyes had grown to popping out of his face to see better in the dark. He put a hand up and touched the egg-sized bump on his forehead. The pain was intense, yet he did not complain while his friend lay beside him with a bullet hole in his shoulder. At least the old man's fever had gone down. He was still hot on the wet floor, but he seemed much better now. It was cold. Frost seeped through the stony cellar wall, and Georgia could feel it in his bones. He wondered at the women's lack of good manners. He had been sitting in that cellar for over twenty-four hours and they still hadn't come down with any sort of bedding. After he finished that thought, footsteps clunked down the creaky cellar stairs. It was that pretty girl, Ruby. He smiled inwardly as she approached him. She looked less happy to see him. \"Georgia boy!\" She yelled. He stared. She knelt down beside him and hit him. He groaned as her fist made contact with his already purple and black eye. Georgia squinted though the dim light up at her face. It was not made any less appealing by her anger. Instead, her flaming cheeks and angry eyes had a dazzling glow. \"What was that for?\" He said quietly as he tenderly touched his swollen eye. \"You lost our cow!\" Her eyes glinted like cold steel. \"I paid for that cow with fourteen cabbages, five sacks of cornmeal, two sacks of flour, two chickens…\" He cut in as she kept on talking, \"I didn't lose it. I let it out for a walk, and when I went to find it, I was abducted.\" \"…a bushel of potatoes, and…oh.\" She blushed. \"Well then. In the mornin', you and I are gonna look for her. I'll be here nice and early, so be ready.\" Georgia nodded his dark head. She had a tough persistence about her. What she said was most likely the final word. He acknowledged and respected that. \"Good gosh, it's freezin' down here!\" She said as if she never expected a cellar to be cold. She hugged her arms to her chest. Georgia nodded again. Silence. Yet she still knelt there in front of him, looking anywhere but at his face. His eyes were fixed on hers, however. She was everything a woman should be in his opinion. Confident, tough around the edges, yet deep down he knew she was soft. She would never let on to anyone though. Being harsh was her armor. He suspected a difficult childhood, and after years of lying alone, she must have learned to shut out those feelings. It was something he could relate to. Finally she spoke. \"I could sleep upstairs with Ada.\" Georgia raised an eyebrow questioningly, but she didn't appear to have seen him, so he asked her what she meant. \"If I slept upstairs in Ada's room, then you and daddy could have my shed. It's a lot warmer than this.\" She had never looked more uncomfortable. She wrung her hands and bit her lip awkwardly. Georgia supposed it was not in her nature to make such offers. Then she suddenly straightened up. \"Time to make my nightly rounds before bed. You can help my daddy to the shed then?\" Then she turned and disappeared into the darkness. ","Summary":" Author's Note – This story is to \"bridge the gap\" between when Inmanrngets killed and Easter at t"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"A Change Of It All","Author":"CrackshipQueen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10186533","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So, I was sitting on my couch when the idea popped into my mind. This is a My Soul To Take story with a Breakfast Club plot. Bug will be the brain; Brandon will be the athlete, Penelope will be the basket case, Brittany will be the princess and Alex will be the criminal. Read and review and tell me what you think. I think this will turn out to be longer than a one shot. Bug Hellerman's car slowly pulled up outside his high school as he took a deep breath. He had gotten a Saturday detention for being in the girl's bathroom the other day, which Alex had made him do. May looked at him, then down to the steering wheel. \"Don't do this again, okay, Bug?\" Bug nodded his head, sliding out of the front seat of the car. \"Okay, mom.\" He offered her a small smile, walking into the school. Bug walked into the library, sitting in the very first seat. Brandon O'Neill sat in the front seat of his father's car listening him talk about how boy's got in trouble. \"Boys mess around, I messed around. Except I didn't get caught.\" Brandon was tired of the constant nagging from his father. He rolled his eyes, waiting for his father to finish his lecture. \"Can I go?\" His father nodded and Brandon got out of the car, walking into the school himself. Brandon sat a table over from Bug, watching him flip through his book as he did so. Penelope Bryte walked slowly up the the school, her hood over her head as she did so. Her parents didn't even know that she was coming here today; she had told them that she was hanging out with her friend which was an obvious lie. She didn't really have any friends, apart from god. She was just tired of hearing her mother talk about how she needed to get out more. She walked into the library, sitting down at the very back table quietly. Brittany Cunningham's dad pulled up outside the school, looking at her. \"Don't worry about your mother. She'll come around. I'm sure that when you get home she'll unground you. But no more cutting class, okay?\" Brittany sighed, nodding her hand. \"Okay, dad. No more cutting class.\" She agreed, getting out of the car and shutting the door behind her. She walked into the library where the others were, sitting right next to Brandon. She glanced at him, rolling her eyes and looking down at the table. Alex Dunkelman approached the school, rolling his eyes. \"Here I am again.\" He said more to himself than anyone else. This was the third week in a row he had spent his Saturday here and he knew that it he would probably spend next week here too. He walked into the library, sitting at the table behind Brittany and Brandon. \"This is going to be a long day.\" Brittany said, crossing her arms across her chest. Mr. Pratt walked in, clearing his throat to make his presence very known. Everyone turned to look at him, waiting for him to say whatever it was he needed to. He began to talk about what they wouldn't do and that they could only write an essay explaining who they are. Alex sighed, mumbling \"Shut the hell up.\" under his breath. Mr. Pratt looked at him, cocking an eyebrow. \"What did you just say to me?\" Alex rolled his eyes. \"I said shut the hell up.\" He repeated. \"That's another detention right there!\" \"Good!\" \"Do you want another?\" \"Bring it on.\" Alex challenged. \"There's another.\" \"Okay but after that I'm going to have to check my calendar.\" \"I will give you detentions for the rest of the year!\" \"Stop!\" Brittany pleads. \"How many is that?\" \"I-I believe that's four.\" Bug mumbled. Principal Pratt turned to walk away, pointing at Alex. \"You better behave.\" He warns, walking off into his office. \"Why did you do that?\" Brittany asked Alex in a sort of whisper. Alex shrugged. \"Nothing better to do. Why do you care anyways princess?\" Brittany looked at him but didn't answer, looking back to the front of the room. The room was almost silent until there was a snapping noise. Everyone turned to see what it was, only to find Penelope chomping on her nails. Brittany's face turned into a scowl of disgust as she was the first to turn around, looking at the front again. \"Careful, sweetheart. If you eat all of your nails now you won't be hungry for lunch.\" Alex teased getting a laugh in response from Brittany. Penelope spit a part of her nails at Alex, looking back down at her paper. Alex simply chuckled, shaking his head. \"Guys? Are you going to do your essay?\" Bug asked, looking around the room. Brittany shrugged. \"I don't know.\" Brandon glanced at Brittany and then Bug. \"No.\" He shook his head. Bug looked back at Alex. \"No way.\" He then looked to Penelope who was still silent. He sighed, turning back around to his paper. They all sat in silence for a while, each one of them finding their own way to stay entertained. Okay, that's it for the first chapter since it's only supposed to be an introduction. Read and review, tell me what you think![Chapter 2] So, I know it's been almost a month but I'm ready to continue on with this story once again. I love the idea and plot that I have for this story, it really excites me and I, just like you guys, are excited to see where this will go. Brandon turned to Brittany with a smirk. \"So…\" He started. Brittany shook her head. \"I don't want to hear what you have to say. Whatever it is is probably dumb any who.\" She said, still looking at the front of the classroom in disinterest. She was sitting next to a horny pig, there was also a criminal in the classroom, Bug is a pervert and Penelope annoyed the hell out of her. She sighed, laying her head down on the desk. Brandon tapped his hands on the desk impatiently, looking around. \"Shut that door.\" Alex whispered to Bug. \"We really shouldn't.\" Bug whispered back. \"Just do it!\" Alex whispered loudly. \"Why don't you?\" Bug looked at him. \"Whatever, you big fucking baby.\" Alex got up, running over and shutting the door before he sat down in his seat again. Penelope still hadn't said anything. She just sat in the back, praying to herself. \"Are you okay?\" Bug looked to Penelope. She nodded her head silently, as if she knew he was talking to her. Alex sat on top of the table. \"This is so boring. You're all boring.\" He complained. Brandon turned to him. \"Would you shut your trap?\" He asked. \"As soon as you shut your legs. You don't want people to find out you're actually a girl.\" Brittany laughed slightly at this. \"Good one.\" She mumbled. Alex grinned, nodding his head at her. Brandon rolled his eyes, crossing his arms and scrunching up his face in disgust. Brittany groaned, looking at her watch. \"Could this be any longer?\" She asked in annoyance. \"It could, we're just lucky it isn't.\" Alex replied. \"Shut up.\" Brittany shot, turning around in her seat. \"Feisty, I like that.\" Alex smirked. \"Good for you.\" Brittany said, crossing her arms. \"Keep flirting with me, hun.\" Brittany rolled her eyes. \"In your dreams.\" She flipped him off and Brandon chuckled. Brittany stood up, walking over and sitting by Bug. \"Jerks.\" She mumbled. Bug sighed, offering her a smile and she smiled back. Brandon sighed, looking at Brittany before rolling his eyes again. Alex stood up. \"Screw this; I'm going to go get some smoke.\" He mumbled. \"You can't be serious.\" Brandon replied. \"No way! You aren't leaving here and if you do you are not bringing that back here with you.\" Brittany said. \"Why don't you come with me and we'll bring it back together?\" Alex flirted. \"As I said before, in your dreams, pig.\" Brittany spat. \"Ouch.\" Alex pretended to be hurt. He glanced back at Penelope. \"Do you want to come?\" She simply shook her head and he shrugged. \"Hey, insect, how about you go with him?\" Brandon suggested. \"Leave him alone!\" Brittany called. \"Awe, Brit is defending her boyfriend.\" Alex cooed in mockery. \"He's not my boyfriend!\" She protested. \"And would you ever consider him as your boyfriend?\" Alex asked, getting up and walking towards her. \"No.\" Brittany answered, crossing her arms. \"Why not?\" Alex asked his voice getting more and more acidy with each word. \"Well, because… We're different.\" Brittany said with a shrug. \"Do you think you're better than him, Brittany? Is it because he's a nerd?\" Alex asked, now playing with her hair and whispering in her ear. \"Of course not!\" Brittany objected. \"I think it is.\" Alex accused. \"Leave her alone.\" Brandon demanded. \"Or what?\" Alex responded. \"If you don't leave her alone, you'll find out.\" Brandon shrugged. Alex rolled his eyes, dropping her hair. \"I'm out of here, whose coming?\" Brittany sighed. \"I will.\" She spoke up. Everyone, including Penelope, looked at her. She shrugged, standing up and walking over to join Alex by his side. They were about to leave when Bug spoke up. \"I'll come too.\" A jealous Brandon sighed, looking at Penelope who nodded and they stood up, joining the others as they all headed out of the classroom and headed to Alex's locker. Once they made it there, Alex pulled out his smoke, stuffing it in his pocket. \"Let's go.\" He whispered, directing them off towards the library again. They ran into a gate, sighing softly. \"Great idea, dumbfuckleman, now we're stuck and we're going to get into more trouble.\" Alex shook his head, stuffing the marijuana in Bug's pants and running off, screaming and shouting. The others ran off to the library and the principal found Alex. \"You're in big trouble now.\" He said angrily. He led him back to the library, grumbling mad words. \"What now? What are you guys doing?\" He asked. \"Just sitting here.\" Penelope spoke with a shrug and everyone turned to look to her. \"Hey, I'm hungry. When's lunch?\" Alex spoke up. The principal sighed. \"Now, I guess.\" He grumbled. \"Well, do you have anything to drink? We kind of need it.\" Brandon asked. \"Fine, you and…\" Alex raised his hand. \"Yeah right.\" He grumbled. \"You and Penelope go.\" He instructed and Brandon nodded, walking off down the hall with Penelope. Bug looked at Brittany as she ate, examining her for a moment until she looked up at him. \"What?\" She asked. He shook his head. \"N-Nothing, nothing.\" He stuttered, getting a smile from Brittany. She found herself actually beginning to like Bug… As a friend, of course. Brandon looked to Penelope. \"You don't talk much.\" She shrugged. \"There's not much to say.\" She replied, walking ahead of him. They made it back, handing out the milk as they all ate in silence. After a while, lunch came to an end and it was time to get serious again. So that's it for chapter two. I know it's short but I have writers block for this story about so I am just trying my best. R&R; please and thanks.[Chapter 3] I know it's been hectic and I haven't written in like Three months but with school being back in in a little over a week, things are starting to settle down around here. Anyways, I'm going to go ahead and continue. R&R; please. Disclaimer; I don't own the characters, nor do I own My Soul To Take or The Breakfast Club. It had been an hour since lunch, meaning there was still four hours left of school. They were all exhausted by now but there was nothing any of them could do about it. Brittany tapped her fingers against the table, humming to herself as she did so. Everyone was completely quiet until Alex spoke. \"Let's get this show on the road.\" He said. \"What?\" Brandon asked, turning around to see what he was talking about, only to see the smoke in his hands. \"No way.\" Brandon said but Alex stood up, walking to the back of the room anyways. He heard a chair moving beside him and looked over, only to see Brittany standing up and following Alex. \"Britt no!\" Brandon called but she wasn't listening. Bug glanced at the two, standing up and following them. Brandon sighed to himself, glancing back at Penelope. Brittany sat down beside Alex as he lit his smoke, taking a hit and handing it to Brittany. \"Here.\" He said. She took a puff, coughing softly and the two boys laughed. \"Girls can't hold their smoke.\" Bug joked and Alex laughed. Brandon and Penelope joined them and they all smoked. Once they were finished, Bug turned on the radio. Brandon began to dance and the rest of the group began to dance as well. Brittany and Penelope flipped their hair and bounced around and the boys did a few dances as well. After about twenty minutes of dancing, they were all tired out and they laid around the library tiredly. They talked about random things until the results finally landed on Brittany's parents. She didn't know what to say at first and then she did. \"I mean, I don't think either one of them actually care about me, it's like they just use me to get back at each other.\" She explained. All the boys stared at her and then Penelope said \"Ha!\" Everyone turned to her, Alex and Bug angrily but Brandon had a small smirk on his face. Penelope blew the hair out of her face when no one said anything and finally, Brittany spoke up. \"Shut up.\" She said defensively. \"You're just feeling sorry for yourself.\" Brandon replied. \"Yeah? Well, if I didn't nobody else would.\" Brittany shot back. \"Awe, you're breaking my heart.\" Brandon said sarcastically. \"Sporto.\" Alex said and Brandon turned away from Brittany. \"What?\" He asked. \"Do you get along with your parents?\" Alex asked. \"Well, if I say yes I'm an idiot, right?\" Brandon asked and Alex stepped closer to him. \"You're an idiot anyway.\" Alex started. Brittany couldn't help but grin at this. \"But if you say you get along with your parents, well, you're a liar too.\" He finished, walking away. Brandon followed him, shoving him from behind. \"You know something, man? If we weren't in school right now, I'd waste you.\" Brandon threatened. \"Can you hear this?\" Alex held his hand pointing down with his middle finger out. \"You want me to turn it up?\" He flipped his hand so that he was flipping Brandon off. Bug came between them trying to split them up but Brandon hit Alex's hand and Bug's chest, although Bug completely ignored it, mumbling on about not liking his parents. Brandon pushed him aside to walked past him and Bug mumbled a soft ow and then continued to blab about his parents. \"Bug, you are a parents dream, okay?\" Alex asked, patting his arm and beginning to walk away. \"Well, that's the problem.\" Bug spoke up. \"Look, I could see you getting upset for them making you were these kind of clothes, but face it, you're an ultra dweeb. What would you being doing if you weren't out making yourself a better citizen?\" Alex said. \"Why do you have to insult everyone?\" Brandon asked. \"I'm being honestly, I would expect you to know the different.\" Alex replied. He walked over to Brittany, standing in front of her. \"So, tell me, are you a virgin?\" He asked with a smirk. \"It is none of your business.\" Brittany replied, anger in her voice. \"It is a simple question.\" Brandon agreed with a nod. Brittany looked angry. \"I'm not going to answer that.\" She said, crossing her arms. \"Now you're too good to answer that?\" Penelope asked. \"Look at you, virgin mary.\" Brittany replied. \"Just answer the question. Are you, or are you not, a virgin?\" Alex asked. Bug felt sorry for Brittany but he sighed, not saying anything. \"I am, okay? I am!\" She shouted angrily. The room fell silent for a moment before Brandon spoke up. \"See, that wasn't so bad.\" Brittany rolled her eyes. They all found a spot on the floor and began to talk about what they did to get into detention. Brandon explained that he had hurt someone really badly by putting tape on their butt to make his father proud. Bug had brought a flare gun to school and Penelope was just there because she had nothing better to do. Brittany had skipped class and Alex was just a regular. They began to do hidden talents. Once it was Brittany's turn, she hesitantly put her lipstick in her shirt, applying it on her lips without a flaw. Everyone had promised that they wouldn't laugh and surprisingly, they didn't. They all clapped and even once everyone else was finished, Alex still clapped. \"Where'd you learn to do that?\" Brandon asked. \"Camp.\" Brittany replied with a smile, turning to Alex. \"That was great, Britt.\" He said in a mocking tone. She wiped her lipstick off, looking down. \"My image of you is totally blown.\" He continued. \"You're a jerk. Don't do that to her. You swore to god you wouldn't laugh.\" Penelope spoke. \"Am I laughing?\" He asked. \"You prick.\" Brandon said angrily. Alex looked at him with a shocked expression. \"What do you care what I think anyway?\" Alex asked. \"I don't even count, right? I could disapear whenever and it wouldn't make any difference. I may as well not even exist at this school, remember?\" He added. \"And you, don't like me anyway.\" He looked to Brittany as he said this. Brittany felt tears pricking at her eyes but she fought them back. \"You know, I have just as many feelings as you do and it hurts just as bad when somebody steps all over them.\" She pointed out. \"Don't you ever ever compare yourself to me, okay?\" Alex replied. \"You got everything and I got nothing.\" He continued. Brittany could hardly fight the tears anymore. \"Freaking Repunzel, right? The school would probably shut down if you didn't show up. Queenie isn't here.\" He mocked. She looked away blinking away some tears. \"Hey Britt, nice earrings.\" He continued to mock. \"Shut up.\" Her voice came out strained. \"Are those real diamonds, Britt?\" He asked. \"Shut up.\" She said louder, shaking her head. \"I bet they are.\" He continued. \"Did you work for the money for those earrings?\" He asked. \"Shut your mouth!\" She said halfway through his sentence. \"Or did your daddy buy those. I bet he bought those.\" Alex mocked. \"Shut up!\" Brittany exclaimed madly. \"I bet those were a christmas gift, right? You know what I got for christmas this year? It was a better year at the dunkelman house. I got a cartan of cigarettes. My step dad grabbed me and said 'smoke up, Alex'. \" He continued. At this point, Brittany was really crying. \"Go home and cry to your daddy, don't cry here, okay?\" Alex said insensitively. The room fell quiet and Brittany wiped her eyes. \"My god, are we going to be like our parents?\" Brandon asked. Brittany shook her head. \"Not me. Ever.\" She confirmed. Alex looked at her, nodding slightly. \"It is unavoidable. It just happens.\" Penelope spoke up. Alex glanced at her before leaning his head back. \"What happens?\" Brittany asked. \"When you grow up, your heart dies.\" Penelope said. \"Who cares?\" Alex asked, uninterested. \"I care.\" Penelope said. Silence again. Brittany stood up, taking Penelope's hand. \"Come with me.\" She spoke. Penelope did what she was told and Brittany pulled out her make-up and her back-up outfit. Penelope threw on the outfit and came back out. Brittany smiled and nodded, beckoning her over. \"Come here.\" Penelope nodded and Brittany began on her make-up. \"Why are you being so nice to me?\" Penelope asked. \"Because you're letting me.\" She shrugged. After about half an hour, she was finished. Brittany pushed Penelope out and Alex caught sight of her. A goofy grin met his face and he walked up to her. \"Hey.\" He said and she smiled and waved. \"You look great.\" He pointed out. \"Thanks.\" She said softly and they continued to talk. Brittany grinned, walking out and going beside Bug. \"Cute isn't it?\" She asked, looking at him. \"Yeah, you did good.\" He replied. \"Thanks.\" She said, looking at the clock. Only fifteen more minutes until time to leave. She glanced back at Alex and Penelope and they were kissing so she decided to give them their space and went to find Brandon. \"Hey.\" She said when she spotted him, standing outside. \"Hey.\" He replied. She looked him over before walking up to him and kissing him softly on the kiss. He kissed back, wrapping his arms around her waste. They pulled out of the kiss. \"Why did you do that?\" He asked. \"I knew you wouldn't.\" She replied, kissing him again. He smiled and kissed her back again and they parted. She took his hand, leading him back inside. She took out her earrings and walked up to an already happy Alex, placing them in his hands. \"For you.\" She said with a smile, still holding Brandon's hand. There was five minutes left and they decided it was time to write a note, so, they did. \"Dear Mr Pratt, we accept the fact that we had to sacrifice a whole Saturday in detention for whatever it was we did wrong. But we think you're crazy to make an essay telling you who we think we are. You see us as you want to see us - in the simplest terms, in the most convenient definitions. But what we found out is that each one of us is a brain...\" Bug wrote. \"...And an athlete...\" Wrote Brandon. \"...And a basket case...\" Added Penelope. \"...A princess...\" Brittany continued. \"...And a criminal...\" Alex added lastly. \"Does that answer your question? Sincerely yours, the Breakfast Club.\" Bug finished. I am so shocked with how long this took me to finish but I added parts and removed parts and put parts in different places to make it more of my own so here it is! Sign, seal, delivered. Tell me if you like it and thanks! ","Summary":" So, I was sitting on my couch when the idea popped into my mind. This is a My Soul To Take story wi"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"My Soul To Keep","Author":"HELLO I'M","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7534119","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok so this is my first completed story! So yay me! I realize it's super long, but I happen to LIKE long chapters, and if you don't than too bad for you! Ok, please tell me what you think! ~HELLO I'M~ Disclaimer: I do not own nothing! My Soul To Keep. \"…Unless you say yes to a deal.\" Ripper said, backing away from me and Bug, an evil smirk plastered on his face. Great. I'm laying here dying , and Alex and Bug are talking business. I should have know coming to Riverton was a bad idea… XXX ONE WEEK AGO XXX \"Oh God.\" I murmured to myself, hugging my knees to my chest. Rocking back and forth, my knees slightly tapping the wall in a rhythmic pattern. I was huddled in the furthest corner of my bedroom, lights out, and listening to my parents fight. \"You're a fucking worthless piece of SHIT!\" Father yelled, throwing something against the wall. Perhaps my mother. I started rocking faster, saying the only prayer I've ever known, \"Now I lay me down to sleep-\" I flinched as my wall shook and banged. \"Bastard!\" Mom yelled. \"Fucking bitch!\" He screamed back. \"I pray the Lord my soul to keep-\" I said, continuing to rock. I herd glass smash in the other room. \"My soul to keep. My soul to keep. My soul to keep. To keep. To keep. To-\" The sound of a gunshot shut me right up. \"Oh God.\" I said, crawling to my lamp. I wanted so desperately to turn it on, but what if the one who shot the gun would come for me next? I took my hand away and crawled under my bed. I counted one minute before someone came into my room. \"Angel?\" My mom whispered, her voice hoarse from screaming. \"Angel, sweetie? Come out. It's OK.\" She said soothingly. Slowly, I came out from my hiding spot. My mom cried in relief and took me into her arms, \"Oh baby! I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!\" She cried. My mind and body were numb, \"Mom?\" I whispered, \"Where's dad?\" I paused, \"Did he-did he shoot you?\" She didn't answer right away, and I herd sirens outside. \"No. No, he tried, but he was too drunk and missed. As soon as I realized that, I fell over and pretended to be dead. He was going downstairs, he tripped and fell, and landed on the fire poker.\" She paused, \"He's dead, Angel. Your father is dead. \" She said finalizing the situation. I did something I never expected myself to do: I sighed in relief. The police came in after that, my mom told them everything that had happened. They sent her to the hospital to get stitches for her arm, seeing as my dad had thrown a vase at her and had left a very ugly looking cut. We were aloud to grab some of our things and we left for my birth town- slash-Aunt's house in Riverton. XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX I must have fallen asleep; because when I woke up I was drenched in sweat. All I could remember from my dream was a pair of blue eyes and an evil, maniacal laughter. I looked out the window at the passing forest, black with night, and tried to shake the fear that threatened to overtake me. About half an hour later we pulled up to my Aunt's house. The lights were on. She'd been expecting us. We got out of the car our bags on our backs, Aunt Destiny waiting for us at the front door. \"Oh dears.\" She said, hugging my mother and I, her long messy hair caressing us. \"Come in, come in. I'll make us some cocoa.\" I've always admired Aunt Destiny. Her house always smelled of herbs and flowers. Destiny handed us our cocoa and her and my mom chatted a bit. I stared absent-mindedly into my glass. \"Aunt Destiny?\" I said, interrupting their conversation, \"I'm tired, do you mind if I wash up and go to bed?\" I asked, not bothering to take my eyes off the glass. \"Of course, dear. Your room's all ready for you.\" \"Thanks.\" I said and practically ran to the upstairs bathroom, locking the door behind me. I stared at myself in the mirror. Brown hair, green eyes, pale skin. Not much to look at. I stared at my eyes and briefly wondered how they'd ended up green when everyone else in my family had brown. I turned on the faucet and splashed warm water on my face. When I looked back at the mirror I jumped in shock, my green eyes had turned blue! Blue ! I closed them tightly and when I opened them again they were normale. I sighed deeply, \"I'm going crazy.\" I said, walking into my room, \"And talking to myself isn't going to make me any saner.\" I continued, crawling into bed. DREAM: \" Your soul is mine!\" A man bellowed at a young girl with black hair, green eyes, and pale skin. The man held a bloody knife and the look of madness filled his eyes. A figure came out of nowhere and tackled him to the ground. In the light I saw the figure was a petite woman. She would have been beautiful if she weren't covered in blood and totally insane. \" She mine!\" The girl yelled, stabbing the man in the throat. He fell to the ground, blood spewing from his wound. The woman took the knife away and started for the girl. The scene froze and the girl looked straight at me, \"You must find the Condor.\" She said her words echoing off invisible walls, \"He will protect you.\" Protect, protect, protect. \"Retain the balance.\" Balance, balance, balance. \"One week before this…becomes you.\" She said, gesturing to the scene. \" Angel, wake up!\" Someone shouted. I looked around as the scene dissolved. \" Wake up!\" The voice yelled again. I put my hands over my ears and tightly closed my eyes. The voice was so loud! \"Come on, Angel! Wake up!\" When I opened my eyes I saw my mother's face hovering over me. \"There you are!\" She smiled, \"I thought you'd be lost in La-la land forever.\" \"Mom?\" I asked, dazed, \"What time is it?\" \"Seven O'clock. Hurry, get dressed.\" \"What for?\" I asked, throwing back the covers. \"For school! We're enrolling you today!\" \"What?\" I asked, giving her a 'you're-serious-and-I-hate-you' look. \"Yes. Now get up!\" She ordered, leaving the room I finalization. I groaned and flopped back down on my pillows. Fifteen minutes later I slowly made my way downstairs, wearing my favorite gray skinny jeans and a black Tee that said 'Muffins are ugly cupcakes' \"You ready?\" My mom asked, looking me up and down. \"Yeah. I just need to find y shoes…\" I said, looking around. \"The silly comic ones or the knee-highs?\" I glared at her, \"Knee-highs, and they're not 'silly'. They're Batman. Respect the cape.\" She rolled her eyes, \"They're by the door.\" \"Thanks.\" I said, not sounding thankful at all. Why did I have to go to school anyway? I have just suffered a traumatic experience. You'd think that'd get me some sort of break, right? When I went to put my foot in the shoe I lost my balance and fell backwards onto my butt. \"Shit!\" I exclaimed, getting more pissed off with each passing minute. \"Angel!\" My mother gasped, \"You know I don't like to hear you swear.\" She scolded. \"Well la-di-fucking-da.\" I mumbled under my breath. I grabbed my shoes and walked outside, slamming the door behind me. I went to open the car door…only to find to locked. \"Fucking great.\" I said, leaning on the side to put on my boots. I looked across the street to the neighbor's house and a kid with dark, curly hair waiting outside the door. When it opened a boy with sandy blonde hair stepped out. They both stared at me until I looked them straight in the eye, then the turned away, embarrassed. I chuckled to myself. Boys. Boys who were kinda cute. Maybe today wasn't going to be a total bust after all. \"OK. Let's go.\" My mom said, coming out of the house. \"The school's not far, so you might have to walk sometime. Is that OK?\" She asked, backing out of the driveway \"Yeah. Sure.\" I answered, watching the house disappear behind us. A moment of silence passed before Mom said, \"I noticed you looking at the neighbor boy.\" I looked over at her, my face reddening, \"I was looking around and happened to have glanced at the neighbored boy. That's all.\" \"Uh-huh. Riiight.\" I huffed in irritation. After a few minutes we were at the school. \"You ready for this?\" She asked. \"No.\" I replied honestly. \"Too bad.\" She said and together we made for the main entrance. Butterflies fluttered around my stomach as we entered the office. My mom talked to the person behind the counter and together they convinced the counselor to set up my classes today. \"Listen baby, I've got to go. But you're in good hands, OK? I love you and…try 'n behave yourself.\" Mom said, kissed m on the forehead and left. \"OK.\" The counselor said, carrying out a large packet, \"I need you to pick out one elective.\" I picked out a study hall. The counselor went back into her office to print out my schedule. I herd a bell ring, signaling the start of first hour. Great. Now not only am I new, but late as well. I thought angrily. The counselor came out with my classes. \"We don't have an open locker yet, but I'll tell you when we do, OK? Until then, just carry your backpack with you.\" She said and hurried me out the door. Outside the office I looked at my bag, it was black and red with a red heart on it. I shook my head in disgust and looked at my schedule: First hour – English Second hour – Geography Third hour – Geometry Lunch Fourth hour – Geography Fifth hour – Gym Sixth hour – Biology \"OK.\" I said, heading down the hall and looking at the numbered doors, \"English, English, English…English!\" I exclaimed happily, noticing the numbers on the door matched the ones on my paper. \"Awesome.\" I smiled and opened the door. Instantly, I bumped heads with a person on the other side. \"Not awesome.\" I mumbled. \"Sorry.\" I said, looking up to see whom it was that I'd bumped. To my surprise it was the sandy haired boy from this morning. \"Oh, jeez! I'm sorry, are you OK?\" \"It's fine. It was my fault, I should've been looking.\" He said, rubbing his temple. \"Are you sure you're OK?\" I asked looking into his eyes. My jaw dropped as realized his eyes were blue. The same blue eyes I'd seen in my dream. \"Blue eyes…\" I whispered. \"What?\" He asked. \"What's going on you two?\" The teacher asked, walking over to us. I could hear people snicker from the inside the room. The teacher gave us a suspicious look and I got the feeling that she was the type of teacher that made class fun. I had one of those at my old school…I disappointed her by almost f ailing her class. I showed her my schedule. \"Let's see…\" The teacher said, looking at her seating chart, \"You can take the empty seat in the back.\" She said, pointing to the vacant desk. \"Thanks.\" I mumbled, walking to my chair, trying to ignore the eyes that followed. \"It looks like we have a new student, Angel Sorensen. Everybody say 'hi' to Angel.\" A few kind souls muttered a hearty hello, whilst everyone else simply stared back to the front. While the teacher was making the other students take notes, I stared at the boy's curly hair, in front of me. I guess I was running into familiar faces all over the place. \"I've got stuff to do. So why don't you all just get to know Angel while I'm gone?\" The teacher said, and left quickly out the door. What could a teacher possibly have to do, besides…well teaching a class? I wondered. I looked around uncomfortably. Everyone was chatting excitedly with their friends. I jumped when somebody snuck up behind me, yelling \"Hey!\" I turned around and saw an attractive Asian boy smiling goofingly at me. \"Um…Hi. I'm Angel.\" \"Oh, yes you are.\" He said, winking. I couldn't help myself, I giggled. Curly-haired walked over with Blue-eyes and stood beside the Flirt. \"Jay, take it easy. You don't want to scare her off already.\" Curly-haired said, \"Hi. I'm Alex Dunkleman. That creep is jay Chan, and this is Bug Hellerman.\" He said, introducing everybody. \"It's a pleasure meeting you.\" I said, feeling delighted that I'd already started making friends. I looked over and saw a jock looking kid eyeing us from the side of the room. I could practically hear the bum-bum-buuum as he walked over. \"Move it Fuckleman.\" He ordered and pushed Alex out of the way. Um…OK? Question Mark… I thought, unimpressed by his behavior. \"You're new here.\" He said, \"So let me make this easy for you. Stay neat these… freaks and you won't last a week in this school. Stick with me and nobody'll ever fuck with you. Your choice.\" He shrugged. Let's see… spend the rest of my High School life miserable and bully free. Or spend it with possible friends that could help me out… Hmm… I rose out of my chair, \"How about: Piss off, dick face. I'm a big girl. I can take care of myself.\" He glared at me with such a fierce amount of hate, I couldn't help but smirk. \"You better watch yourself, bitch.\" He warned and shouldered Bug as he went back to his group. \"Whoa.\" Jay said, marveled, \"You just stood up to Brandon O'Neil.\" \"I'm guessing that's rare around here…\" I said, still fuming. \"Yeah. 'Round here, nobody messes with Fang's dog.\" \"Fang's dog?\" I asked, now totally lost. Before he could answer, the bell rang. \"What class do you have next?\" He asked. \"Geography.\" I answered, looking at my schedule. \"I'll take it from here.\" Alex said, grabbing my shoulder and leading me in the opposite direction of Bug and Jay. \"By the end of next hour, you'll know everything there is to know about this school.\" He said, happy to have an audience. True to his word, Alex told me everything . The Fang Gang, Brandon, and every other little piece of info. About the school. All by the end of Geography. \"Wow.\" I said, taking it all in. \"Yeah.\" HE agreed, but seemed relatively pleased to see me so stunned. \"I'll catch you at lunch.\" He said and disappeared into the sea of students. As it turned out, I had Geometry all by me onsees. I was too excited to see my new friends to pay attention, though. So when the bell rang for lunch, it was no surprise that I was the first one out of the room. I was a little disappointed when I didn't see anybody on the way to the cafeteria. I figured I'd wait them out by going in the ever-lasting lunch line. By the time I'd gotten my food, most of the students were seated around circular and rectangular tables, chatting away. \"Hey Angel-face!\" Jay Chan called, scaring me half to death. \"Jesus!\" I cried, \"Stop jumping out at me!\" I yelled, but was seriously glad to see him. \"Follow me.\" He said creepily and led me to a table in the back of the lunchroom. Sitting there was Bug, Alex, and a new arrival. \"Jerome, Angel. Angel, Jerome.\" Jay introduced. \"Hi Angel.\" Jerome said. A quick glance made me realize he was blind. \"Er…Hi\" \"Jay, how's that puppet for Ripper day comin'?\" Alex asked. \"Fuckin' awesome.\" Jay exclaimed. \"What's Ripper Day?\" I asked, clueless. \"You didn't tell her about Ripper day?\" Scolded Jay. \"Must've forgot.\" Alex shrugged, then proceeded to tell me the Ripper's tale. \"So let me get this straight. A week from yesterday is the birthday of seven of you?\" \"Yep.\" \"Well….That's my birthday, too!\" I exclaimed. \"Now way!\" Jerome said, \"The Riverton Eight?\" \"Cool.\" Jay agreed. \"That makes you one of us. Welcome to the club.\" Alex said, smiling. The rest of lunch was spent making jokes. I almost spit up my milk. Twice. After lunch I followed Bug to Study Hall. \"Is Bug your real name?\" I asked, trying to make covneresation. \"No. It's Adam.\" \"Why do they call you Bug?\" He paused, \"I don't know.\" He answerd honestly, and walked into class. \"Ok than.\" I aid and folloed after him. The teached assigned me a seat next to a very preppy looking girl, who was talking to another preppy girl behind her. \"Have you seen the way that Red-haired Jesus freak looks at him?\" The one behind asked. \"He's crazy. I mean, look at him.\" The one infront said and together they stared at Bug. I clenched my fists together, \"Are you guys talking about Bug?\" I asked. \"Well who else is a ticking time bomb?\" Behind asked and giggled. \"I'm going to ask you once to stop.\" I warned, my fists clecnhcing tighter. \"What? You're friends with that freak?\" Fromt asked. \"I said stop !\" I said feircley, hoping they's back off, and I wouldn't get into any truouble. \"Or else what?\" Front asked, snobbishly, \"You gunna beat me up?\" She asked daring me to do something. \"Bug. Is. A. Freak .\" She said with a smirk. And that was that. I stood up in my chair, gaining the attention of everyone in the room, \"THAT'S IT BITCH! I TOLD YOU TO KNOW THAT SHIT OFF!\" I roared. The fear in her eyes was almost enough to make me laugh. It felt so good making her scared of me. And from a simplie outbust, too. \"Sorensen!\" The teacher yelled, \"Detention room, now!\" \"Whatever.\" I said, grabbing my bag, \"S'long as I don't see this bitch, I'm good.\" I said and stormed out of the room. \"Fuck.\" I whispered, the adrenaline wearing off, \"My mom is gunna kill me.\" I huffed in frustration. \"Um, hello. Do you need help or something?\" A girl asked, coming from behind me. \"Oh, uh, yeah. I was looking for the detention room.\" I said, slightly embarrassed. \"Room 111.\" Penelope Bryte.\" She said, holding out her hand. \"Angel Sorensen.\" I said, taking it. \" You're Angel! I've herd so much about you. You stood up against Brandon O'Neil. Impressive.\" She smiled. \"Yeah, thanks. Well I gotta go. Detention and stuff. \"Right. Talk to you later?\" \"Cool.\" I said and wondered to room 111. And so I spent the rest of the hour in detention. When my torture was finally over I went to gym. Where I spent another hour doing nothing, because I didn't have any gym clothes. Whoopdi-fucking-do. I was so mind numbingly bored, by the time I got to Biology I was ready to just go home. \"What's with the frown, clown?\" Jay asked, leaning on my desk. \"Long day.\" I said simply. \"There they are!\" Alex exclaimed, gathering around my desk. \"Did you hear?\" He asked Jay. Jay didn't answer, so Alex went on, \"Angel, here, embarrassed Fang gang Maria in front of an entire class!\" He said sounding amazed. \"Yeah buddy! High five!\" Jay said holding his hand out in front of me. I stared at it 'till it dropped. \"What was that about anyway?\" Alex asked. I could feel my face turning red, \"…She, uh, she was saying mean things…about…Bug…\" I said, looking down and feeling ridiculous. \"Wait. So you got in trouble because of me?\" Bug asked. \"No. I got in trouble because I can't control my temper and I hate it when people talk shit like that.\" I explained. \"Is this chick great or what?\" Alex said and he and the others returned to their seats. As it turned out, nearly everybody was in my Bio. Class. Penelope said \"Hi\" to me as she took the seat in front of me. \"How'd your detention go?\" She asked politely. \"Fucking great.\" I said glumly. \"That bad, huh?\" \"My mom's gunna kill me.\" I explained. \"I herd it was because Maria was making fun of Bug. Is that true?\" \"Yeah.\" \"That was pretty brave.\" She said and faced the front, where Mr. Keizer was telling us that our assignment for the next week would be to do research on any living creature. I put my head down on my desk and closed my eyes. I didn't expect to fall asleep, but when I did, I dreamed I was still in the classroom. Only it was twilight outside and I was the only person there. I stood up and went to the center of the room. I looked up and saw a giant bird flying in circles overhead. I turned my head and saw a crow pecking at one of the desks. The crow tilted its head at the circling bird. The crow grew bigger and bigger, breaking the desk under its wait. We watched as the giant bird landed on the teacher's desk. The crow then started for the other bird, hoping along the desks, growing larger with each movement. \" Keep the balance .\" A girl's voice said. \" Save your soul .\" Another said. \" Evil is coming .\" \" Save you soul !\" \" Find him !\" \" He will help !\" The voices said, getting louder and more frantic as the crow got closer and closer to the other bird. \" Don't let darkness fall !\" \" Help him !\" The voices shouted as the crow hunched over in an attacking position. It flew at the unsuspecting bird, faster than thought possible. It was inches from killing it and I couldn't do anything to stop it. In seconds, the bird will be dead. \"No!\" I shouted and found myself bolting up in my chair, just as the bell rang. Wow. Over 3,000 words. And 18 pages. OK. So tell me what you think! What could that dream mean? Does it mean anything at all? What is Angel's true purpose of being there? Is she really a Riverton Eight? Questions? Put it in a comment! (or PM me ;]) And PLEASE do comment! For God's sake, have some heart! Oh! And before I forget, sorry about any spelling errors or any other errors. I tried! I really did![Chapter 2] Chapter 2 of my new series! I hope you all are enjoying it so far! I noticed that it wasn't actually as long as I originally thought, so…yaaa. I CANNOT ask this enough, PLEASE review! It's what runs this site! Also sorry for the long update, this is just a lot to write/type soooooo…yaaaa…. Also I've had a shit ton of homework to do. Not to mention the homework I do for other people, PLUS the fact that I lost my notebook for some time. That was a very stressful time… Plus I've been sick and the only time I have to type is during school hours and THAT'S NOT VERY MUCH! Also I've taken to playing the new Legend of Zelda game, Skyward Sword, for the wii. Lol. Anyway, onto more important matter! My Soul To Keep. Recap: \" Help him !\" The voices shouted as the crow hunched over in an attacking position. It flew at the unsuspecting bird, faster than thought possible. It was inches from killing it and I couldn't do anything to stop it. In seconds, the bird will be dead. \"No!\" I shouted and found myself bolting up in my chair, just as the bell rang. Before they left, I noticed some of the students staring at me like I was a freak. Penelope was looking at me in concern, \"You OK?\" \"Fine.\" I lied grudgingly while getting up and following the rest of the students out. \"Bug!\" I called, \"BUG!\" He heard me and turned around, \"Angel?\" He asked as I ran up to him and Alex. \"That house I saw you in, you live there?\" \"Yes.\" \"You walking home?\" \"Yeah, why?\" \"My mom was going to pick me up, she ditched, and I don't know my way around town and would love to get home.\" I explained quickly. \"Oh, OK.\" He said then paused and said, \"Thanks for sticking up for me earlier. You know you didn't have to do that.\" \"I wanted to.\" \"Even though it got you in trouble?\" He asked, totally concerned. \"Hey, I get in trouble almost every day! It feels good doing it for a friend.\" I said happily. Bug smiled at me, and honestly…it made my heart flutter. \"So what are guys doing for the Bio. Project?\" I asked as we walked into the forest. I was hoping neither of them would notice the small blush that stretched across my cheeks. \"California Condor.\" Bug said instantly, \"Alex and I are working together.\" I stopped in my tracks. Condor? Like the one the dream girl was talking about? She wants me to find a bird? \"Angel?\" Alex asked, \"You OK?\" he asked, looking freaked. \"I, um…\" I said continuing to walk, \"I-I saw a frog and didn't want to step on it.\" I lied. I looked at them and smiled, \"I guess I'm just that nice of a person.\" Alex laughed, probably glad that I wasn't some psychopath. After a while, Alex left us. And it was just me… and Bug…. It was dead silent and that kinda freaked me out, \"Don't these woods ever scare you?\" I asked. \"No. Everybody goes through here.\" \"Oh.\" I said, still feeling freaked. \"Why? Are you scared?\" He asked innocently. \"No, of course not.\" I said, not meeting his eye. I felt bad about lying to him, but I didn't want him to think I was scared of trees. We stayed silent until we came to a row of houses. \"Thanks, Bug. For helping me home.\" I said. \"It was nothing.\" He said, looking as though he really thought it was nothing. \"It was something to me.\" I said, smiling, \"You're my new hero.\" \"No, I'm just-\" He started to protest. \"You helped me through the big bad forest. That makes you a hero in my book.\" He smiled sheepishly, seeing three was no getting through to me. \"See ya around, hero.\" I said and headed for my own house. XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX As soon as I walked in the door, my aunt pounced at me like a jungle cat. \"Uh-oh, Angel. What happened today?\" She demanded. \"Shouldn't you be at work?\" I asked, ignoring her question. \"I wanted to be home after your first day of school! Now quit evading the question! What happened?\" She replied. \"What makes you think I did anything? Do people automatically assume I've done something wrong?\" I asked, going into the kitchen. \"No. It's the fact that your teacher called saying you were sent to detention because of shouting inappropriate words at another student. And another teacher called saying you were asleep his entire class period!\" \"Oh…that.\" I said meekly, \"Well this girl in my Study Hall was making fun of one of my new friends, and I swear to God, I asked her to stop, before I lost it.\" I explained, getting my self a glass of orange juice. Destiny nodded her head, \"And the sleeping?\" \"I don't know. I guess I haven't been getting much sleep. I've been having these strange dreams.\" I said. \"What kind of dreams?\" She asked casually enough, but I could see the panic in her eyes. \" Um…this girl told me to find a condor.\" I said, weirded out. \"Not a condor, the Condor.\" She muttered, \" Wait here.\" She instructed, and went away. \"OK, that was weird.\" I said to myself and started on my Geometry homework. About fifteen minutes later, Aunt Destiny came back into the kitchen with a mysterious beverage. \"What is that?\" I asked suspiciously. \"It's a potion.\" She answered simply. One of the reasons I've always admired my aunt: she's very open about her religion. Wiccan. \"Drink it.\" She ordered, putting it in front of me. \"Uh…that's OK.\" I said, pushing it back. \"Please? For me?\" She begged shoving it back and putting on a pouty face. \"Ugh. Fine! What is it anyway?\" \"A protection serum. For your soul.\" \"…OK than. Well…bottoms up.\" I said and chugged the drink. I tasted Parsley, Sage, Cinnamon, Ginger, Nutmeg and Mint.* \"Mmm. Tastes great.\" I said sarcastically. I took out my Bio. book and started flipping through the pages, trying to get an idea for my project. \"Whatchya wokin' on?\" Destiny asked, sitting across from me. \"This project for biology. I can do it on any living creature. I want it to be something cool…like a bat or wolf-\" \"Oh! Back in the day people would keep the pelt of a wolf in hopes of being blessed by a higher being and gifted with the characteristics of a wolf.\" My aunt said excitedly. \"Riiiiight. I think I'll just work on this later.\" I said, closing the book. \"Well your mom won't be home for another few hours…you wanna do something?\" She asked, probably already having something in mind. \"Like what?\" I asked, hesitantly. \"Well…I told May, the woman across the street, my niece was staying with me and she really wants to meet you!\" \"Across the street?\" To Bug's house? \"Yeah! You know she has a son?\" \"Yeah…we've met.\" \"Oh good! OK, let's go!\" She squealed and dragged me to the door. \"Wait, wait, wait! I never agreed to anything!\" I protested. \"Pleeeeeeeaaaaaaase!\" She begged, pouting again. \"Oh God…Fine.\" I sighed and let her drag me to Bug's house We rang the doorbell twice before a woman with long, brown, curly hair answered. She smiled in surprise, \"Destiny!\" \"May, hi! This is my niece, Angel.\" \"Hello.\" I said politely. \"Come in, come in.\" May ordered whooshing us into her home. \"Bug! Come down, we've got company!\" She shouted up the stairs. \"Angel!\" He said, obviously shocked to see me in his house. \"Hi Bug!\" I said cheerfully. \"What are you doing here?\" \"My aunt dragged me over.\" \"May,\" Destiny said, \"Can we talk in the other room?\" \"Of course. Bug, why don't you show Angel your room?\" May suggested. And I can honestly say that was the first time Id ever heard a mother suggest that a teenage boy and girl go in the same room, unsupervised. \"Um, OK.\" Bug said and led me up to his room. I looked around, \"Your room is pretty neat. For a boy's.\" \"Uh, thanks.\" Awkward silence. \"So what's new, hero?\" I asked, smiling. \"Stop saying that.\" Bug protested, but I could tell he wasn't really angry. \"Sorry to, sort of…barge in like this.\" I apologized. \"It's OK. I wasn't doing anything.\" I tapped my fingers against my thigh, counting thirty seconds before I could no longer stand the silence. \"So what do you do for fun?\" I asked, \"Do you read, write, play video games? What?\" \"I, um…\" He hesitated. From the looks of it I guesses I was not going to get an answer. \"Well I like video games. And movies.\" I said bluntly. \"You do?\" He asked, perhaps awed that girl actually enjoyed being violent. \"Yeah! You and Alex should come over some time!\" I exclaimed happily. \"We should?\" \"Yeah! We could watch some movies, play some video games. It'll be fun! Whad'ya say?\" \"Um, sure.\" Bug responded uncertainly. That's when I realized that Bug probably never got invited to someone else's house before. Maybe Alex's, but who knows. \"It'll be so much fun! I've got some amazing fighting games~!\" \"Yeah?\" He asked, seeming to like the idea. \"Yeah.\" On I went about my games. I talked about the fighting ones and the classic ones, Bug spoke sometimes, too. And…I was glad to be making a connection with him. We talked until Destiny called me back downstairs. \"Come on Angel, your mother will be home soon,\" She said stiffly, \"Thank you May for having us.\" She said and quickly left out the door. \"Bye Bug!\" I called and we went. Night had fallen outside, and the moon and stars shined brightly in the black sky. I could tell Destiny was mad at May for some reason. I wondered why… When we got home the light were on and I could smell meat cooking in the kitchen. Mom was home. \"Evei!\" Destiny called running into the kitchen, her angry atmosphere disappearing instantly. Destiny wasn't usually an angry person, and she would often quickly over come that anger. \"Destiny.\" I herd my mom say, \"Did you hear the message? On the machine?\" \"The ones about Angel? Yeah.\" \"You knew?\" My mom yelled, furious, \"You do know I've set up a no detention policy, right?\" \"Yeah, so?\" \"So? So whenever she gets a detention, she gets grounded. Do you know what grounded means, Destiny? It means she stays inside with no friends!\" \"Come on Eve, you should listen to her side of the story-\" \"No! I won't listen any more! She can't keep missing class because she's in detention!\" \"But she's in there for all the right reasons. Martin Luther King always ended up in jail-\" \"This isn't a revolution, Destiny! This is school . What don't either of you understand about that?\" That was as much as I could hear of that. I ran upstairs, unnoticed by either adult. I taped a sign on my door that stated: NOT HUNGRY. SLEEPING. DO NOT DISTURB! XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX The next day was Saturday, so, of course, I slept in until noon. When I went downstairs I found Destiny cooking in the kitchen. \"Good morning Angel!\" She greeted. \"Is my mom home?\" I asked, yawing. \"Nope. She has to work all weekend!\" She replied. \"Good.\" I said harshly. \"Oh, be kind to your mother. She really does just want what's best for you.\" She said, putting a plate of waffles in front of me. \"Thanks.\" I said, chowing down on the delicious goodness that was the waffle. \"No problem. OH! Those are cuuuute pajamas!\" She exclaimed. They were short Hello Kitty shorts and a matching, low-cut tank top. \"Um…Thanks.\" I said, \"You bought them for me.\" \"I did? Wow! I have great tastes!\" I laughed at her just as the doorbell rang. \"Could you get that?\" She asked politely. I hopped over to the door, in a perfectly happy mood. I was even happier when I opened the door and saw Alex and Bug on my doorstep! \"Hey guys!\" I greeted, \"What's up?\" Alex had this awed looked on his face and Bug's eyes were twice their size. \"Hey! Wake up!\" I shouted, snapping my fingers. Alex shook his head, \"We're…painting the town red, and were wondering if you wanted to come.\" \"Yeah, sure! Come in and let me get my paintbrush.\" I said, fully opening the door. I seated my friends in the living room and ran up to my bedroom, where I quickly put on a pair of black skinny jeans, a long-sleeved black shirt, and over that, a gray Tee with a black peace sign on it. Quick as I could, I put on my knee-highs. Just as I was walking down the stairs my aunt stopped me. \"Uh-uh.\" She said, putting a hand on her hip, \"I am not getting in trouble because of you.\" \"Are you saying I can't go out?\" I asked in disbelief. \"I'm saying there is no way you're going out that front door.\" She said with a wink. I smirked at her, \"OK, than I'm just going to go tell my friends to meet my outside my window.\" \"That's probably for the best. Sorry, sweetie.\" She said and went back downstairs. \"Hey guys!\" I called, running into the living room, \"I need you to meet me outside my window!\" \"Why?\" Alex asked. \"I'm 'grounded'.\" I explained, using air-quotes around grounded. \"So…see ya outside my window!\" I said and ran back to my room. When I saw Alex and Bug safely outside my house, I opened my window and crawled on to some little roof part and jumped down. \"How're you gunna get back up?\" Alex inquired. I looked at the ground, than at my window, and shrugged, \"Eh. Who cares?\" Alex shrugged too. \"So, where to?\" I asked, clasping my hands together. Alex brought us into town, where most of the other teenagers hung out. We got some ice cream, which I found slightly strange, seeing ass how t wasn't even hot out. \"Is that Brandon?\" I asked, pointing my cone at him. \"Oh, yup. That's definitely him. You can tell by that weird walk of his.\" I answered myself. Alex laughed. \"Hey, watch this.\" I said, taking my melting cone and chucking t a Brandon's head. \"Shit! I didn't think I'd hit him!\" I said, laughing as I watched him struggle to get ice cream out of his hair. He looked angry and appalled and was searching for his attacker. Alex and I were laughing hysterically, even Bug was chuckling. Brandon must've noticed us laughing, because he started walking our way. \"Shit! Guys, RUN!\" I screamed and booked it outta there, Alex and Bug following behind. We made for the woods, hoping to take coverage and loose Brandon. \"This way, this way!\" Alex ordered, pushing us to the right. After what seemed like an eternity of running, we finally lost Brandon, not before he gave us a nice little threat, \"You'll pay for that! You little BITCH !\" I should say he gave me a nice little threat. \"Fuck, did you see that shit?\" Alex asked, laughing. \"Yeah man! That was fucking awesome!\" I said, laughing as well. \"We all three out ran Brandon.\" Bug pointed out, smiling. \"Hell yeah we did!\" I exclaimed, high-fiving Alex. \"I can't believe you threw ice cream at Brandon O'Neil !\" Alex said, still grinning widely. \"Yeah I did!\" I said, than got serious, \"Things are changing.\" I stated. \"What do you mean?\" He asked. \"I'm talking about revolution !\" I said loudly. Ironically, using the same word my mother had the previous night. \"What?\" He asked, clearly interested. \"You herd me. Revolution. We can no longer sit around and be treated like dirt! We run this school, not them!\" I exclaimed, getting up off the ground, and adding more power to my words. \"If we ban together we can turn this entire school around. I've already pissed of Brandon twice, and got away with it! I'm only one person, can you imagine if there were ten, twenty, thirty of us? We can change everything! Are you with me?\" I asked. Praying they would join me. \"Revolution, huh? Count me in!\" Alex said, raising his fist into the air. \"Bug?\" Please, Bug. Please. I thought, hoping he'd come along. He hesitated, \"Yeah, alright.\" He agreed, yet still had an unsure expression on his face. \"Awesome.\" I said happily, sitting back down, \"Hey, you guys should come over to my house tomorrow. We could play video games.\" I said in a tempting voice. \"I'm in!\" Alex said, \"Bug?\" \"Yeah. Sounds…fun.\" He agreed with a small smile. \"Cool. Well I'd better get home before my mom does.\" I said standing again. I started walking away, when I suddenly stopped. \"I have no idea where I'm going. Would one of you fine gentlemen like to help me?\" I admitted. Alex laughed at me, and him and Bug got up. XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX Bug and Alex had dropped me off at my house, and now I was faced with the problem of getting back into my room through my window. I climbed on to the window underneath the little roof part and grabbed hold to the edge of that. I was than able to swing my legs up and crawl back into my room. I took a shower and changed my clothes to something more casual, to erase any suspicion. When my mom came home, she never realized I'd been gone all day. XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX The next morning I woke up to Destiny calling me downstairs, I'd slept in 'till noon again, and Bug and Alex were at the door. \"Hey guys.\" I said, yawning. \"Is this a bad time?\" Alex asked, obviously realizing I'd just woken up. \"No, no. But I am still grounded, so I hope you don't mind coming in through the window.\" I said and slammed the door in their faces. \"I'll be in my room. Don't bother me.\" I warned Destiny. When I got upstairs I found Alex helping Bug in. Alex looked around, \"Nice room.\" He said noticing the purple and white flowered walls and matching bedding and carpet. \"I know it's girly. I am a girl. This room was made when I was three.\" I explained, sticking my tongue out at him. Alex held his hands up in surrender. \"These are my games and movies.\" I said showing them my stuff. I plugged in my T.V and radio and started some music. Eventually we chose a classic Mario game for the Nintendo, and took turns playing for hours. Sometimes we switched it up and played fighting games. After we were done with games, we decided to watch some movies. Be being, well, me, I only had scary movies. We put it in A Nightmare on Elm Street, and dimmed the lights. I was having such a fun time, I hardly noticed what time it was before it was too late. Seven O'clock. The time my mother got off work. I didn't hear her some up the stairs, so when she opened my door I almost screamed in dread. She looked just as shocked to see people in my room, as I was to see her. \"Boys. Get. Out.\" She ordered, trying to keep her cool. Alex and Bug couldn't have gotten out faster. Lucky them. Angel, I am very disappointed.\" She said calmly, \"You know the rules. Detention equals grounded.\" \"But-\" \"No 'buts'.\" She snapped, closing her eyes. \"Mom! I only got a detention 'cause I was defending one of my friends!\" I tried to explain, but my mother just shook her head. \"Angel, you can't keep missing class-\" She started. \"Martin Luther King-\" I started back. \"Don't quote your aunt!\" She screeched, scowling angrily. I huffed in frustration, \"I'm going to bed.\" \"It's only seven. Aren't you hungry?\" \"No. I've got school tomorrow. Don't wanna be falling asleep again.\" \"That's another thing, did you get any homework done?\" \"Yes, I did! Quit nagging me and just leave!\" I yelled, slamming my door shut. I herd her sigh and walk back downstairs. \"No faith!\" I complained. \"She just wants you to have a good life.\" I spun around and saw a girl with black hair, green eyes, and pale skin sitting on my bed. \"You-you're the girl from my dreams.\" I said in awe. \"Yes, I'm Iris.\" She greeted. \"This isn't real. You can't be real!\" \"You're right…in a sense. The only one that can hear or see me is you. So I'm real to you.\" \"I'm crazy.\" \"Not exactly. But you are in danger.\" \"How are you here?\" She sighed, \"This is going to be a long night. You know that potion your aunt made for you?\" I nodded. \"Well it worked a little too well. It affected your mental health as well as your soul. Your aunt is one powerful witch.\" \"You mean that witch stuff is real?\" \"That's not exactly my topic…We're here to talk about something else. I'm going to help you find The Condor.\" \"…You're serious?\" She nodded. \"Why?\" \"Since people could walk the Earth, there has been The Condor and there has been you. Your soul is basically like a life long power booster for whoever possesses it.\" \"Huh?\" She sighed, \"If someone kills you, they get your soul and become nearly unstoppable. Understand?\" \"Why would they do that?\" \"Because your soul gets more powerful all the time. People can sense power. When they sense your particular power, they go crazy. The Condor is completely unaffected by this. If you find him, and if he claims you, you are protected. Which is why it's so important that you do find him. Very few of us have ever found our own Condor's. Maybe three…\" \"Did you?\" I asked, listening intently. \"…No. But I can help you find yours.\" \"What is the Condor?\" \"A keeper of the Souls. I need you to listen: In a few days time, it is prophesized that a battle will ensue for your soul. Your classic good versus evil. Its anybody's guess who'll win. Everybody's hoping you'll find the Condor before than, that way you'll have more of a chance of going to the side of good.\" \"This is insane ! My life is turning into and episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer !\"* \"Well you'd better get used to the idea. Fast. 'Cause in a few days, if you're not prepared…you die.\" Iris said and disappeared into a golden colored dust. \"Dramatic much?\" XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX The next morning I walked to school with Bug and Alex. I didn't say much, ever since Iris said I might die , I've been a little jumpy and on edge. We were turning the corner, heading for the main entrance, when none other than Brandon O'Neil stepped in front of us. I jumped violently and held back a scream. \"Sorensen, this is a ten.\" He said, punching me in the stomach. I got the wind knocked out of me, and fell onto the ground. \"Don't mess with the Fang Gang.\" He said. I, clumsily, stood back up, still bending over in pain, and spat, \"Fuck off.\" Quick as I could manage, trying to break free of the pain, I kneed him where it hurts, just like my mama taught me. \"Bug…Alex…help me to English…please?\" I coughed. \"Come on.\" Alex said, grabbing one of my arms, whilst Bug grabbed the other. \"Thanks…guys…\" I moaned. XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX On Monday, we convinced Jerome, Jay, Penelope, and a few other students to join the Revolution. During the day, we talked strategy. During the night, Iris and I talked about the Condor. We concluded that he must be near by. Iris said she could just feel it . As the week passed me by, I became closer to my Revolution friends. Although, I did get nervous with every passing hour, I feared every day may be my last. And every morning, I got a lovely ten from Brandon. The bruises were starting to add up… Fang must've figured that I'd break eventually. On Wednesday after school, Alex snuck outside the Fang Zone and I raided the bitch's locker for something…anything… I found a list of names and number, but that's all. Alex was even less successful than I was, he said he'd been caught eaves dropping and would probably pay for it tomorrow. \"That sucked.\" I told him, as we walked away from the miserable building and entered the forest. Alex couldn't help but agree. \"You going to the celebration tonight?\" He asked. \"That's tonight?\" \"Yup.\" \"Damn. I'll probably be there later. My mom doesn't stop checking on me until 11:30. I was sent to detention every day this week, and she's been crueler than usual.\" I explained. \"Well, I'll see you then.\" Alex said and we split ways. This was the first time I'd gone through the woods by myself, I an honestly say…I was terrified. The end of the week was coming, and I still hadn't found the Condor… XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX At 11:30 I met everybody at the designated spot near the river. \"Hey guys.\" I greeted, high-fiving Jay. \"What took so long?\" Jerome asked. \"My mom has me under house arrest.\" I explained, \"Where's Bug?\" I asked, looking around. \"I'm sure he'll be here.\" Alex said. So we hung out, and talked, and waited. Twelve second 'till midnight, we gathered around Brandon and together we counted up. \"-…12!\" \"The lights…\" Brandon said, pointing to the town, \"are out!\" He bellowed as said light went dark. \"You shouldn't be here, you know.\" Iris said, popping up beside me. \"Go away.\" I whispered as quietly as I could, hoping the guys wouldn't notice. Her voice turned hard and cold, \"If you don't find him within the next day, you will die.\" \"What do you want me to do? I have a life outside of dyeing. \" I shot back. \"Not for long.\" She countered. Damn. She's good. \"Fine.\" I sighed, \"What should I do?\" \"For starters, you should leave.\" \"What? No!\" \"Yes. Being here is dangerous. Whatever it is that wants to kill you, is coming. Tonight. You'll be safer at home.\" \"No. I'm celebrating. It's my birthday.\" \"True, it is your birthday, but you're not a Riverton-\" \"What are talking about? I was born at exactly the same time and place as the rest of them-\" \"Sure, you were born in Riverton, but not at midnight. 12:01 is your birth time.\" \"So what. One minute off, there's no difference-\" \"There is! These kids are different, less than you, but still…different.\" \"How-?\" \"That's not the point!\" She snapped. \"Fine. Whatever. I'm still not leaving, I'm celebrating my fiends' birthdays.\" \"Fine! But at least hear me out. Do you remember the dream you had when you first moved to Riverton?\" \"No, not really.\" I answered honestly, trying to listen to Brandon. \"Blue eyes, evil laughter?\" \"…Yeah.\" \"Those eyes looked exactly like that Adam kids' and mixed with the evil laugh, I think Adam is-\" \"No way. You think Bug is evil?\" I asked, trying to keep the smirk off my face. \"I know Bug, he's not evil.\" \"You mean just like he ' knows' you? Does he know that you dreamt about him? Or that you see ghost people?\" \"Shut up. And you're one person. Not people.\" \"Regardless. Does he know you , like you, supposedly, know him ?\" \"It's not like I can go around saying I have a stalker that only I can see and hear.\" I scoffed. \"And he can't go around saying he's ultimately evil!\" \"It's not him.\" I said again, not as sure this time. Just as I said that, Bug came from the woods, looking exhausted. \"Where ya been?\" Ale asked. \"Sleeping.\" He answered. \"Bug takes a little longer, 'cause he's a little slower.\" Brandon said rudely. Douche . There's no way Bug , of all people, could be evil. He's too…. Innocent! I was so lost in thought, I barley registered what was going on. That was until a huge…thingy…came from the woods, scaring me half to death. I put my hand over my mouth to cover a scream. I was quick to realize that it was only a puppet. A scary as hell puppet, but a puppet none the less. As it turns out, Bug had to \"slay\" this puppet. But he only stood there in fear. \"I can't do this!\" He exclaimed, terror obvious in his eyes. \"But you must!\" Brandon yelled back. Before Bug could do anything, the police showed and we scattered, praying w wouldn't get caught and go home in the back of a police car. I followed my little group of friends, suddenly afraid of every shadow. Every noise. Brandon ran past us, pushing Bug in the river as he went. \"Prick!\" I shouted after him. Jerome, Jay, and Alex linked arms to get him out. \"Jay, that was a fucking bomber puppet! It scared the shit outta me!\" I whispered gleefully. Bug commented on how frightening in was and soon everyone was talking about how Abel Plankov could look different at sixteen years. \"He could be principle Pratt!\" Jerome said loudly. \"Shut the fuck up.\" Alex whispered furiously back at him. \"Buzz kill.\" I muttered. After a moment of silence, I said, \"I better be getting home. My mom'll flip a pancake if she find out I left.\" \"Yeah, Quint'll kill me if he catches me out this late.\" Alex agreed. \"Hey, you guys all set for tomorrow? The buzzard thing or whatever?\" Jay asked. \"Condor.\" Bug corrected. \"Made a sock puppet.\" Alex chipped in. \"A sock puppet? You're going to put your class to sleep! A good presentation has to shock and awe.\" Jay complained. \"It's my fault. I was to worried about tonight.\" Bug confessed. \"Listen Bug, I'm scared of the Ripper, too.\" \"You are?\" \"Yeah. I have to cross that bridge twice a day. I do what my grandmother taught me: spit in the river, and the Ripper won't come after you.\" \"And that works?\" \"For sixteen years. OK, I gotta go.\" He said, and him and Jerome left. Me, Alex, and Bug walked a little ways before it became just me and Bug. Bug couldn't be evil. He's horrified of the Ripper. An evil person wouldn't be that scared, right? I hoped so…\"So…some party, huh?\" I asked, trying to make conversation. Bug didn't answer, he just walked on, like he was in some sort of trance… \"Bug?\" I asked again. No answer. \"Bug? Stop, you're freaking me out! Come on! Snap out of it!\" I begged. He kept walking. \"Fine! Screw you than!\" I yelled and walked, more like ran, ahead. Alone. Oh God! I was alone. In a dark forest. With a possible killer… \"Fuck this!\" I protested, and made a frantic dash for my house. I crawled through my window, locking it behind me, just as it started to storm. The full extent of the situation hitting me full-blast. I was going to die. Possibly by the hands of friend. I wouldn't graduate. Or have a family. Or make my mother proud. I wouldn't have my first true love. I wouldn't try sushi, or go to New York, or London. I'll die a sixteen-year-old girl. Nothing more. Nothing to remember me by. Nothing. I would leave this living world, and it will continue to turn… XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX \"A protection serum. For your soul.\" \"…OK than. Well…bottoms up.\" I said and chugged the drink. I tasted Parsley, Sage, Cinnamon, Ginger, Nutmeg and Mint.* Parsley : energy and healing Sage : purification, banishing, healing Cinnamon : Cleansing, banishing, healing, psychic awareness Ginger : energy, healing, calming for stomach Nutmeg : psychic awareness, prophetic dreams Mint : (taste) relaxation, concentration. \"This is insane ! My life is turning into and episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer !\"* Disclaimer: I do not own Buffy the Vampire Slayer. OK, so I know I ended this chapter on a slightly depressing note. But I could NOT figure out a better place to stop. Keep in mind, these chapters are long and quite a bit to type up, so updates may be long. And let me give a big ole THANK YOU shout out to... RawrItsHeather and chicken feed MY FIRST REVIEWERS! THANKS YOU GUYS SOOO MUCH! I WAS SO HAPPY WHEN I SAW PEOPLE ACTUALLY REVIEWED! I WAS SQUEALING WITH GLEE THE REST OF THE NIGHT! :D Please review again![Chapter 3] I hope you all had a Happy Holiday! I know I did! I even finished a different fanfic I've been writing! ^-^ (79 notebook pages! Eep that was a lot!) I hope you guys got some awesome holiday gifts and whatnot! I myself got some cool things! I got kunais and shuriken! Lotsa fun, lol! I also got my wrist pierced! It looks…AWESOME! :D ~HELLO I'M~ My Soul To Keep. Recap: I crawled through my window, locking it behind me, just as it started to storm. The full extent of the situation hitting me full-blast. I was going to die. Possibly by the hands of friend. I wouldn't graduate. Or have a family. Or make my mother proud. I wouldn't have my first true love. I wouldn't try sushi, or go to New York, or London. I'll die a sixteen-year-old girl. Nothing more. Nothing to remember me by. Nothing. I would leave this living world, and it will continue to turn… XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX The next morning I felt less…angsty. A little nervous, but not angsty. \"Angel!\" Destiny greeted as I entered the kitchen, \"You're running late.\" She observed, \"Anyway, I've got something for you!\" She said and handed me, what looked to be, a balled up, lump of fur. \"What is it?\" I asked, not daring to unroll it. \"A wolf pelt!\" She said too cheerfully. I gave he my 'what-the-fuck-' look. \"It's been handed down the generations. I figured you could use it for your project.\" \"How-how did you get this?\" I asked, slightly disturbed. \"Your great something grandfather captured this while it was terrorizing a village's farm animals. He caught it, killed it, skinned it, and was celebrated as a hero! Obviously he kept the pelt.\" \"…Wow.\" \"Yup! Well, you'd better get going!\" She said, shooing me out of the house. I didn't see neither Alex, nor Bug, so I walked by myself. I felt slightly safer knowing there was a pocketknife hidden in my boot. If someone wanted me dead, I wasn't going down without a fight. XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX I met up with Alex, Bug, and Jerome in the parking lot. Chandelle booted us away from Jerome. Bitch. We were heading towards the entrance, when Brittany Cunningham walked past us. The boys stopped and just had to stop and stare at her. \"She is so beautiful.\" Stated Bug. \"I've seen better.\" I spat venomously, suddenly very hateful of the blonde. The ignored me and continued to ogle. \"She's hot for you too. You should go talk to her.\" Alex paused, than said, very frantically, \"Uh-oh. Distraction maneuver. RUN!\" He ordered. We spun around, ready to make our escape, only to come face-to-face with Brandon. \"Dunkelman, this is and eight.\" He said, punching Alex to the ground, \"Hellerman, this is a three.\" He said and punched bug in the arm. Than he looked at me, \"Sorenson, this is a fifteen.\" He said, the gleam in his eyes told me he was going to enjoy this. He punched me straight in the stomach. I fell besides Alex, gasping for breath. \"Dunkelman, stay away from the Fang Zone. Sorenson, quit making waves. And you, you stay away from them.\" That's the way the cookie crumbles.\" He warned and strutted away. \"Thank Brandon, felt good.\" Alex called after him, his breathing, unlike mine, was steady once again. \"Ass wipe.\" Brandon shot back. \"Not as good as your mother felt last night!\" Alex quickly yelled, making sure Brandon would hear. Brandon turned around, \"You just bought yourself a twenty.\" Damnit Alex! Why ya gotta open your fat mouth? I thought, still trying very hard to breathe. \"Brandon O'Neil!\" Penelope bellowed, looking like an angel through my wet, squinted eyes. \"Do not let the wrath of Jehovah down upon you! Your sins are already a stench in the nostrils of an angry God. Like knocking up Melony Pratt who's only fifteen and the principals daughter.\"* \"Melony's pregnant?\" Brandon asked, dumbfounded. \"She's in my prayer group, duh.\" \"Im'na get you for this.\" \"If you do, than God will get you, Brandon. And it won't be pretty.\" Penelope quickly countered with confidence. Brandon left, but not before directing a threat at Alex, \"Until next time, Dunkelman.\" Alex responded my flicking him off. \"I could use some help here.\" I wheezed weakly. Alex walked over and helped me up. \"Pray for our souls, Bug, he's coming.\" Penelope said warned. \"Jesus?\" Bug asked innocently. Penelope smiled, \"We should be so lucky.\" Than she did something that made e blush, she kissed him on the cheek, \"Promise you won't forget me?\" Bug was too stunned by the sudden kiss to respond. \"Be careful, \"She said looking at us, \"the end is near.\" And with those jolly words, she left. \"Why is Penelope always saying weird things like that?\" Bug asked as we entered the school. \"Parallel universe, baby.\" Alex answered. \"What do you think she meant by that?\" Bug was asking, when he suddenly stopped and grabbed hold of Alex, \" Pray for our souls, Bug, he's coming. \" He repeated in a high-pitched voice. I'd never seen him act like that before, so I'm totally OK with saying that I was scared. \"Do you think she meant the Ripper? I'm scared.\" Bug said, changing back to normale. Alex must've been startled as well, because it took him a second before he could answer, \"We're sixteen Bug. Like it or not, we're men now.\" He said and continued walking. \"But I don't feel like a man.\" \"No man does, that's why you gotta fake it.\" \"Fake being a man, to be a man?\" \"Fake it good.\" I only than realized that this was the extent of Alex's intelligence. No wonder we're all doomed. The day went by eerily quiet. Nothing jumped out at me, trying to steal my soul. The only thing that was different was that Jay wasn't here. Finally, the last hour of the day. Biology. My wolf pelt was in my backpack, and I was feeling good. I sat down in my seat behind my red headed friend. Mr. Keizer reviewed what we'd been doing yesterday. \"Soooo…Sorenson, you're up.\" He said, pointing to the front of the room. I took a deep breath, my ribs hurting slightly at the movement, and began my speech, \"In fairy tales, the Gray Wolf has often be referred to as the notorious, evil villain, such as in The Three Little Pigs and Little Red Riding Hood. SO for thousands of years the wolf has been hunted down, killed, and even 'tried' and burned to the stake.\" I explained, and showed them my wolf pelt. \"My great something grandfather caught this one while it was stealing animals from village people. He skinned it and hung it outside his door for all to see.\" I continued.* I went on about all sorts of facts about wolves. At the end of my speech, Mr. Keizer thanked me for going up and looked into the audience to pick out his next victim. \"Alex Dunkelman and Bug Hellerman.\" He said bordely. We all turned towards Bug. He was rubbing his temple and wincing in pain. Alex nudged him and they went up to the front. \"Back from the Brink, by Alex Dunkelman-\" Brandon interrupted by saying, \"Dumb fukelman.\" Before I could stop myself I said, \"How 'bout you're mom?\" Mr. Keizer was unimpressed and gave both me and Brandon a strike. Bug continued on, \"-and Bug Hellerman. Today, we'll be talking about a bird…\" Bug began lamely. Alex mumbled something to him and he paused and stared at us, a trance-like look entering his eyes. When he spoke again, his voice was deeper, more confident, \"Our subject today is the largest bird in North America. Only recently rediscovered at the-\" Some large word(s). \"-I give you, Gymnogyps californianus-\" \"Anus.\" \"Your mom~.\" Bug ignored us, and went on, \"-the California Condor!\" He exclaimed, as Alex put on an amazing condor costume. Alex started 'flying' around the room, students jumping out of the way as he came closer to the audience. I laughed at their fear. Normale Alex, is somebody easily pushed around, put him in a condor outfit, and BAM! Everybody's terrified. Haha, wimps. Although, now Bug was starting to scare me. His voice was low, and he was far too excited about this presentation then he should have been. \"-and if anyone so much as touches a single feather, just one,\" He paused, looking directly at Brandon. This was so obviously a set-up. I almost laughed out loud, but somehow managed to restrain myself. And, just as I expected, Brandon fell into the trap. He pulled out one of the feathers. We all waited in silence to see what Alex was going to do. Even I jumped back when he sewed a very disgusting, mysterious looking liquid all over Brandon. He jumped up and tackled Alex to the ground, whaling him with his fists. \"The great bird will vomit copiously on its tormentor. If the that doesn't work, the bird has another defense, bottle two, Alex!\" Bug ordered. Another repulsive liquid spat from Alex. By now everybody had jumped out of their desks and most of the girls were squealing in disgust. I, on the other hand, could hardly keep the smile off my face. You punch us, we vomit on you! Haha, bastard! \"Alex and I would like to thank you for your kind attention-\" Bug concluded, gagging at the end of his sentence. Mr. Keizer quickly signed Bug out a pass. As soon as he was gone, I said as sweet as possible, \"Mr. Keizer, I think Brandon should go to the nurse. Get some new clothes, maybe wash that stank off.\" Brandon looked ready to beat me right there, I smirked at him when our teacher agreed and also signed Brandon out a pass. He glared at me and Alex as he left. XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX Bug didn't come back to class, nor did Brandon. So Alex and I waited for our friend outside the boys' bathroom. Well, I waited for him. Alex went in to bring him out. \"Angel!\" Iris yelled, once again popping up beside me. I jumped and choked down a scream, \"What the fuck is wrong with you?\" I whisper-yelled. \"Come with me. I've got to show you something.\" She said, and started down the hall. I struggled to keep up with her, \"What is it?\" I asked curiously. \"Sorry, wrong word. Not something, some one .\" She corrected. \"What do you mean?\" I demanded furiously. She didn't answer, just moved faster. I followed her through the woods, to the river. We stopped. \"There.\" She said, pointing down at the rocks and water. I squinted below and saw… a body…? I squinted harder… Jay Chan! \"Jay!\" I cried, covering my mouth, my eyes widening in horror. \"Why would you show me this?\" I demanded, \"How did this happen…?\" \"He was murdered.\" Iris claimed, \"You need to know what's coming.\" \"I need to call the police, is what I need to do.\" I said, pulling out my phone and dialing 9-1-1. XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX After I'd called the cops, they'd let me go. Iris had disappeared again. I wonder where she goes…? Where do ghosts go? She never actually told me she was…well…gone. I just sorta assumed, what with her story about souls and Condors… I wasn't ready to go back home yet, so I walked back to school. Hardly anybody was there. I saw Penelope and Melony heading to the poolroom, they didn't see me. Good thing to, they'd probably want me to pray with them. I wondered around outside. I saw Bug standing there… talking to… himself…? Not how normale people would talk to themselves, but he was actually up and acting like different people. \"Look, Angel, Adam isn't normale. Look at him.\" Iris said, coming out of nowhere. I was finally starting to get used to that. But, still, she was pissing me off, \" Shut up .\" I growled. \"I hear he was oxygen deprived as a baby. That can make you do crazy things.\" She urged. \"SHUT UP!\" I yelled, glad nobody was around. Iris shot me a glare, and just as suddenly as it came, it was gone. In its place was a smooth exterior of slyness. I knew I pushed her over the edge. \"But than, you're not exactly all there yourself. I guess that why you're attracted to him. Two crazy people in love. Makes sense really…\" \"Shut up.\" I said again. Now she was not only making fun of me, but Bug as well. \"For all you know, \"She continued, \"I could be part of your imagination. All you've wanted was to be recognized as a somebody. So how do you know you didn't just…make. Me. Up?\" Was she right? Was I really just some crazy fool? I headed towards Bug, \"Hey!\" I called, running over, \"I need to ask you something.\" \"What is it, Angel?\" I paused, not really sure how to ask this, \"Are you, um…I mean you haven't…uh, killed anyone…lately…have you?\" He looked at me oddly for a second, \"Why would ask me that?\" \"Just curious.\" I said, a little too brightly, swinging my am back and forth. \"Not that I can remember.\" He answered. \"Good, good. And you haven't seen Jay around, have you?\" Bug hesitated for a few seconds, \"…Yeah, I have-\" \"Where?\" I blurted, suddenly not very sure of Bug's innocence. \"In the boys bathroom mirror-\" \"I-I've gotta go!\" I exclaimed and ran away. \"It's fine.\" I told myself, sitting on the parking lot curb. \"What did I tell you?\" Iris sneered. \"Bug is not…killer material.\" I said in disbelief. \"It may interest you to know that the others are making wagers. Placing bets. On you. Whether you'll live or not.\" \"People are betting on my life ?\" \"Technically they're spirits, and it's not only your life they're betting on. They're also betting on the killer and whether or not you make to your Condor on time.\" I looked disgusted, she shrugged, \"Gotta pass the time somehow.\" \"So what do I do if Bug is the killer?\" \"Find the Condor.\" \"What if it was Jay?\" \"You would've felt it.\" I laid on the grass in silence. XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX \"Angel, you should go home.\" Iris said quietly, \"Tell your mother and aunt you love them.\" \"I'm going to die.\" I said in monotone, refusing to get off the grass. \"No…well maybe. Just as a precaution!\" She said kindly, trying to fix her mistake. \"I'm going to die and than I'll be wagering on who dies next.\" I stated, still speaking monotone. I looked up at Iris, \"I really need to re-evaluate my life. \" I said and giggled hysterically, \"After tonight, I guess I'll be saying afterlife .\" I said, giggling harder. \"Angel, get up! You won't die if you just-\" \"Find the Condor?\" I asked darkly, \"For all I know, Bug could be the Condor! He's crazy enough about it.\" I paused, \"Oh, but no. You think he's a psychopathic killer!\" Iris looked away, \"Go home Angel. It's getting dark.\" She murmured. \"So what?\" I spat, turning on my side, \"If I'm going to die anyway, why not sooner than later?\" Iris looked down on me, disgust etched into her features, \"You're pathetic.\" She said and disappeared. I grunted, laying, again, on my back. For a few minutes, I didn't move. Then Iris's words came back at me. \" You're pathetic.\" I was NOT ! And I didn't need her help, I could this alone! I decided, my resolve coming back to me. I stood up and headed towards the forest, gaining confidence with ach stride I took. I'm not dying tonight! I declared, putting my hidden knife in my pocket for easier access. I walked for a while, day turning into night, and with it all of the dangers of the dark forest. I was walking along, when I suddenly slipped and fell. I took out my phone, using its light to see what it was I'd slipped in. \"AAH!\" I screamed, finding what I stepped in was-was…blood! \"Omigod! Omigod!\" I exclaimed, trying to wipe the blood from my pants. \"Omigod.\" I said once more before turning away and bolting through the trees. I ran away in a panic. I cried out loud when I tripped over a lump I the ground, falling onto my bruised stomach, effectively knocking my breath away leaving me in a gasping fit for air. The pain had become nearly unbearable as I relived every one of Brandon's punches all over again. \"Ugh.\" I groaned, looking to see what I tripped over. I was surprised to find a piece of clothes sticking out of the ground. \"What the-?\" I said and started un-digging. It wasn't in there very tight, so it took me no time at all to get it out. I was shocked to see that it was the Ripper outfit Jay had used for his puppet… With blood stains on it… I dug further and found bug's condor costume. \"Omigod.\" I whispered, covering my mouth in awe, \"B-Bug…really is the killer…\" I concluded. I quickly reburied the costumes, with shaking hands, and ran out of the forest. I ran past the rows of houses, heading for one I'd only been to once before. I hadn't even bothered to go inside at the time. I pounded on the door, \"Please, please open up.\" I begged quietly. I herd someone coming down the stairs. I almost cried when Alex finally opened the door. \"Angel?\" He asked, obviously shocked to see me, \"What happened to you?\" He questioned, checking out my dirt and blood covered clothes and skin. \"I-it's Bug…and a costume, two costumes! And-and-and-\" I stuttered in shock. \"Angel slow down. Come in.\" I nodded, my eyes watering. Alex brought me up to his room; my shocked mind was too clouded by the past events to wonder what was wrong with staying in the living room. \"Now, what's wrong?\" \"Jay's dead.\" I said bluntly staring into his eyes. He looked away, \"You herd, huh?\" \"Yeah.\" I said with a sniffle. \"Did you hear anything else?\" \"Like what?\" I asked wiping my teary eyes. \"About Brittany, Brandon, and Penelope?\" When I didn't answer he continued, \"They're dead, Angel.\" I felt like breaking down. My friends, the best friends I've ever had, are dying one by one. I felt sick and repulsed and like I just wanted to lay under the covers and die (figuratively), but I had to tell Alex. He had to know, for his own safety. I looked aver at him, he looked blurry through my tear stricken eyes, \"Alex…I was running through the forest and I tripped and fell…and found something.\" I paused taking a deep breath, \"I found the Ripper costume. With bloodstains on it. Along with Bug's condor costume.\" \"What are you trying to say?\" \"I-I think Bug may have…\" \"No. Not Bug.\" \"I'm sorry Alex.\" \"No, it's not Bug-\" Alex started. \"I found blood stains-\" \"It's not Bug…\" he said, \"… It's me .\" His voice had changed dramatically. It was suddenly deeper and much more frightening. \"Alex?\" I asked, scared. Oh man, I was so scared. \" Alex isn't here .\" My eyes widened as I realized Alex was the one behind the murders. \"Oh shit!\" I shouted and mad a run for the door. 'Alex' was faster than me and blocked my exit. I cried in frustration and attempted to shove him out of the way. He was stronger than me and ended up pushing me to the ground. He grabbed a knife from his pocket. I crawled back from him until my back collided with the wall. He smiled maliciously at me and kept coming. Once he got close enough, I kicked him. Hard. And in a very harsh manner. I got up, as he doubled over in agony, and punched him in the face. \"I am not dying tonight.\" I snarled and started to run past him. Freedom was just seconds away. Just as I was about to get away, 'Alex' stabbed me in the side. I cried out in pain and stumbled over. I put my hand over my deeply bleeding gash. The wound seemed deeper than it should have been. \" Die, you bitch .\" He whispered and cut me across the cheek. \"Sorry to leave you so suddenly, but revenge and all that.\" He said, watching me bleed to death on his floor. \"Bastard.\" I spat. He simply smirked at me and left. \"Damnit.\" I said trying to stand. I soon realized I'd lost too much blood and was too weak to move. \"No.\" I mumbled as blackness specked itself across my eye sight, \"No, no, no…\" I moaned one last time before I faded into the darkness completely… Hey. Want to read more? Yes? Scroll down. … … … keep going… … … … … … … … … … almost there… … … … XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX When I opened my eyes, the first thing I noticed was the painless warmth and light yellow glow emitting from my skin. I looked at my wound and found it completely healed. \"I-I'm dead.\" I stated in disbelief. As soon as I'd said it I felt myself jolt towards the door. \"The hell?\" I yelped as my body did it again. \"Wh-what's going on?\" I asked, trying to grab hold of something, only to find myself going through everything. My body was moving faster now, faster than I had ever moved in my life. I sped through the house, and street, and forest. Only to stop, not three feet away, from Alex. He appeared to be frozen in mid-step. I couldn't help but notice that he wasn't the only one; the leaves and trees were also stopped in motionless positions. \" If somebody kills you, they get your soul.\" Iris's voice echoed through my head. \"No!\" I protested as I was pulled ever closer to Alex by an unseen force. I almost started to cry when I began merging with him. \"No!\" I yelled, struggling to free myself, \"I won't join you!\" I shouted, pulling away with all my strength. I was nearly completely merged with him, when suddenly I was lurched forward! I gasped with surprise as sped even faster back the way I came. I snapped my eyes open and found myself back in Alex's room. My cut felt worse than before and I felt as though I had been struck with lightening. My mouth was dry and tasted of the potion my aunt had made for me. \"I've gotta warn Bug!\" I shouted to myself, just now remembering the place Alex was headed for was, indeed, Bug's house. I slowly rose, still a little tipsy from the blood loss. I went as quickly as I could down the stairs, glad my wound had slowed its bleeding. I was too focused on my new task at hand to even realize Alex's father was lying motionless on the floor. XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX I was nearly to my friends' house when Iris finally decided to show up. \"Angel! What's going on? What happened?\" She demanded, easily keeping up with my slightly sluggish pace. \"You were wrong! Shocking, I know, but Bug is the Condor!\" I snapped, running faster ahead, despite the pain shooting through my side. \"How do you know-?\" She started, while I left her in the dust. \"I died!\" I called back to her. \"WHAT?\" She yelled, catching up again, \"Nobody had ever died than come back!\" She exclaimed \"Well there's a first time for everything.\" I said, \"When I was coming back I got this really good, strong feeling about Bug. Like that's where I was supposed to be.\" I explained, \"Now, if you excuse me, I've got a soul to save.\" I said as Iris disappeared.* As I got closer to Bug's house, I was aware of all the lights being out. Not a good sign. I crept up to the window, peering in, I saw the figure of a female body soaking in, what looked to be, her own blood. I crawled over to the door and quietly snuck inside. My eyes teared up as I recognized the short, shoulder-length brown hair. \"Mom?\" I whispered as knelt down beside her. \"Angel?\" My mother breathed I gasped happily, knowing she was still alive. I took her hand, our blood mixing, \"I'm here mom. You're going to be OK.\" \"Angel.\" She said again, \"…Behave yourself.\" She whispered before all life disappeared from her eyes. \"No. Mom.\" I moaned, shaking her shoulder, \"You can't do this.\" I herd a glass vase smash in the other room and I gasped quietly. I looked at my mom, her lifeless eyes blank with death. I kissed her forehead, \"Goodbye, mom.\" I said gently and made my way back out the door. I herd a gunshot and froze, remembering the night my father died. I quickly shook my head, getting out of my stupor. I hoped I wouldn't be afraid of guns forever. I went to the side of the house and started climbing up to Bug's window. I stopped half way up because of a boy on the roof. \"Jerome?\" I asked, shaking him awake. \"A-Angel?\" He coughed, obviously confused. \"Jerome, what happened?\" \"The Ripper got me. Angel, be careful.\" He said in a panic. \"Shh. It's alright. Come on, let's get you inside.\" I said, helping him through the window. He stumbled about and knocked something off of Bug's desk. \"Come on, Jerome,\" I said dragging him to the closet, \"someone will have heard that.\" I explained and shoved him inside. \"Keep quiet. Nobody can know we're here.\" I warned, closing him in, my bloody hand leaving its mark on the door. I didn't have enough time to worry about that, because I heard somebody pounding up the stairs. I hurried under the bed, just as someone ran into the room. \" Shit .\" He exclaimed. I shuddered as I recognized the deep, double-edged voice of 'Alex'. Subconsciously, I put my hand over my wound; happy the bleeding had finally ceased. I was extremely grateful when he finally left. Seconds passed before bug came up, looking for his murderer and the lights came on. He opened the closet door, Jerome jumping out at him and thrashing his arms around. \"Jerome, Jerome, JEROME!\" Bug shouted, trying to defend himself. \"Bug?\" Jerome said before falling to the ground. Him and Bug exchanged words before our friend faded into nonexistence. Alex came back than, and I had to resist every revenge seeking molecule within me to not jump out and murder him where he stood. Bug told the traitor his story, and Alex played along, acting like he didn't know any better. He was nearly done with his account when Alex jumped in, pointing out a flaw, \"I thought you had his knife.\" He stated. I paused, thinking through the tale. Holy shit. He was right. And for one measly second I thought: Is Bug really the killer? I shook my head, remembering Alex stabbing me. Don't let him confuse you, Bug. I said mentally. I shifted a little bit, trying to get a better look. As I did so, my knife fell out of my pocket. I'd completely forgotten about it until then. I scooped it up, holding it tightly in my hand…waiting for my turn. \"You're Adam Plankov !\" Alex bellowed, gaining my attention once more. \"If anybody here has a bad soul, it's you. And you got it from your father!\" I could feel my heartbeat start to speed up. Alex said something else, but I was to distracted to pay much attention. Something about…torches? \"I didn't burry a Ripper costume.\" Bug protested. Here it comes. \" Well somebody did .\" Alex said, no longer Alex. This was it. Alex went at Bug and pulled out a knife. \" Evil doesn't forget betrayal, Plankov .\" He growled. I opened my own knife and slashed at Alex's leg. Surprised by the sudden attack, he jumped back. I crawled from the bed, standing next to a bewildered Bug. \"Angel?\" \"Hey Bug.\" I greeted quickly, not taking my eyes off Ripper, \"Payback's a bitch, huh?\" I asked him. He snarled and came at me. He was fast. Faster then I ever would have thought possible and in a second he was on top of me. Trying to stab me to death. I thought that would be the end of me…but than…I got this feeling of immense strength. My mind flashed me all sorts of images of girls of all ages. All with pale skin and green eyes. I saw Iris, and knew that these women were all the power souls before me…and they were giving me the strength to defeat my enemy. I kicked the Ripper to the ground, a quick look of surprise flashed across his face before he got up and came at me once again. I held tightly to the hilt of my blade, letting the instincts of myself and the others take over my body. Ripper's knife went for my heart; I easily dodged out of the way, slicing his arm as I did so. The monstrous demon shouted in anger and protest. I wanted to smirk, to gloat, but found myself to possessed by power to do anything of my own free will. The Ripper slashed my chest, blood spewing onto my clothes; he pulled me out of my thoughts. I'd wait until after the battle to panic. Without even stopping, my body cut Ripper across the face. I was pleased when this happened a few more times…not that I could express that joy… After a few minutes he was covered with small scrapes, a few gashes here and there, while I, on the other hand, was more injured with more than a few gashes here and there. After a few seconds, I noticed my body start to slow. I was taking on more damage, even worse than before. It wasn't long before I stopped all together, watching as the Ripper's knife sunk into my skin. As if I was nothing more then butter. The power of the others retreated back, leaving my body wounded and void of all energy. I fell back onto Bug's bed; my only satisfaction was knowing I'd exhausted the Ripper enough for Bug to be able to finish the job. My breathing came out ragged and unsteady. I was losing blood. Fast. \"Who are you?\" Bug asked, stunned by the quick battle. \" I'm the one that's going to kill you…unless you say yes to a deal .\" Ripper said, backing away from me and Bug, an evil smirk plastered on his face. Great. I'm laying here dying , and Alex and Bug are talking business. Bug said something back, I couldn't understand it. I was fading into blackness. Dark covered the corners of my eyes and I could feel myself slipping. Slipping away, and this time I wasn't coming back. The dark engulfed me now, and the last thing I saw before I disappeared all together was the Ripper and Bug engage into the final battle. XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX I was surrounded by darkness. I was floating, but at the same time not moving at all. There was nothing but black. Was this death? It had to be. \" Angel. \" A voice whispered, soft and calm. If this was death, then who could be calling me? Was it the other power souls? Was that were I was going to go, even though I'd found my Condor? Somehow, that just didn't seem fair. I'd found him. Hell, I'd even helped him defeat the Ripper… Didn't I? \" Angel .\" The voice called again. I tried to call out, to answer them… but my voice didn't seem to work. \" Angel !\" The voiced shouted, now in a panic. I started panicking too. Thinking that if I didn't answer I'd be lost in this colorless world forever. I tired calling out again, this time I made a gaping noise as if I couldn't get enough air. I tired again, and this time I actually felt as though I couldn't get enough air. I blinked hard, and for just a second, I saw a bright and blurry light…then blackness once more. \" That's it Angel. Come on .\" The voice urged. I blinked again, and this time saw the blurry outline of someone hovering over me. I closed my eyes, the light was too bright…but I didn't go back to the world of darkness. I could still see the brightness through my lids. \"Angel!\" Bug exclaimed, relieved. I opened my eye again, trying to focus the blurriness away. \"Bug?\" I coughed, all my pain flooding back to me. \"Angel. You're alive.\" He said, smiling down at me. \"Thanks to you.\" I coughed again. We waited there until the police came. \"We need a medic!\" Someone shouted, seeing my morbid condition. I left the house of blood in the back of an ambulance; the newscasts fired questions at Bug and took snap shots of me. Destiny rode to the hospital with me. The shock of the loss of her sister shinning glumly on her face. XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX It wasn't until the following night that Iris came to see me. She popped up in the late evening, after everyone had gone to bed. She stared at me, sitting cross-legged on the chair. \"Everyone's really amazed at what you did.\" She stated quietly. I just stared at her. \"You basically rewrote our history books.\" She said, louder this time, \"None of our Condors have ever called us back before. It was weird seeing you with us. Like you were there, but you couldn't hear or see anything. And the way you asked us to help you in battle-\" \"I did that?\" I asked weakly. \"Of course. Your soul called to us for back up, and we responded. You're more powerful than we first estimated…\" She mused. \"Hmm.\" I said, not feeling powerful at all. \"I'd better get back. This is the last time I'll ever see you alive again. But I'll be watching, so…farewell…Angel.\" \"Wait.\" I said quickly before she could disappear. There were still so many questions! She stared at me expectantly. She looked tired, overwhelmed… \"…Why was it you who always helped me?\" I breathed, deciding not to bother her anymore. Maybe some day… \"Because I was the one who died before you.\" She answered and turned to go. She paused and looked back, \"You did good Angel. You did good.\" She said, smiling slightly, and disappeared in one last ocean of golden dust. Despite everything, I smiled, glad that there was someone on the other side watching out for me. ~XXX MY SOUL TO KEEP XXX~ THE END. A/N's: \"Brandon O'Neil!\" Penelope bellowed, looking like an angel through my wet, squinted eyes. \"Do not let the wrath of Jehovah down upon you! Your sins are already a stench in the nostrils of an angry God. Like knocking up Melony Pratt who's only fifteen and the principals daughter.\"* This is my FAVORITE line in the whole movie! :D lol! I took a deep breath, my ribs hurting slightly at the movement, and began my speech, \"In fairy tales, the Gray Wolf has often be referred to as the notorious, evil villain, such as in The Three Little Pigs and Little Red Riding Hood. SO for thousands of years the wolf has been hunted down, killed, and even 'tried' and burned to the stake.\" I explained, and showed them my wolf pelt. \"My great something grandfather caught this one while it was stealing animals from village people. He skinned it and hung it outside his door for all to see.\" I continued.* OK. So my family is OBSESSED with wolves! So that's why I decided to do the wolf as Angel's school project, out of respect for them (my family) and the wolf itself, because that is juts how I roll. ^-^ \"Well there's a first time for everything.\" I said, \"When I was coming back I got this really good, strong feeling about Bug. Like that's where I was supposed to be.\" I explained, \"Now, if you excuse me, I've got a soul to save.\" I said as Iris disappeared.* The original title of this fanfic was going to be My Soul to Save . So I just HAD to add that in here somewhere. Lol :)) Wow. This chapter is 32 pages and about 6,000 words. Heh. Proud of myself~! I WANT TO THANK EVERYONE WHO REVIEWED! THANK YOU TO: BreeBree12345 (thanks you! Nobody has commented on my OC yet! Im glad you like her! ^-^) darkknightprincess222 cat feed (are chicken feed as well?) AND… Kristy Annabelle Cullens ! THANK YOUS GUYS SOOO MUCH! LOVE YA'S! xoxo! ^_- And to those of you who never reviewed but added my story to alerts/favs. First of all: SHAME ON YOU FOR NOT REVIEWING! :P Second of all: thank you for adding my story, lol :) And last of all I want you guys's opinion…do ya'll think I should make a sequel or not? Because I could be happy with it ending right there, but at the same time a sequel might be pretty cool. Im at a cross roads here, tell me what guys think in either a review or you could always PM me. :) NOTE: if you PM me I prolly wont get it for a while, becuz i do everything (excluding uploading stories) from my phone, and I have to use the school's computers to type and post, sooo yeah….thats a lil complicated, but whatever. Lol. ANYWAY! So review and tell me what you think of my story/this chapty and tell me if ya'll wants that sequel or nots. :) KAY! BYEEEEE!~ ","Summary":" Ok so this is my first completed story! So yay me! I realize it's super long, but I happen to LIKE "},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"Lillith's Soul","Author":"Lov2CUFade","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7403667","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! I saw My Soul to Take, and fell in love, Haha! I absolutely love this movie, and couldn't help but write a little bit for it. So, here goes! Oh, her name is pronounced Lill, as in lil girl, ith, as in with. ,,/^^,,/ Bug looked at his sock puppet…it was inadequate, but it would do for a C, or high D. Lillith came threw his window, and he turned to look at her. He was taken back. A bruise marred her cheek, and some blood matted her long brown hair to her forehead, where a gaping wound stared at him. Her shirt had been ripped and was hanging by a thread, and he could see a bruise starting to accumulate on her shoulder, under the straps of her bra, and black tank top. \"Hey Bug. What's up?\" She sat on his bed, usually the first thing she did was hug him. \"Lill…What happened?\" He got up and moved her hair out of his way. \"Did Chris do this to you?\" He demanded. She shrugged. \"He was drunk, not the first time.\" She looked at Bug wide eyed. \"I didn't mean that. I mean not the first time being drunk…it was his first time to actually grab me and hit me…\" Bug looked at Lillith. He shook his head. \"I'm sorry Lill…\" He whispered. She looked up at him, and smiled brightly. No matter what, nothing got this girl down. \"Nah, no worries. I got you and Alex, I can handle my dip shit brother, and his gross ass friend.\" She laughed, then grabbed her stomach. \"Can I shower here?\" Bug nodded. \"Yeah, mom won't mind.\" He whispered. \"Are you okay?\" She looked at him with her crystal grey eyes. She smiled and nodded. \"Yup, just need a shower.\" They walked out in the hall just as May was coming up the stairs. \"Hey Mom.\" Lillith giggled. \"Can I shower here?\" She asked. May looked taken back for a second then grabbed some towels from the cupboard. \"Of course Lilly, you're always welcome here.\" She smiled. \"I wish I had your mom Bug, you're so lucky.\" She took the towels. \"Thanks May. Be out soon.\" She opened the bathroom and disappeared. \"Bug, is everything okay?\" May asked once the water started. He shrugged. He looked at the door, wondering just what happened. \"If not, she's going to play like it is, until she can't act anymore.\" He answered truthfully. He turned and went back into his room. Lillith sat down and let the hot water run over her sore and bruised body. \"Fucking asshole…\" She laid her head against the tile, and sat there, imagining killing him. \"I wonder if I stay in here for a long if Bug'll come in after me…\" She thought. She sighed and got up, then washed. She turned off the water, and dried her body, then got dressed in the clothes May put in there. She opened the door, and walked to Bug's room. After a quick knock, she opened the door and came into his room, then shut the door behind her. \"Hey Bug.\" She plopped down on the bed, and laid back, her tank coming up, showing a bruise on her stomach. \"Lillith.\" She sat on her elbows. \"Are you okay?\" Bug asked, in all seriousness. She smiled. \"I will be…\" She opened her arms, and Bug crawled to her. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her to him. \"I just need to stay away from them for a bit.\" She whispered. \"Lill…What'd they do?\" Bug held her head under his chin, just in case she started crying, he knew she'd hate for him to see her cry. \"Please tell me…\" \"Chris thought it would be funny to try and rape me.\" She ground out. \"Mike didn't mind either. I hate my fucking brother. I hate the name Mike for any child, I feel bad that they have to share a name with my sorry ass brother. Same goes for Chris.\" He felt her tremble, and held tighter. She sighed and the trembling went away, and she looked at Bug. \"You're always here for me…you know I'm always here for you too. I love you Bug, sleepy good.\" And with that, she fell asleep in his arms, until the alarm went off at midnight.[Chapter 2] Here's the second chapter. If you guys have any questions, ideas, or anything, just tell me, I'd take them into consideration. I love this movie and Max is sexy! One reason I had to write something for it. =P People need to make more My Soul To Take fictions… \"Sleeping.\" Bug answered Alex as he and Lillith made it to the spot, into the woods. She sighed. \"I don't want to be here, I have a bad feeling.\" She whispered to him. He looked sideways at her. He was already kind of freaked out; he didn't want to be here either. He hated it here too. As if proving her feeling right, Bug was chosen to slay the Ripper. As he was stalking out of the woods, the Ripper puppet, an apple smashed against Brandon's face. Brandon fell to the ground and everyone saw a rock connected with the ripper's mask, making the puppet collapse. They all turned to see Lillith straighten up and relax her arm. \"Hey!\" Brandon snarled. \"What the fuck was that for?\" She glared at him and watched him come closer to her. \"How can you stand there and bully everyone?\" She growled out. \"What the fuck is your problem?\" \"You'll regret that!\" He yelled and balled his fist, throwing it at her. She ducked and smirked before side kneeing him in the face. Suddenly, a hand grabbed her from behind and pulled at her waist, away from Brandon. She stumbled and saw Bug. \"Come on! Let's go!\" He shouted. She finally was able to fully turn around and sprinted after Alex, and Bug, heading to his house. They quickly crawled through Bug's window, and she landed safely on his bed, staring at the ceiling. She took a deep breath and peeked at Bug and Alex. \"You okay?\" She asked. Bug nodded. \"Yeah. Thanks, Lill. You're a good friend.\" Lillith's heart clinched. \"Friend?\" She thought and closed her eyes. \"Good enough, I guess. I'm closer to him than anyone else.\" She looked at Alex, who was acting like a retard, acting like Brandon and what he looked like getting hit with the apple. She smiled and giggled. \"Besides Alex.\" She shot up and grabbed both boys in a hug. \"I'll see you idiots tomorrow!\" She said in her singsong voice. \"Alex, get home before Quint sees you're gone.\" She warned and was out the window. \"Yeah, what's he gonna do?\" He called after her. \"Did you see Brandon's face when Lill nailed em with the apple?\" He laughed. \"We're gonna be so in for it tomorrow.\" He stopped. \"Hey, what's wrong?\" \"I didn't slay the Ripper…\" Bug looked at where Lillith once sat on his bed and got out of his chair and laid there. He could smell her sweet Tommy Girl cologne, and wild berry shampoo. He took a deep breath. \"Nah, Lill took care of it, and Brandon!\" Alex smirked. \"Jeez, she was so hot tonight! I can't believe she's our friend and not hanging with them!\" He laughed. Bug looked at his friend, and chuckled. \"How long have you had the hots for her?\" He asked, laughing. Alex looked thoughtful, then shrugged. \"For about as long as she's had the hots for you.\" Bug stopped laughing. He rolled over. \"Quit joking around.\" He said. Alex shrugged. \"Alright dude, I'm gonna go home now. Sleep good.\" Bug didn't. Nightmares. All night. \"Mornin!\" Lillith crawled through Bug's window then crawled on his bed, watching him get ready. He growled out an inaudible morning and took off his shirt then threw it on her. \"Hey!\" She giggled and pounced him, knocking him to the floor. He let himself fall then felt the full weight of her on his body. \"Haha! I win!\" She squealed and got in his face, grinning triumphantly. She stopped laughed. He just stared at her. \"Bug? You okay?\" She lifted her hands from his shoulders, and pushed her weight to her knees on either side of him, so no weight was on him. \"Bug?\" He lifted his head off the floor, and gently started pulling her towards him. She felt his breath on her, and closed her eyes. He drew her closer. He felt her breathing go erratic as he gently pulled her closer. \"Hey Bug!\" Alex called from outside. Lillith opened her eyes and got off Bug and went to the window. \"Cha want weirdo?\" She laughed. \"Cops showed up at the place last night after we took off.\" He said, climbing up. Lillith back up and let him in. \"Wow…no shit?\" She flopped down on the bed and glanced at Bug. He was finally putting a shirt. She couldn't help but for her eyes to linger a bit. \"No shit.\" Alex smirked. \"That's a bad word.\" Bug grabbed his bag and they looked at him, then each other, and then laughed. \"Bug! You're so cute! Well, the po po didn't get us.\" She smiled. \"You guys ready for school?\" \"Wow boys.\" Lillith walked up to Alex and bug. \"Heard about bio. Not bad. Did he try to nail you guys this morning after I left?\" Bug looked at her. \"Yeah, but it's okay. We got em back.\" He laughed. Lillith laughed and the boys laughed harder, she always had that effect on them. \"Nicely done boys.\" She praised. (A/N. So here is where I cut it in half. I have a second idea that is still going through some modifications, so this is the first half. I will say when it is the second half.) \"I've gotta get home, but I'll come over later tonight, 'kay?\" Bug nodded. They watched as she walked away, smiling. \"Can you believe she almost died 16 years ago?\" Alex asked, breaking the silence. \"Hm…\" Bug watched her figure disappear. \"I've gotta go see the principle.\" He turned and headed to the office, leaving Alex to go home. Sup! So tell mah what cha think, and no flamers. I will delete or send a bitchy message back. I do not like being told my shit sucks, even though it's probably true, say it nicely? I have to give praise for my best friend on here! RatedRGirl83! ~ She has stuck with me throughout my whole time here, and she's funny as fuck! ,,/^.^,,/[Chapter 3] Sorry I haven't been writing recently, my mind has been else where…Haha Here's chapter 3 1/2! Also, sorry about it being so short, I might finish this ending in the next one. \"Hey Lil…\" Chris slurred, putting his arm around her. \"Ugh. God! Get off! You reek of alcohol.\" When he didn't let go and turned and shoved him into the wall. \"Back off you disgusting bastard!\" She yelled, and slammed her fist into his face. \"Stay away from me!\" And her bedroom door slammed. Lillith pressed her back against it. \"If only...\" Four hours later~! Lillith stuck her head out her window. \"Almost time to go.\" She whispered to herself. Suddenly what looked like a man ran behind a big old oak tree. Trying to see what it was, she leaned out even further. Her eyes strained against the darkness and suddenly, she was falling. She landed on her back with a loud, nasty thud and saw stars. \"Ugh…\" She coughed and looked up just in time to see the Ripped running towards her from where he landed. She wasted no time. She shot up and darted towards bug's house. Right as she was going over the bridge, the Ripper grabbed her. She struggled out of his grasp and moved away from his swishing blade. He lunged at her and shoved her against the cold metal railing. She gasped and he sliced. She jumped to the left and his knife caught her right hip. She felt herself falling again and hit cold water. Lillith busted through the surface and gulped deep breaths of air. She could see the bank and headed towards it. She crawled on the shore, but didn't stick around. The cold water had numbed her, so the pain wasn't bothering her, hearing the Ripper behind her was what made her almost lose it. As soon as his house was in sight she screamed for Bug. A sudden pain in her shoulder blade made her drop to her knees. She turned slowly and saw the Ripper standing over her. \"No…\" She raised her hands as he swung. She cried out and held her bloodied hands. \"Lillith!\" Bug screamed. The Ripper hesitated and Lillith flung herself at him. They rolled down the hill and into the woods. She looked around for the Ripper but he was nowhere in sight. \"Lillith! Where are you? What's wrong?\" She heard Bug scream. \"Bug wait! He's here…I don't know where, but he is…\" She suddenly cried out as she saw him running away. \"Bug! Bug you scared him away…\" she breathed. Holding herself, she got up and climbed the hill to be greeted by Bug's warm arms. She was breathing heavy and had several different scratches all over her from the river and running though the woods. \"I need a hospital…\" And with that she passed out. Bug woke up from a nightmare. He knew he would be troubled with them all night. It was unavoidable with Lillith being taken to the hospital and him not being able to go. He couldn't remember his nightmare, and he knew he didn't want to. Suddenly someone crawled threw his window. He screamed and fell off his bed trying to get away from who ever it was. \"Bug! Stop screaming! Me head is killing me.\" Lillith leaned over the side on the bed and her long hair fell over her shoulders. \"You okay?\" \"Lill…what are you doing out of the hospital?\" Lillith shrugged. \"They wouldn't let me take a shower. Can I take one here?\" She asked and moved back to Bug could stand. He looked her over. She was cut, but they weren't bleeding like they were, she was still a bit pale and her dark hair didn't help. He looked at the clock. The red letters read 9:24. \"Yeah, I'll be here.\" He handed her a towel. \"Hey Bug…Um…\" Lillith opened his door and looked at him. \"I'm out…can I borrow some shorts and a shirt?\" Bug took one look at her. Her hair sticking to her face, looking scared and darted to her. \"Bug!\" His hands found her face and she grabbed his shirt. \"Bug! I'm okay!\" His eyes cleared and he looked at her. \"Sorry, your hairs wet, and I thought…it reminded me…\" Lillith smiled. \"I'm okay Bug. I'm fine, see?\" She spun in a slow circle then realized she was only in a towel. She blushed and took the clothes Bug gave her. \"Thanks.\" He turned and allowed her to get dressed. \"Where do I sleep?\" He lifted the covers next to him and she darted under, cuddling next to him. Tell mah what cha think! ","Summary":" Hey guys! I saw My Soul to Take, and fell in love, Haha! I absolutely love this movie, and couldn't"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"Daphne","Author":"Ennya","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6472688","Passage":"[Chapter 1] *I do not own Robin Hood. I do not make any money writing this story* A/N: I find the lack of Godfrey fanfiction disturbing. I'm gonna do my part to help the situation. :P Hope you like! Daphne Chapter One / Dismounting his horse, Godfrey removed his riding gloves and made slow, steady way towards the creek. Listening to the sounds of the woods around him, to the birds calling and the trees breathing, and the gentle gurgle of the stream, he bent down to dip his dirt-caked hands into the freezing water, bringing them up briefly and rubbing them together to wash them clean. He rose his eyes to survey the woods around him, the air cold and the mist lingering in the trees. Godfrey was lost. It had been an intolerable couple of hours. Having been stationed at camp far from Barnsdale, awaiting the King's army from France to make their way into the heart of England, his brigade had picked up to move out of the woods and towards the road that would take them to Barnsdale. But, once they were on their way, Godfrey, who had been lagging behind, had spotted what he believed to be a messenger riding through the woods. Pulling away from the troop, he had seen that it was obviously not a messenger but a doe frolicking in the clearing, and once he had gone back to rejoin the brigade, they had disappeared into the trees. It seemed utterly preposterous. He was leading them, after all, throughout the country to collect taxes for King John, how could they even think to continue on without him? How had not one of them noticed he was absent from the party and declared they should all stop and search for him? How on earth did he get lost in the first place? It was because of the damned forest, endless trees and hills and moss. It played tricks on the mind and led Godfrey further and further away from his brigade. It had been a complete waste of both time and energy. Sighing heavily, in both exasperation and anger, Godfrey shook his clean hands relatively dry and, as he stood, he balled them together and rose them to his mouth to warm them. Turning his gaze this way and that, he tried to think of a solution to this most ridiculous conundrum he was in. Would he head for the road and hope to meet them? It seemed plausible that they should ride to meet him, but he had no idea where the road even was, forget the direction in which to ride towards. Seemed whichever way he turned and looked, he was leading himself further and further into the deep woods and farther and farther away from civilization, and thus, his brigade. Godfrey seemed to remember having packed a map of the area, hidden somewhere in his saddlebag. He figured it would be the best place to begin, now that he was helplessly lost. He turned towards his horse when suddenly a very peculiar sound caught his acute attention. It was the sound of an arrow, piercing the freezing air, whizzing past his left ear, and Godfrey turned his head sharply and backed up towards his horse, his eyes roving the open ground for any sign of an aggressor. He reached with his right hand for the sheath tied to his horse's saddle, where his sword sat sleeping, and careful not to make even the slightest crunch under his boots, he continued to look amongst the trees for a figure, and continued to listen for another arrow. It came again, a second arrow flying sharply through the air, and Godfrey grabbed the hilt of his sword and unsheathed it, holding it at the ready, surveying the area. He knew the archer could not be far, as the arrow was close range, he could tell it had not landed far. The archer was obviously taking aim at him. Godfrey gripped the hilt with both hands and took a step forward. Behind him his horse whinnied nervously, and Godfrey knew he was not alone. All of a sudden, a great thundering sound erupted from behind him, and turning on his heel and readying his sword, Godfrey was shocked at first to see a great stag come running through the woods, breaking out of the cold air, and fleeing past him without even a care. Godfrey turned to watch the magnificent animal splash across the creek and climb up the slight hill, disappearing into the trees. He could see the silhouette of the creature's antlers through the mist for only a little while, and then it was gone. Godfrey settled a little, easing his tense shoulders, for there was still the matter of the archer, if the archer remained nearby, which seemed more than plausible. But the more he listened, the quieter the woods became, and there were no more sounds of arrows or animal hooves. He resolved to sheath his sword and return to the matter at hand: getting himself to the nearest road for any hopes of rejoining his party. But just as he turned towards his horse, another figure came bounding out of the trees before him, blinding his peripheral vision; two heavy feet planted into the soil beside him, and Godfrey, with his lightning reflexes, rose his sword to defend himself against a possible attack, not surprised in the least to hear the all too familiar metallic clang as his sword collided with another. Godfrey came face to face with his attacker, a wide-eyed young hunter, holding no more then a simple hunting knife to defend himself against Godfrey's great sword. Godfrey mustered a scowl as threatening as he could manage for the young hunter who had dared to take aim at him, promising in his mind that the hunter was in for a world of pain, but as his trained eyes searched his attacker's face for a sign of weakness, he was taken aback by the sight of strawberry-blonde hair that he had assumed was cut short until he saw the locks were pulled back into a long braid. Godfrey felt his scowl lift. It wasn't a young hunter at all. It was a young woman. Truly Godfrey was as surprised to see her as she was surely surprised to see him. She stood tall but was lithe and slender in the limbs. The dirt smudges on her lovely white face did not steal his gaze away from her mystifying eyes, green as the forest that surrounded them, as she stared back at him with a gaze of both fear and fearlessness. While they both maintained their position, it seemed unclear as to who would step down first. While this girl had only a hunting knife, she had been silent enough moving through the woods that Godfrey did not doubt she had other hidden skills she might not mind exercising in the presence of a potential enemy. She did not falter her gaze on him, and while that normally would have irritated him, Godfrey was more curious in her defiance then irritated. \"Are you hunting me, nymph?\" Godfrey inquired, his voice emitting from his throat as smooth as silk. The girl shook a little, as though she had never heard a man's voice before, but refusing to falter she pressed her pink lips together and continued to stare at him. It was obvious to Godfrey's observation that she was trembling but trying hard to stand her ground. \"I was after a stag,\" she spoke at last, fluently, like music, but strong and determined. \"Did it come this way?\" Godfrey snorted lightly in his throat, resisting the urge to smile, and took a step back, drawing his sword away from her knife, and watched her expression change with surprise. He knew that, since she was after the stag and clearly not after him, she would not have the will to attack him, and he had no desire to strike against a young woman; even if she chose to attack him, it didn't matter how skilled she may have been, she was clearly no match against him. Nevertheless, she watched him intently, as though convinced he was going to pounce and strike at any moment, and she must always be on guard. Godfrey saw that she was terrified of him. \"It came, and it's gone.\" he answered, referring to the stag she was after, and gestured to where he had seen the animal disappear. \"Into higher ground.\" Drawing her eyes away from him for only a moment, she looked to where he was intimating, her eyebrows knitting together. Slowly she lowered her knife to her side and let out a defeated sigh. She shook her head dismally, swearing under her breath, and turning to look back at Godfrey, she carefully sheathed her hunting knife on her belt. Her eyes did not falter from his gaze. \"You shouldn't be out here alone.\" Godfrey eyed her mischievously as he went to his horse and replaced his sword in its sheath. If only she knew what atrocities he'd committed in the past. Being alone in the woods was of no concern to him, aside from the fact he was lost. \"And why might that be?\" She stared up at him with an unimpressed look on her face. \"These woods are home to the most vicious wolves in all England. They prowl on lone travellers, night and day.\" Godfrey couldn't help but smile, touched by her guarded concern for his well-being. He had no doubt that if faced with a pack of wolves, he would have been quite capable of handling himself. It occurred to him, almost immediately, that if she was warning him against the possible dangers of the area, she must have known it well herself. So he decided to take the chance to make inquiries. He turned towards her and fitted his hands into his gloves while she stared at him like she had never seen a man before. His gaze flitted up and down her form for a moment; she was dressed in a simple hunter's vest and trousers made of brown leather, with long boots that stretched up past her knees. For the first time he noticed the longbow that was flung over her shoulder. She seemed thin but he could see her forearms were toned and so he assumed she was fit for life in the forest. \"Obviously you know the land, for it moves silently beneath you. Is there a town nearby?\" Godfrey knew if there was a town nearby, there would be a road in which to find the rest of his brigade. The girl tensed, as though hesitant to reveal such information, but then she turned towards the hill from where she had first appeared and raised her arm. \"There's a village over these hills, beyond the trees.\" She took a moment to examine him; she must have come to the conclusion that he was a wandering traveler in need of rest, albeit a fairly threatening-looking traveler. \"You'll find room and board there.\" Godfrey looked to where she was pointing, and although it occurred to him to ride and take her direction, he had already gotten himself more lost then he cared to admit and didn't want to risk getting himself lost any further. Looking back at the girl, he gestured with the nod of his head. \"Will you show me the way?\" The request seemed to shock her, for her eyes widened considerably, and she looked away to hide the expression on her face, which amused Godfrey. She was obviously hesitant, and she swallowed tightly and crossed her arms. It made Godfrey want to laugh. She had every right to be frightened of him, but he was in no mood to be a menace, and certainly not if there was drink and hot food in this town she hailed from. The thought of hot food and warming drink on a bitterly cold day soothed him, and he was anxious for it, especially in light of his frustrations. Finally she sucked a breath in through her teeth. \"All right.\" Godfrey managed a small, pleasant smile and mounted his horse in one fluent motion. His horse stomped impatiently on the mossy ground, and turning towards the girl who moved to follow, he gripped the reins with his left hand and extended his right hand out to her. She paused as though he had pulled a weapon on her, and she looked up into his hazel eyes in great surprise, motioning as though ready to spring back and run in the opposite direction. She looked to him for an explanation. Godfrey waited patiently, holding his gaze with her. \"Come, I'll not let a lady walk should there be a horse to carry her.\" She was mistrustful, and eyed the horse as though she'd never seen one before and didn't dare mount it. She shook her head eagerly. \"Thank you, but no. I...prefer to walk.\" Godfrey chuckled a little deep in his throat. \"It's a cold day, milady, and you've been shaking since the moment we clashed our blades. Best we arrive quickly so you may get warm.\" He saw the colour rush to the apples of her cheeks and it gave him some amusement that she was embarrassed. But indeed she was shivering, holding her arms to her body, and she looked towards the forest and then down at her dirty boots, a clue that the town was almost too far away to go on foot. Godfrey continued to wait patiently, enjoying her discomfort, but still held out his hand for her to take. Finally, after much deliberation, took the longbow from her shoulder and approached the horse steadily. First Godfrey took the longbow from her and placed it strategically against the saddle so that it would not fall loose, and then turning back to the girl she rose her white hand to accept his offer. Smiling mischievously to himself, Godfrey enveloped her delicate hand in his fist and hauled her up as though she weighed nothing, which made her gasp. Delighting in her discomfort of the situation, Godfrey pulled her up and observed the shocked look on her face as he planted her snugly in the saddle in front of him. She tensed up, and for a moment he was positive she was going to jump right off and make a run for it. But a moment passed and she remained still, and the heat of her body was a welcome warmth to him, and suppressing a smile, Godfrey wound his arms around her frame to tightened the reins about his hands and motioned with his thighs for the horse to climb up and hill, and so they made their steady way through the trees. / The entire horseback ride back to town was in silence, for Reagan knew she had either done something fairly wise or, alternatively, very stupid. She sat in the saddle of this man's horse, with her back flush against his chest, gripping the horn of the saddle with both hands as his arms circled around her as he held the reins of his horse. It frightened her more then seeing the telltale glowing of wolf eyes in the dead of the night through the trees, but it also excited her more than anything she had experienced before. When she had encountered him, this man in black, while running after the stag who she had missed with two finely crafted arrows, she had no intention of hurting him, unless of course he made move to hurt her in turn. Quite the contrary: she hadn't been able to take her eyes away from him. Reagan had never seen a man quite like him; very tall and muscular, mysterious, with not a hair on his head and such distinctive facial features, that which included a rather angry-looking scar along his left cheek, and he was very handsome in a none too conventional way. He was dressed in clothes as black as pitch, with a horse as black as the dead of night, and although there was something about his aura she did not trust, he had been courteous enough, and that was hard to come by. They rode on through the vast trees in silence; all that could be heard was the heavy gallop of the horse's hooves on the wet ground, and the pounding of her heart as it slammed against her chest. Reagan drew in careful breaths and stared ahead, feeling the hotness of his breath tumble down the back of her neck, and she shivered. They were riding for no more than ten minutes when the forest began to clear and the grass turned into a steady road of flattened dirt. Reagan rose her head and saw the misty snakes of smoke slither their up into the frosty air. They were close enough. Gathering all the courage she could muster, she turned over her shoulder and spoke at last. \"Sir, if you'll let me down, I'll show you the rest of the way.\" He made a sound in his throat that sounded like a suppressed laugh. \"What an impertinence to a lady. We're nearly there, I'll escort you.\" \"No, sir.\" Reagan said quite forcefully, and set her hand down against his which held the reins. At this, the man at her back slowed the horse to a simple trot, and Reagan turned to look up at him, into his dark eyes that stared her down. \"You do me too much honour. Please, let me down. I'll alert them to your arrival.\" He regarded her silently. How strange for a lady to go running through such dangerous woods and yet be so skittish in the presence of a man who was, against all odds, determined to be quite the gentleman. Her nervousness delighted him, for he had always had such an effect on women, but nevertheless he slowed the horse to a gentle stop and dropped the reins. He rose his right hand out, palm up, as though offering her the way. \"As you wish.\" With piercing green eyes she gave him a fierce look and let herself down, her feet landing hard against the cold ground. She retrieved her longbow from where it sat against the saddle and when she looked up at him she had on her face an expression as hard as steel, as though she knew there was something mistrustful about him. She looked down towards the village and raised her arm to point. \"Ride into the square.\" And with that, she left his side and hurried ahead of him, carrying the longbow along beside her. Godfrey smiled and motioned his horse to follow her down into the village, his eyes set on her back until he came up over a hill and down into the village. The village was nestled in a dipped clearing of the forest, surrounded by trees; Godfrey observed large, handsome wooden houses with brick chimneys, finely built stables, and barns for livestock. Godfrey surveyed the area carefully; the people seemed no more then hunters, blacksmiths, and farmers. All around there were children running and laughing, people going about their business doing chores and working. As he entered the village, all eyes turned towards him and stared as though they too had never seen a man quite like him before. They were not impoverished folk, Godfrey concluded, for their surroundings seemed well kept and they themselves well fed and fairly clean. Perhaps the taxation officers had not collected from them yet. The hooves of his horse made heavy sounds as they were met with the cobblestoned square, and Godfrey noticed the road in which he as now trotting on. Looking up he saw the road stretched up over the hill and into a clearing. He couldn't help but smile; if this road led to the main road, surely his brigade would think to infiltrate the village before pressing on to Barnsdale; surely they wouldn't continue on without him. Godfrey's horse was beginning to slow as the road stopped and Godfrey turned his attention back towards the girl. She had led him directly towards one of the largest houses in the village, and he watched as she was literally pulled into an embrace by a jovial, heavy-set man, who had emerged from the house, and whom Godfrey assumed to be her father, judging how she returned his embrace with equal enthusiasm. Godfrey approached steadily. \"My dear, my dear,\" chimed the older gentleman with a deep voice, laughing as the girl separated from his embrace. \"You never cease to amaze me! Here I expected you back with the meat and pelt of a stag and here you've brought us a knave!\" The old man laughed, holding out his hands in Godfrey's direction, as though he were an old friend being welcomed back to their village. Godfrey moved his horse forward. \"Come, gentle good fellow! You are most welcome here!\" The old man was red-faced and red-headed, and had a booming laugh to meet his booming voice. He stepped forward to place a giant hand on the neck of Godfrey's horse and rose his big brown eyes up to Godfrey. \"I say, my son, have you been traveling these woods alone?\" Godfrey hesitated a moment, not sure whether he should reveal he was lost; such a statement seemed an indignant confession to his person. But they seemed to be simple enough people that the truth wouldn't compromise him in his somewhat fragile position. \"I have, good sir. I was separated from my riding party.\" Godfrey admitted graciously, politely as he could, and rose his eyes to the girl, who was presently washing her hands at a trough just behind the old man. \"Your...huntress was kind enough to guide me here.\" At mention, the young lady rose her eyes to meet Godfrey's gaze, with something like apprehension written across her face at having been mentioned, a look to which Godfrey only returned with a neutral gaze. The old man laughed, looking over his shoulder at the girl. \"Yes, yes. Reagan finds the most surprising of things, don't you my dear?\" Godfrey watched as the girl, Reagan, smiled reservedly at the old man and glimpsed up at Godfrey for only another moment, as though afraid to meet his gaze. Godfrey couldn't help but smile to himself a little. Reagan; the name suited her perfectly. \"Come, good sir.\" Boomed the old man, pulling Godfrey's attention away. \"Give us a name we may call you by.\" He was tempted to give a false name, but he assumed no danger would come to him by identifying himself properly amidst such simple forest folk. He smiled cautiously, looking again at Reagan, who's attention was turned down to her hands but he could tell by the way her head was slightly turned that she was listening for his name. \"Godfrey.\" He said at last, clearly, and observed the most subtle movement from Reagan after having heard his name. The old man nodded his head, making an approving sound in his throat. \"Godfrey, a good name, a strong name. I am Theodore, and this is my village.\" He held out his arms as if to showcase his village like it was a booming metropolis and he was its king. Nevertheless, Godfrey smiled politely. Twas always refreshing to see a man proud of his country. \"You are welcome to stay as long as you wish!\" Godfrey couldn't help but feel relieved. Although he wasn't entirely keen on the idea of spending too much time with these simple peasant folk, the idea of hot food, drink, and a bed to sleep in was far more welcoming then wandering idly through the woods. Besides, his brigade needed to come this way to head for Barnsdale, it was logical to just stay put and wait. So Godfrey nodded courteously to Theodore. \"You are too kind.\" Theodore beamed and reached for the bridal of Godfrey's horse. \"Tis not often we get visitors in these parts. Come, you are just in time to dine with us.\" Godfrey smiled, the sound of food was especially welcomed at that moment. \"I thank you.\" Dismounting his horse, Godfrey walked alongside his horse as Theodore led them towards the nearest stable, past Reagan who continued to wash at the trough, as the old man was booming about how his horse would receive the best of horse hospitality. Eyes were on him from all directions as they walked, but it seemed as though they were more mystified by him then suspicious. Theodore had shown obvious signs of approval, and that seemed to be enough for them as well. It made Godfrey laugh to himself; such simple forest folk, if only they knew who he really was and what he was really up to. / Like it? Hate it?[Chapter 2] A/N: Very, very special thanks to Amya, Anonymous, DraggonflyMaiden, and operaticbunny for your reviews! Enjoy the update, a Christmas gift from me to you. :P Daphne Chapter Two / Godfrey hissed as he eased himself down into the vat of bath water, the hotness biting his skin for a moment until his skin adjusted to the heat and he let out a deep, blissful sigh. He couldn't remember the last time he bathed; his skin was caked with dirt and the smell of sweat and he was only too glad to be able to wash it all away, including the thoughts and humiliation that came with being so stupidly separated from his riding party. True to Theodore's word, he had certainly been welcome. He had been shown the inn where he presumed he would stay, and Theodore ordered the innkeeper to run him a bath so he would be fresh and ready for dinner. He had then been handed over to the care and treatment of the innkeeper's pretty daughter, who had so carefully tested the water for him, so lovingly folded his clothes with a promise that they would be washed, and left the room in haste, but not before Godfrey spied the flush in the apples of her cheeks and the little smile on her kissable pink lips. Were she any other girl, and not the innkeeper's daughter, he would have most definitely invited her to join him in his bath. He basked in the hot water, letting its warmth sooth his aching muscles and the chill in his bones; he would have gladly accepted a cup of wine to quieten the thoughts in his head, but he knew there would be wine aplenty at dinner. The water worked its magic instantly, cleansing him of the dirt and grime that caked him, and before long he was feeling fresh and clean and ready to go. The innkeeper dressed him in loose clothing, very dark green in colour, very much the garb of peasants, and Godfrey fought not to wrinkle his nose at the sight of them. In London, all over England, people would see the inky black of his clothes and knew he was nobility. In these clothes, however light and flexible they may have been, he felt like nothing more than a common man, and it irked him deeply. But he tried not to let it show as he was led to the great hall in which the feast was already beginning. It came as no real surprise to Godfrey that the little village dined together in the great hall, a solidly built structure made with finely carved wood, adorned with blazing fireplaces, and piles of hot food and drink covering every table surface. Godfrey was seated with Theodore as the guest of honour, for which he was relieved; he wouldn't have to make simple talk with the simple people. He did notice, somewhat gleefully, that they were serving what looked and smelled to be deer meat, and decided that they were hunting the game reserved strictly for the King. Perhaps Godfrey would return with the Sheriff, after he had relocated himself and his party. \"Well now Godfrey,\" Theodore exclaimed in his booming, friendly voice, having had far too much wine already and was continuing to pour it down his throat by the goblet. \"Tell me, from where do you hail? Godfrey nibbled at an olive that had been sitting neglected on his plate. \"London, sir.\" \"Ah, a true city man. Are you a military man as well?\" Godfrey smirked to himself, wondering how they would all react if he revealed himself to be King John's chancellor, but taking up his goblet he only smiled. \"Of a sort, milord.\" That seemed to please Theodore enough, as he continued to drink his fill of wine. Godfrey surveyed the hall, blasting hot from the fireplaces, where all residents of the village, save for very small children, were having their fill of meat and wine, good stories and songs of days past. It made him frown a little; he had always preferred the calm, soothing sounds of a somewhat deserted castle back in London where he was able to collect his thoughts and make future plans. He would not have done well in such a small village, growing up with the same people his entire life. It wouldn't have suited him at all. At that moment, Godfrey was startled nearly out of his seat as Theodore's voice thundered down around them. \"Ah, Thomas my boy!\" Godfrey looked to see, to his surprise, that a young couple had approached the table. Godfrey's attention was instantly pulled to the young man, a very tall scrawny thing with red hair almost as red as Theodore's, with very delicate features and hard, judging eyes, judging eyes that were glaring down at him as though there was something about this man that he simply did not trust. Godfrey continued to hold the young man's glare as Theodore rose a goblet to them. \"Never has my village seen such a glowing couple!\" Turning to Godfrey, Theodore slapped a massive hand on his shoulder. \"Godfrey, allow me to introduce my son Thomas, he is the finest hunter in the village!\" Godfrey stood from his seat fluently, both to appear courteous when meeting Thomas, who continued to glare at him, as well to tower over the younger man and hopefully prove to be somewhat intimidating. Keeping his eyes hard on the young man's glare, Godfrey extended his hand but offered no words of greeting. The young man took his hand and shook graciously, but held his glare with Godfrey, something that the latter man regarded quite like unrequited detest. \"And of course,\" Theodore continued, promptly ignoring or oblivious to the discomfort between the two men. \"You've met Reagan, my son's wife-to-be.\" At the sound of her name, Godfrey's attention was suddenly drawn to the woman at Thomas's side, and he was shocked to see that indeed, it was her. But this was seemingly not the same young lady he had encountered in the woods, not the same woman who had shown such obvious mistrust of him. Her white face was washed clean, her green eyes illuminated in the firelight like rarest gems, and her strawberry blonde hair hung down loosely over her shoulders. She wore a light tea gown, deep green just as the tunic he wore. She had transformed. Reagan offered Godfrey a small, sheepish smile and extended her hand so that he might take it. Godfrey made no hesitation in taking her hand, and never breaking from the stare of her green eyes, he lifted her hand to his lips. \"It's a pleasure,\" he murmured, and swept his lips over her knuckles, kissing them like a gentleman, and he could feel the slightest tremble of her hand. \"And you, sir Godfrey.\" Interrupted Thomas, speaking at last, with a rather unattractive, monotone voice, bringing Godfrey's attention away from Reagan so that he released the young woman's hand. \"It's a miracle you made it through these woods alone.\" Godfrey smiled gently and stole a glance at Reagan. \"So I've been told.\" For a moment it seemed Reagan would almost return his smile, but Thomas seemed adamant to keep up the conversation. \"Were you a crusader?\" \"Come now, Thomas!\" The boom of Theodore's voice startled them. \"Let's not interrogate the man, no doubt he's been through enough today to have to listen to your questions!\" Godfrey smiled down at Theodore, grateful for the first time that he'd interrupted. But Thomas clearly had other things on his mind. Obviously mindful of his father's words, he offered Godfrey a very uninspired smile. \"I would be honoured, good sir, if you would stay in my house tonight as my guest.\" A red flag set off in Godfrey's head. He surely did not want to stay in this man's house and have to listen to the man's feeble, meddling conversations. So he graciously tipped his head like a true gentleman. \"It is I who am honoured, but I fear it would be too much an imposition. Besides, I've already acquired lodging at the inn.\" Thomas laughed an indignant, unattractive laugh. \"Nonsense, I insist. Like father said, tis rare for us to receive guests. Reagan shall see to your every need, you have but to ask.\" Godfrey rather liked the sound of that. He turned to look at Reagan, who quickly changed a shocked expression directed towards her future husband into a tight, uncomfortable smile towards Godfrey, as though she both loved and hated the idea. Godfrey thought, wouldn't it be a delight to make this woman squirm in his presence? Take all the liberties of a house guest and be graced with her trembling, shocked presence at all hours of the day? He almost laughed right out loud, thoroughly enjoying the idea, but instead he just smiled grandly. \"You're very kind, and I thank you.\" Once the pleasantries had passed, and Thomas had masked his obvious dislike of the man with a delighted expression at the news that Godfrey would stay, they were permitted to sit and finish their meals. Godfrey could not deny that everything had been cooked to perfection, especially the deer meet, which was difficult to come by now that all deer were restricted to the hunting of King John. He had his fill of food and wine until he was full and comfortable, and the evening continued on as fruits and sweet wine was laid out for dessert, and the village people resumed their storytelling, dancing, and singing. At one moment Godfrey spotted Reagan drifting about the room going table to table with a pitcher of wine, filling the goblets of whomever would hold theirs up for refill, Theodore being the most popular one of the bunch. Godfrey couldn't understand it. It was difficult to grasp that this was the same woman who had cornered him in the forest. In London, the upperclass women were dressed to perfection, to be seen rather than heard, whereas the peasant women were dirty and seemed older, despite their age. Strange to him that this girl was such a skilled huntress, who dressed and moved and spoke forcefully like a man in the forest, but transformed into a lovely hospitable lady in the evening. \"I don't suppose our little village is terribly pleasing to a Londoner,\" Thomas droned on, somewhat miserably, as he cut an apple with a switchblade at Godfrey's right side, his feet propped right up on the table. \"We are but simple folk, with our hunting and our craftsmanship.\" Godfrey could not help but feel he was being baited, and oh how he wanted to oblige; nothing would have brought him more delight then to inform Thomas of the taxations they would be met with, or who would pay the ultimate price for the deer they had hunted for dinner. But instead Godfrey decided to bide his time, relishing in the man's obliviousness. He reached for his wine goblet. \"London is dirty and crowded this time of year, it's good to get out in the fresh air.\" \"Hmm,\" Thomas made a noise of interest in his throat, but his demeanor remained unchanged. \"Will you stay here long?\" Godfrey met the man's eyes with a glare and shook his head. \"I'll await my party and I'll continue on.\" \"That's unfortunate,\" Thomas mumbled, and reached for his wine. \"A guest who would stay with us awhile in the house would give Reagan some much-needed housekeeping practice.\" Godfrey pulled his attention away to scan the room for Reagan, but it seemed she had escaped the room into the darkness. He reached for a grape idly, as though he had been deliberately about which one to pick. \"Your fiancee is a skilled huntress, forgive my informality.\" Thomas's expression seemed unchanged. \"A skilled huntress she is indeed, but you can hardly raise children with a longbow.\" Godfrey frowned, not overly surprised to hear a man speak of his future wife in such a way, but because they were both hunters he had expected they would both indulge such a skill set on their children. He found that he was increasingly disliking Thomas. \"Have you had a long engagement?\" Thomas shrugged. \"Nay, a year if it's a day.\" That seemed to be the last Thomas would say on the matter, so Godfrey drank from his goblet and watched the fire, wondering just how long he was going to have to stay in this village, in the house of this ridiculous man, before he would surrender to the cold, terrible dangers of the surrounding woods. / It was late when the dinner party dissipated and Thomas escorted Godfrey to the house. Godfrey, stumbling in the darkness, was properly taken aback by the fine craftsmanship of the house, the staircase that met them when they first came in through the doors, and the stone fireplace that lay against the far wall. The entire house had a somewhat familiar and very homey feel to it. Reagan was waiting for them in the main hall at the base of the staircase, holding a lit candelabra in her hand. Her expression was unreadable as they approached her. \"I'll say goodnight to you now,\" said Thomas dismissively to Godfrey. \"Reagan will show you to your room.\" Godfrey looked to Reagan, who smiled politely, and then nodded to Thomas. \"Thank you for your hospitality.\" Thomas nodded. \"Goodnight.\" Godfrey watched the man ascend the staircase, yawning loudly as he went, and Godfrey was not sad to see him go. The entire evening spent in that man's company had been more than Godfrey had bargained for. But he supposed for such hospitality he would have to put up with at least some sort of discomfort. Thomas having disappeared into the upper level of the house, Godfrey turned his attentions to Reagan, who gestured for him to follow him. \"This way.\" They began down a hallway to the right of the main hall and Godfrey watched the light bounce off the wood around them and alight Reagan's hair as though it were spun gold. She walked him down to the end of the hallway, where she pushed open a door and disappeared inside. Godfrey followed promptly, surprised to find a good sized room was awaiting him, with a good bed, a window, a bedpan , and water and basin on the dressing table. Reagan set down the candelabra on the bedside table and allowed Godfrey to take in his surroundings. Godfrey mused to himself. \"Lavish quarters.\" He murmured, wanting to say it sarcastically but delighted when he turned to Reagan and saw her standing nervously in his presence. \"Are you quite sure I'm not imposing?\" Fidgeting just slightly, Reagan swallowed tightly and shook her head. \"Thomas wouldn't have it any other way. There are fresh bed clothes for you, and water and basin.\" Godfrey surveyed these objects with mild interest as though he hadn't seen them when he first came in, and turning back to Reagan he nearly broke into a giant smile as he found she was creeping towards the door, as though anxious to leave. She cleared her throat somewhat awkwardly and looked at him very seriously. \"Do you require anything? Anything at all?\" Godfrey nearly laughed aloud but refrained just in time. If only she knew what response her words had encouraged in him, but instead he only smiled politely. \"Yes, actually. I have a proposition.\" Her eyes widened in appropriate alarm and she looked over her shoulder into the hallway, as though afraid Thomas was listening in on them. Nervously she turned her gaze back to Godfrey, who was smiling somewhat wickedly at her. \"What might that be?\" He took a step towards her, slowly and calculating, and reveled as she regarded him anxiously. Godfrey held his smile as he looked down into her wide, questioning eyes. \"Come riding with me tomorrow at dawn. Show me these woods you so delight in.\" Reagan sucked in a perfectly alarmed breath, and once again she looked over her shoulder into the darkness of the hallway. Turning back towards Godfrey, who stared as he waited for his answer, she swallowed tightly and crossed her arms over her chest. \"I...don't think my lord would approve, sir.\" This time Godfrey did laugh. He was positively certain Thomas wouldn't approve, that was the whole point in the proposition. \"Nonsense, a lady of the house would give a tour of the manor, so why not a tour of the grounds?\" Reagan blinked up at him as though he had trapped her; obviously she liked the idea of going riding in the morning, and perhaps she even liked the idea of going riding alone with him , but she knew that Thomas would never approve. Although, he would approve of her learning to be a hospitable housewife and housekeeper. Nevertheless, she remained silent and her eyes darted all about the room but would not rest on him. He had caught her completely off guard. Delighting in her discomfort, he offered her a notable reason for his proposal. \"It may be days until my party passes through this way, I need to exercise my mind until then.\" It was partially true; Godfrey never was one to sit around and read on cloudy days. He was a man of conviction and needed to exercise his mind at many hours of the day to keep from going positively mad. He knew that riding in the woods with her would not only upset her fiancee, but he would have the chance to practice recognition of the forest and make plans for when he would return later with the Sheriff. Finally, after a lengthy hesitation, Reagan turned towards him and nodded. \"All right...until dawn then.\" Godfrey smiled genuinely and bowed his head to her. \"Until dawn.\" Her green eyes were still in his vision and in his head long after she had left his room and shut the door behind him. Godfrey washed and retired, falling asleep with a nasty little smile on his face. / A/N: A little short, but I hope you liked it nonetheless! Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays, everyone![Chapter 3] A/N: Very special thanks to Leila, DraggonflyMaiden, Amya, and angelofcandy for your reviews! Enjoy the chapter! Daphne Chapter Three / The moon had reached the highest point in the sky, pouring white silken light in through the window, just touching Reagan's fingers as she rested them on the quilts. Normally this time of night, Reagan would have been sound asleep, and the moonlight would have been a great source of comfort to her, enough to soothe her back to sleep if she woke from unpleasant dreams. But not tonight. Reagan was wide awake, and the moon was her tormentor. In the room down the hall she could hear Thomas snoring loudly, having had too much wine at dinner, and she shivered just slightly to know that on the ground floor, just below her really, that man was probably sleeping quite soundly, completely unaware of the discomfort he had caused her. She had spent the last three hours desperately trying to go to sleep; she twisted and turned, laid quietly to reflect how warm she was under the quilts and how pleasant the cool air felt on her face, but her fingers fidgeted and her legs twitched and her head was full of all sorts of meaningless thoughts. She was getting more and more annoyed, but she knew perfectly well the cause of her insomnia. She had agreed to go riding - with him . As much as she knew it was a bad idea, she also knew that as soon as she saw the sun rise in the sky, she would leap to dress herself and go down to the stables. Reagan was never one to pass up riding in the woods, especially at dawn when you could hear all the voices of the forest awakening for the day, but the thought of riding with Godfrey made her heart flutter and her stomach sink. Thomas would find out, surely, when he woke late in the morning to find both his wife-to-be and his houseguest gone from plain sight. But Godfrey had provided a good enough argument, and she was certainly going to put it to good use in the morning, when they would arrive home from their ride in the woods for breakfast. Reagan repressed a smile and turned her face into the pillow. She couldn't deny it; she was looking forward to it. / Godfrey awoke an hour before dawn; his internal clock never failed him, and well rested from a pleasant sleep free of bad dreams, he rose from the bed to stretch his arms and look out the window, smiling as the thinnest of light began to glow across the sky. He washed and dressed hastily with the water Reagan had left him and the clothes that had been provided for him, and carefully, as not to arouse the house, he crept through the downstairs hallway, just as the palest morning light was beginning to seep into the darkness, and without a sound he opened the front door and left the house. Making his way across the lawn towards the stables, he was surprised to find that the entirety of the little village was apparently still in bed. He figured, for such simple forest folk, that they would have been awake at dawn, just as he was, and preparing for the day's chores. But he supposed long hours of sleep were needed after the incredible meal they had all had for dinner the night before. Godfrey smiled, as he neared the stable, to find that it was lit. She had held to their agreement after all; for awhile, after Reagan had left him in his room the previous evening, he was positive that she wouldn't ride with him after all, that perhaps the threat of her husband finding out was just a little too real for her. He had suspected her reluctance before she had even voiced it, but he could also tell from the look in her eyes that she would enjoy nothing more than a ride at dawn. Approaching the stable door, Godfrey pushed it open with the flat of his palm and was met with the early morning nellies of sleepy horses. He smiled widely as he recognized the silken smooth black face of his own horse, Agamemnon, staring at him from behind the confines of a box. He approached the horse and lovingly stroked his nose. It was then he noticed the saddle had been fastened on Agamemnon. \"He's very beautiful,\" came a voice behind him, soft and smooth, and Godfrey smiled just a little, to himself and quite wickedly, before he turned around. Reagan stood there before him, dressed very much like she had been dressed the previous day, when they had encountered each other in the forest. Her strawberry-blonde hair was pulled back once again, not in a braid, but a long ponytail, and her riding clothes seemed more fit for a stable boy, but Godfrey could not deny her face was just as pixie-like and her eyes were just as green. She nodded her head to him in proper greeting. \"Good morning.\" He returned the gesture gracefully. \"Good morning.\" Godfrey observed how she swallowed tightly and motioned to Agamemnon. \"I took the liberty of saddling your horse for you, I hope I was not presumptuous.\" He gave Agamemnon's nose another stroke, and shook his head with a very small smile. \"Not at all, but he's usually very grumpy in the morning. I'm surprised you were able to saddle him.\" Reagan smiled nervously and shrugged. \"Perhaps he prefers a woman's touch, pardon my saying.\" Godfrey nearly laughed aloud. He couldn't tell if she was trying to be flirtatious or if she had any idea really the innuendo behind her words. Either way, he knew he couldn't let it alone. \"Not at all, I think given the opportunity I too would far prefer a woman's touch.\" It must have been the way he said it, because the colour flushed into her face in an instant, and she turned away from him so he would not see, which made him want to laugh. She pretended to be busy by seeing to her own horse, a lovely champagne pearl stallion, who was far more even-tempered then Agamemnon on a good day. She gathered the reins, and turning to Godfrey, she motioned to the open doors so they might lead their horses out. \"Shall we?\" Godfrey nodded, gathering Agamemnon's reins. \"After you.\" Reagan walked her horse out of the barn and Godfrey was surprised at how comfortable she seemed with the beast. He had known ladies of the court who were frightened to death of horses, and even some who liked to ride were not overly comfortable with them. Reagan led the champagne stallion forward, speaking lowly to him, as though this horse were a secret lover who doted on her every move, for he trotted beside her as if they were lovers, and going for an early morning ride was the most common thing in the world. Godfrey couldn't help but chuckle to himself lowly. This place was full of surprises. He led Agamemnon out of the barn, just as Reagan mounted her horse, and turning him around she looked down at Godfrey with an expectant look. \"Which way do you care to ride, Sir Godfrey? There are denser trees in the West, and water in the East.\" Godfrey didn't care in the least which direction they rode, but he looked around for a slow moment as though to convince her he was dwelling on the matter intensely. He mounted Agamemnon and turned towards her, and as she was giving him an expectant look. \"The sun rises in the East.\" A delicate little smile splayed across her pink lips, as though he had read her mind entirely, and gathering the reins in her hands she nodded. \"We ride East, then.\" Godfrey held out his hand, ushering her to lead the way, and she did so, still smiling. They walked slowly away from the barn and out of the village. Godfrey turned at one point to look back and saw that finally the people were starting to emerge from their houses, stretching their arms, yawning, and preparing for the day. He couldn't help but think how amusing it would be for Thomas to wake up and find that both his wife-to-be and his houseguest had both mysteriously disappeared. Suddenly, he was quite disappointed he wouldn't be able to see his reaction. The road turned to dirt going into the forest, and Reagan quickened her horse into a trot, and so Godfrey motioned for Agamemnon to follow suit. Godfrey was sure to stay behind her so she may lead the way, but as the trees began to crowd about them and the cold morning air began to rush at his face, Godfrey motioned Agamemnon to follower closer to her until they were almost side by side. Godfrey watched Reagan, amazed at her ability to handle the horse and maneuver him about the woods, but he imagined that perhaps she had lived with the beast for a long time, perhaps they were used to each other by now. He noticed, within a few moments, how she quickened her horse into a fast-paced canter as the trees began to thicken and the mist began to get heavier, and Godfrey moved Agamemnon fast behind, following her narrowly through the woods. They rode for quite some time, Godfrey believed, until the trees began to span out and they were met with lush green grass and soft breaks of sunshine through the crowding of the trees. Godfrey knew they must have been close to a clearing. Finally Reagan slowed her horse to walk, and Godfrey followed suit, moving to follow close beside her as the trees became further between. Looking to Reagan, he observed how her cheeks were pink from the cool air but her eyes were completely dilated with the thrill of being in the outdoors. It was rather endearing. \"He's magnificent, your steed.\" Godfrey offered as means of conversation, and Reagan returned the comment with a soft smile. \"He knows these woods well.\" \"As well he should, since we've been riding together for six years,\" Reagan replied simply, leaning over to stroke her horse's neck. \"He was a gift from Thomas's father, a foal from one of the villages' prize mares.\" Godfrey couldn't have cared less where the beast came from or who gave him to her, but he was surprised at her obvious affection and attachment towards the animal. Until now, he had only ever seen ladies fawn over small dogs, at most, as if they were children to be dressed and coddled and carried around. A bit sickening, really; it was a pleasant change to see a woman connected with a much more formidable animal. They continued to walk along, and Godfrey noticed how the mist began to gradually lift around them, and how the trees were lessening more and more. He rose his head and caught a sight which was undeniably blue sky. \"If you'll forgive my inquiry, your lord's father seems quite devoted to you.\" Godfrey said quite frankly and out of nowhere, but truthfully it had been something he had been wondering since his first arrival. When she looked at him in question, he quickly justified his answer suavely and smoothly. \"As to give such a magnificent animal as a gift.\" Reagan smiled nervously and looked away from him, turning her attentions ahead of her. \"Yes, I suppose he is...devoted to me, as you say. He is the only father I've ever known.\" Ah , Godfrey thought to himself, suppressing a somewhat knowing smile; he concluded that if the father of her husband to be was, as she said, the only father she ever knew, it became clear to him that she was very likely an orphan, probably without a mother, which explained her preference to riding and hunting, and her slight aversion to keeping house. Despite having revealed this little telltale knowledge, he was determined to prove himself a gentleman. \"Forgive me, it was not my place to pry.\" Again Reagan looked at him curiously, as though she had perfectly expected him to pry and had not been expecting an apology. \"You need not beg forgiveness, Sir Godfrey, it's the truth, after all. Theodore practically raised me since I was a small child.\" Godfrey couldn't help but smile very deviously to himself. He reveled in the fact that he could encourage this otherwise very reserved young woman to open up about her upbringing. He looked to her, feigning sympathetic curiosity. \"Oh?\" She looked to him with a strong look in her eyes. \"I was born and raised in my village...but my father was killed in the crusades when I was only a baby...and my mother did not outlive him long. When I became an orphan, Theodore took me in as his own.\" With these pieces of history placed before him, it took only Godfrey a moment to conclude the rest of the story. Seemingly Theodore himself was without a wife, and Thomas without a mother himself, and so she had grown up in a household of men where hunting and riding and archery were the normal activities of a youth in their village. It was more than obvious that since Reagan and Thomas had grown up together, that of course they would be best suited to each other for marriage. But Godfrey felt it unwise to voice as much. They walked only a minute more before coming across a grand clearing. The trees stopped short of a steep hill, the perfect place in which to watch the sun stretch out over the sky, and at the foot of the hill was a calm, serene river. Godfrey surveyed the area for a moment, his eyes focusing on the horizon, hoping his sharp eyes would catch sight of a town, or a larger village, something that would help steer him in the direction to larger civilization. But alas, all he could see was a sweeping field of lush green grass that carried on into more deep, dense forest. Reagan made a small noise in her throat and turned towards Godfrey, although he was not looking at her. \"The horses will be thirsty.\" She said simply, and motioned her horse down the hill. Godfrey followed suit, feeling slightly defeated at the lost prospect of finding civilization. But the sun was warm on his face, and that was reward enough for suffering the harsh morning cold that had settled in the trees. He moved Agamemnon down the hill to follow Reagan, who had already dismounted and led her horse to the water, where he bent low to drink. She leaned against him, patting his neck while rubbing her face with her free hand. Godfrey approached slowly, looking down at the young woman for a moment and marveling, once again, how she seemed to shape shift with each coming day. The previous evening she had been a lovely lady, caring and hospitable to a roaring crowd of hungry villagers. But then, overnight as it seemed, she appeared to change once again into the very huntress Godfrey had mistaken to be a young man only a day previously. She was truly curious, and for a few moments his gaze couldn't be parted from the colour of her hair as it caught in the rising sunlight. Reagan turned around and looked up at him as he remained seated on Agamemnon, and for a split second he saw that flash of fear in her big green eyes; a sliver of alarm flitted across the features of her pixie face, and when she turned away to hide the flush of her cheeks, Godfrey simply smiled and shook his head in wonder. Did he frighten her? Or perhaps he held the same kind of mystification that she held for him. He dismounted his horse gracefully and led Agamemnon to the water, while he rubbed his hands together and surveyed his surroundings once more. Nothing but grass and forests, never-ending forests. If he hadn't been quite so anxious to get away and rejoin his brigade, he might have fancied hunting in the forests himself. His attention was drawn to a rustling noise and he looked over his shoulder to see Reagan remove something from the saddlebag. It appeared to be a small pouch. She swallowed and met his eyes without smiling. \"There are some rare mushrooms on this bank, just beyond these trees.\" She said, and motioned to the forest that sat directly behind her. \"I think I'll gather some for breakfast, if you...don't mind to wait a moment.\" Godfrey simply bowed his head and smiled, as polite as could be. \"Not at all.\" He watched her move away in the direction of the trees before moving towards the river to dip his hands in the icy water. / Once Godfrey and the horses were out of sight, Reagan sighed heavily and collapsed against a nearby tree. Her heart had decided to thunder against her chest, completely of its own accord; Reagan knew that it was because she was indulging in an early morning activity that Thomas would certainly disapprove of, since he probably expected her to prepare breakfast at sunrise. But the very idea that she was riding with him, with Godfrey ... She had always lived a very simply life, and she knew that. She knew from the moment she was orphaned and left to the care of Theodore that she would inevitably become the most plausible match for Thomas, as they were both relatively of the same age and got along fairly well. No one would protest to such a union. And although she had been grateful of Theodore's adoption of her completely without question, and of Thomas's unfailing loyalty towards her...growing up knowing who you were going to spend the rest of your life with was, at times, very disheartening. Many times there had been dreams of a knight in shining armor, making his gallant way up the road in need of new armor or perhaps a new horse that would serve him well as he battled against England's enemies in violent battles, showing nothing but the most thoughtless bravery. Many times, in Reagan's dreams, this knight in shining armor would sweep her off her feet and carry her off into the sunset, introducing her to a new way of life full of wonder and mystery. But Reagan had never imagined she would react quite like this. There was no use in denying it; although he certainly wasn't her perfect image of the knight in shining armor, there was something about him that made her limbs quiver. Reagan sighed heavily. She was engaged. She had been engaged to Thomas practically since their infantry. There was no questioning the union...no question at all. And yet...Reagan had never felt anything like what she felt when she looked upon Godfrey, when his eyes met hers, when he smiled those little smiles. She didn't know what it was, or how he was doing it. All she knew was that it had to stop. / Reagan returned to the clearing with the mushrooms, where Godfrey was tending to the horses. She didn't look him in the eye as she approached, stuffed the mushrooms into her saddlebag, and mounted her horse quickly. \"We should really make our way back now, Sir Godfrey.\" She said, finally looking down at him, her heart aflutter as she met his dark gaze. \"Theodore and Thomas will be awaiting us for breakfast.\" He smiled up at her, although the thought of breakfast was heavenly, but she interpreted the smile to mean something quite different. It seemed almost...sly. Nevertheless, without a moment to lose, he turned and mounted his horse easily, gathered the reins in his hands, and once again gave her that little smile that was a little bit dashing and a little bit mean all at once. \"Well...\" he mused in his deep, lustrous voice, and returned her gaze. \"Shall we?\" / A/N: I'm so sorry about the wait. Coursework blows. :( But I hope you liked it.[Chapter 4] A/N: Very special thanks to DraggonflyMaiden and Random person. Enjoy the new chapter! Daphne Chapter Four / The village was abustle with activity when they returned; villagers were out and about, tending to their livestock, chopping wood, and other such activities. After returning the horses to the stables, Godfrey followed Reagan into the house, which was suddenly filled with early morning sunbeams and smelled heavily of fragrant wood and hot spices. Reagan went towards the staircase, presumably to go upstairs to dress, but before doing so she turned around to face him. \"Down the hall you'll find breakfast in the kitchen. I'll be down shortly.\" Godfrey nodded low, smiling a little, and watched as Reagan ascended the stairs and disappeared down one of the upstairs corridors. Turning towards where she had motioned, Godfrey made his slow way down the hallway. The house seemed quiet until Godfrey approached the kitchen, and Theodore's thunderous voice rolled from the walls and echoed down the hall, causing Godfrey to smile and wince at the same time. He approached the kitchen and could smell bread and cheese and fruit wine. He was grateful; despite the breakfast company, he was rather famished, especially after the ride through the woods. As soon as he stepped through the doorway into the kitchen, he caught sight of both Theodore and Thomas sitting down at the table where the breakfast feast was spread. Godfrey was immediately greeted warmly by a jolly Theodore, who beamed as soon as their house guest walked in. \"Good morning, Sir Godfrey!\" \"Good morning gentlemen.\" Godfrey greeted, nodding to Thomas who was seated at the table, picking at a piece of bread and looking rather unhappy. Thomas returned his greeting with a very half-hearted smile, but said nothing. \"And how did you sleep, Sir Godfrey?\" Theodore boomed, beckoning Godfrey to sit down at the table. \"I do hope being away from London and the fresh country air has not caused you much restlessness?\" Godfrey sat down tentatively, observing how Thomas would not look at him. \"Not at all, Theodore. Your accommodation gave me such ease as to sleep like the dead.\" Theodore laughed joyously. \"Well now, that is a compliment to the house, if I do say so myself! Eat, Sir Godfrey, please. You must be starved.\" Godfrey nodded in acceptance and helped himself to the loaf of bread that he had been eyeing since he sat down at the table. But before he could take a bite, Thomas spoke at last. \"You were gone rather early this morning, Sir Godfrey.\" Thomas muttered in a low, unimpressed voice, and rose his eyes to look at Godfrey pointedly. Godfrey smiled only slightly. \"Your lady of the house was kind enough to give me a tour of the grounds.\" \"Yes, and where is dear Reagan?\" Theodore asked before Thomas could say anything. \"She went upstairs to wash, I presume.\" Godfrey informed them politely. \"She's brought in mushrooms from the valley.\" \"Ah, splendid!\" Theodore roared. \"Mushrooms for good cheese and wine!\" At that, from behind him, Godfrey heard footsteps down the hallway, and turned his head only slightly as Reagan came in slowly. \"Good morning,\" came her voice from over his shoulder. \"There she is, my dear.\" Theodore said, and rose his arms as though inviting Reagan to embrace him. Reagan rounded the table swiftly to plant a kiss on Theodore's rosy cheek while he embraced her loosely, and Godfrey noticed that she was dressed in another tea gown, this one gray in colour, quite simple but very lovely. She then sat down at the table next to Thomas and kissed his cheek affectionately, even though Thomas did nothing in return. \"And where did you go galavanting with our guest this morning, my dear?\" Theodore asked as he took the saddlebag Reagan must have handed to him, and sat himself down at the head of the table. Godfrey looked to Reagan, who seemed to be doing her best not to look at him. With one hand she swiped loose hair away from her eyes while taking a piece of bread with the other. She didn't look at her father-in-law when she spoke. \"We went riding towards the valley by Saint's Creek.\" \"Ah, lovely this time of morning, is it not Sir Godfrey?\" Theodore asked, and Godfrey's attention was pulled to the older man, who turned the saddlebag so mushrooms would spill from its mouth onto a plate on the table. Godfrey chewed idly on the bread he had taken, already feeling a little annoyed; he was not used to being interrogated at breakfast, much less by a man who's station was so much lower than his own. In London, he woke whenever it pleased him, sometimes early, sometimes late, sometimes alone, and sometimes with a naked woman beside him. And when he had his breakfast, it was alone to assure that dining was a quick affair. Nevertheless, he had no intention of ruining his gentlemanly facade this early into his \"hiatus\" from knighthood and resolved to engage in the morning's discussions. \"Very lovely indeed,\" Godfrey remarked pointedly. \"With these hills and trees, you live a very rich life, far more lush than the grey solemnness of London.\" Across from him, he caught Reagan's eye, as well as the little smile on her lips as she chewed away at a piece of cheese. Having met his eye, she turned her gaze down to the table, while Thomas, at her side, continued to glower at Godfrey as though he saw right through his lies and longed for a chance to reveal him. The rest of breakfast was without interrogation, as Theodore boomed on and on about the happenings in the village that morning to Thomas and Reagan, who seemed to be listening only half-heartedly. It made Godfrey wonder, as he finished his breakfast, what was to occupy his time here in this village while he waited for his troop to make their way through the forest? There was no way he would be spending his days in the house, in the company of Theodore and Thomas, and yet following Reagan around, as much as he would have enjoyed the girl's reaction to such a thing, would only rouse suspicion in his behavior. Although, a thought did occur to him, that perhaps his brigade might ride through the forest and not have an inkling whatsoever about this village's existence. He trusted his men to have searching every known village, but stranger things had happened. Someone up road had to be notified. \"Theodore,\" Godfrey asked in a low, inquisitive tone, drawing the older man's attention. \"Might I trouble you for ink and parchment?\" Theodore pat his rotund gut as he chewed and swallowed the last of his bread. \"I'm afraid we have none at present, Sir Godfrey, as letter writing has not found its way to our house.\" Suffice it to say, none of them could read or write. \"However,\" Theodore continued, as he raised his cup of sweet wine. \"I do believe the potion-maker will have just what you need, Sir Godfrey. She writes for London weekly, if I recall.\" That was of some relief to him; for a brief moment he was petrified that no one in the town would have ink and parchment and that they were all illiterate woodsmen. Godfrey couldn't help but smile. \"I believe I'll pay her a visit now, if I may.\" \"Of course, of course,\" Theodore said after swallowing a gulp of sweet wine. \"You'll find her shop at the end of the road, in amongst the market.\" \"Perhaps one of us should show Sir Godfrey the way?\" Droned Thomas unhappily, and Godfrey rose his eyes to meet the young man's, who was still glowering with resentment. Godfrey tilted his head in a quiet thanks. \"The direction as well as company would be most welcome, but I should not like to keep you from your daily activities. I'll be fine to find the potions woman myself.\" After a moment, Thomas gave Godfrey a tight, thankless smile, as though a method to his madness had been breached in proposing to show him the way into town. At his side, Reagan was regarding Godfrey somewhat curiously, as though wondering what on earth a man like him would possibly want ink and parchment for. After finishing the last of his food and wine, Godfrey stood and bid the household a good morning and set out for town, but not before Theodore urged that he would return in the afternoon before it began to darken, to which Godfrey assured his host he would. Before leaving the kitchen, his eyes met with Reagan's and he smiled politely while she only continued to stare after him as though he were a complete mystery she were aching to solve. / He made his slow way through the town, taking his time to examine everything he could, both to eat up the time and to allow his mind to wander aimlessly. There were so many things about the village that surprised him; for starters, there were so many children running around, chasing chickens and dogs and each other, screeching and screaming and laughing and giggling, as they played games in the streets or in the yards of their parents' house. He had never seen so many children before; the castle in London was not exactly full of them, unless you counted King John's new mistress, who hardly seemed out of girlhood. He didn't care much for children, as they were too loud and always in the way and always a constant commitment. He would have taken a horse over a son any day: a commitment to keep a good horse, yes, but a horse was a fair companion who didn't ask questions. No contest, at least in his mind. Another thing that surprised him was the material goods that the villagers seemed to create from nothing. As he made his way slowly into the hustle and bustle of the village's small marketplace, he was astounded to find merchants with finely woven rugs, perfectly whittled wooden flutes, wooden beads and animal claws made into jewelry, scarves out of wolf fur, and the like. The merchants, old women and young men, all looked to him with a kind of admiration in their eyes, as though they were blessed to show a knight from London the fruits of their labour. While he spoke to no one, every one he passed gave him the same look of awe, and a smile as he continued on. It made Godfrey suspicious. Finally he came to the potion shop, a small wooden hut at the end of the road, and knocking gingerly on the open door, he stepped into the shop and was suddenly overwhelmed by the many different scents and spices that assaulted his nostrils. Although he would not have recognized half the smells he was met with in that shop, he liked the perfume immensely, and wondered if the same herbs used to make the potions were in the surrounding forest, so he might take some back with him to London, when the time came. An old crone hunched over the counter, grinding something weakly in a mortar and pestle. Behind her, Godfrey could see a pot of something brewing on a flaring fireplace. His curiosity peaked, Godfrey took a step closer, his feet heavy on the wooden floor, abruptly disturbing the old crone from her work. When she peered up, he could only see the milky blue of her eyes, and the facial features that seemed so very tiny to him, lined with significant age. A hood covered her head; Godfrey wouldn't have been surprised if she were bald, or balding. \"Morning there, stranger.\" The old crone greeted him, making Godfrey grimace. She had a voice like a dying crow. \"Wha might I do yeh for, stranger?\" Godfrey stepped closer to the counter, and held the crone's gaze while he desperately wanted to look away. \"I'm in need of ink and parchment; I was told you could sell me some.\" The crone laughed like some sort of wicked witch out of a fairy tale, and then she pointed a bony finger up towards him. \"The best ink this side a'Nottingham, I assure yeh.\" And then, with speed he never would have guessed an old crone of possessing, she hopped up off her stool and made her creaky way into a door on the other side of the counter, presumably to fetch the items he needed. Godfrey waited patiently, taking a few coins from his wallet and holding them in his hand until the crone returned with a small bundle wrapped in paper and tied with twine. \"Here ye are, stranger,\" she cackled. \"Finest ink in Nottingham. Might I say, stranger, ye may want te use horsetail on yer face there.\" With a bony finger, she traced along the side of her lip, where Godfrey's scar marred his face, and instantly he felt his nose curl. \"It'll take away the redness.\" Regarding her hatefully, Godfrey paid the amount due, took the items, and left the shop without bidding the crone farewell. Quickly, and hoping he didn't have to come into contact with any more of the village's questionable characters, he returned the way he came up towards Theodore's house. He told himself that as soon as he came back to this village to ravage it of its goods for taxes, that crone in the potion shop would be the first. No one disrespected the chancellor of King John. As he neared Theodore's house, before reaching the door, a series of sounds stopped him in his place. It sounded like two people...quarreling. As Godfrey stopped himself a moment to listen, he recognized the one whiny, pathetic voice to be Thomas's, and the other, which was strong yet feminine most undoubtedly belonged to Reagan. But the sounds were not coming from within the house; they were coming from behind. Cautiously, Godfrey tucked his ink and parchment package under one arm and carefully made his way around the corner of the house, listening as the arguing became stronger. He stayed close to the wall, keeping an ear open to the air, wondering what on earth they could be fighting about. \"For goodness sake , Thomas,\" That was Reagan, sounding exasperated and tired. \"We went out to Saint's Creek and back, we went no further.\" Godfrey couldn't help but completely delight in what he was hearing. Were the two happy lovers quarreling because he, Sir Godfrey, had had the gall to ride with the lady of the house so early in the morning, and without the accompany of her husband to be? Smiling a little to himself, he continued to listen, anxious to hear every word. \"How do you suppose that represents the house, hmm?\" Thomas asked in response, sounding calm but relatively annoyed. \"Is it proper for the lady of the house to go galavanting into the woods with a house guest so early in the morning?\" \"He asked if I would show him the surrounding woods, and I obliged, like a good housekeeper would! What's the harm in that?\" Reagan countered; Godfrey could tell by the sound of her voice that she was becoming increasingly impatient with him. \"Suppose for one moment, Reagan, that he isn't who he says he is. Who's to know if he's really a knight from London? He could be some bandit from the country! For all I know, he kidnapped you this morning, against your will, intending to take you far off into the woods, and we would be nary the wiser!\" Godfrey felt a smile stretch across his face. While that hadn't been his initial plan, obviously, he was definitely going to think back on that later. This point had not impressed Reagan at all. \"Thomas, don't be so ridiculous! He's been the perfect gentleman! Why, just yesterday, when I came upon him in the woods, he said he wouldn't hear of having a lady walk to show him the way, so we shared his horse -\" \"You rode in the same saddle? \" Thomas's voice rose to such an inhuman pitch with sheer audacity that it made Godfrey chuckle in his throat. Reagan huffed angrily. \"Oh, I simply cannot talk to you when you are this way! I am going inside .\" At that moment, Godfrey straightened himself up, came away from the wall, and pretending as though he were just coming around the house, distracted by all the noise. To his surprise, as he rounded the corner, he nearly came into full contact with Reagan, who looked up at him briefly, muttered an apology, and went storming around him. Godfrey watched her go, and then turned back to look at Thomas, who was standing idly by the tree in the yard. \"I'm sorry...\" Godfrey offered in mock apology. \"I heard voices and...I certainly hope I've not interrupted anything.\" Thomas was rubbing his face, looking tired and angry, and upon seeing Godfrey he simply rose his hand and shook his head, to wave it all away. \"Not at all, Sir Godfrey, just a simple misunderstanding, that's all.\" Godfrey nodded, and then gestured behind him. \"Should we...go after her?\" \"No,\" Thomas snapped, a little too quickly, and then made his way towards the house. \"Let her stew a bit, she was being unreasonable.\" As Thomas walked past him, Godfrey felt compelled to follow close behind. Thomas groaned loudly and turned to look at Godfrey over his shoulder. \"I do believe I neglected to ask, Sir Godfrey: are you a married man?\" Godfrey smiled a little to himself, thinking back on the countless opportunities he could have had to marry a noblewoman from the King's court. But, the way he saw things, there was no point in committing yourself to one woman when you had the entire court at your disposal. He remembered how the ladies of the court would stare at him when he passed them in the castle courtyards, or in the markets, and how they had tittered behind their fans when gathered together in throne room. Frankly, the idea did not appeal to him, and although perhaps... perhaps ...he would have liked to have a son one day, he was not yearning for it anytime soon. \"I'm not,\" Godfrey replied, as they rounded the corner to the house and Thomas laid a hand on the doorknob. \"Unfortunately, the duties of knighthood are far too...demanding.\" \"Hmm,\" Thomas muttered in reply, obviously not all that interested in hearing Godfrey's reply in the first place. They stepped into the warm, sunny house together, and Thomas simply shrugged as he made his way towards the staircase. \"Consider yourself lucky, then. Between hunting a wild boar who could pull your limbs off with his teeth, and living with the wife at home...frankly there are days I would rather risk the boar.\" Godfrey stopped and watched him ascend the staircase and disappear into one of the halls upstairs, sneering in disgust. He was convinced at that point that not only did he despise the loathsome master of the house, who had so graciously asked him to stay, but that he was suddenly rather determined to make the rest of his stay as unbearable as possible for the man. Smiling a little to himself, Godfrey walked out of the foyer to the house, down the hallway towards his room, where he would write the letter to notify his brigade of his presence in the little forest town, should they past the road. / A/N: Kinda short, sorry about that. Next one should be longer.[Chapter 5] A/N: Very special thanks to playxhardx187, SilverMoonPanther, Mandie, and Jokerlover92 for your reviews! Daphne Chapter Five / It was mid afternoon by the time Godfrey was finished writing his letter; it had turned into a gray, misty day, and when Godfrey set out down the road, he could feel the cold seep in through his simple tunic and begin to chill his skin. He moved with a swiftness as he passed the stables and went over the hill, heading towards the road that would lead him up into the trees. The people were out in abundance, rushing this way and that, going on with daily tasks and household chores, and as Godfrey passed them he kept his head down, not interested in making eye contact, although he could feel eyes on him from each direction at every moment. It was only too much of a blessing for Godfrey to move into the trees, leaving the noise of the village behind him. He basked in the silence of the trees, listening to them breathe as they swallowed him, clouding overhead so he could no longer see the gray of the miserable sky, soaking up any sound so that he all he could hear were his own footsteps. It was bliss. The silence gave him peace of mind in which to think on things, and he was beginning to have second thoughts. What if his army never were to pass the road that led to this isolated village? Would he be stuck there for more than days? Weeks, even? Could he even stand it? What was he going to do, if he was holed up in the village for so long? Surely he would go mad amongst these simple village folk. He had to come up with an alternative plan. A bird called overhead in the trees, and Godfrey looked up but all that met his eyes was the rich green canopy hanging over him. He wondered, if it were to start raining, if it would even meet the ground beneath his feet; the trees were so dense and the air so heavy. He sucked in great greedy breaths of cool air; it was then he heard brisk footsteps coming out of the trees behind him. \"Do you deliberately disregard warnings, Sir Godfrey?\" Godfrey slowed his steps, smiling wickedly to himself. There was fast becoming no other sound in the word he delighted in hearing more than her voice, if only to hear it quake in his presence. Coming to a halt, he pivoted on his heel and turned to meet her. She came towards him quickly, a bundle of green herbs in her white hands, her strawberry hair a brilliant contrast against the green that surrounded them. Her eyes were wide but he could see the hint of exasperation buried within them, whether it was with him because he was wandering the forest alone, or with Thomas due to their earlier argument. He didn't know, but he was sure he was about to find out. \"Warnings, milady?\" He asked, his voice rolling off his tongue like rumbling thunder. She came to sidle beside him, giving him a fishy look. \"As I've told you before, wandering by yourself in these woods is especially dangerous.\" Godfrey smirked as she stopped next to him, and he gave her a quick once over, just to delight in the way her fingers tightened around the herbs she held. \"And you, milady? I suppose you're better prepared than I?\" He pointed with his finger to the long trails of her tea gown. Secretly he wanted to take the folds of the fabric between his fingers, just to feel its softness, but he didn't dare in that moment, and turned his gaze up to her once more. He knew he was right; she didn't even appear to have a blade on her person; what protection, if any, did she have against whatever might meet them? There was a playfulness in her eyes that he could not ignore as she stared up at him. \"I've known these woods since I was but a child; I can find my way back in a matter of minutes.\" Godfrey smirked, not positive if she was being serious or if she was just baiting him. \"Tripping over your gown in the process?\" A tiny smile splayed on her pink lips, and drawing her eyes back to the road, she began to walk, and Godfrey, smiling to himself, stepped forward to walk beside her. \"I understand your lord did not...approve of our early ride this morning.\" Godfrey carefully mentioned, keeping his eyes on the woods ahead of them. He didn't want to blatantly point out that he'd heard them fighting, which would have been most ungentlemanly indeed, but perhaps alluding to it was a more careful way to approach a subject he wanted to talk about. Beside him Reagan bowed her head, threading the herbs in-between her long white fingers as if he they were feathers. He could tell she was embarrassed. \"I must apologize,\" she said, lifting her big green eyes to meet his. \"Thomas is prone to...overreactions. He's been this way since we were children.\" Godfrey made a thoughtful sound in his throat, as though to intimate that he wasn't quite sure what she was talking about. \"Overreactions?\" She sighed a little heavily as though she didn't want to discuss it at all and yet felt that it had to be brought out to the open right away. \"To be truthful, he was positively livid when he learned of our ride to Saint's Creek this morning,\" she said. \"He seems to be under the impression that you are some...rogue come to sully our quaint little town with your dark ways.\" Reagan tittered nervously, and Godfrey too laughed a little as though it were nonsense; he couldn't help but notice she didn't mention the theory Thomas had that he, Godfrey, was a bandit of London come to carry her away into the woods, a sure sign that she thought it was pure ludicrous and didn't want to offend him by mentioning it...or perhaps she liked the idea enough to keep it to herself. It pleased him immensely. \"So sorry to disappoint,\" Godfrey said, somewhat cheerfully. Reagan looked up at him and gave him a full bright smile, as though she couldn't believe his good-natured response to such a ridiculous notion. \"I've told him you've been nothing but a gentleman, but of course once Thomas has an idea in his head...\" She stopped herself and pressed her lips together. She figured she'd said enough. After all, Godfrey had indeed proven himself to be a perfect gentleman, what would he think of her as a lady who groused about her fiancee? Of course Godfrey couldn't help but smile to himself. He found it especially interesting how all he had to do was be on his best behaviour in order to have this young woman entrust some of her deepest thoughts to him, thoughts that she'd obviously longed to voice to a confidant for some time. \"Perhaps I should speak with him,\" Godfrey suggested, in a careful tone. \"Apologize, even; I have no wish whatsoever to cause trouble for you.\" He couldn't believe what was coming out of his mouth; he loved it. He could have laughed! Reagan smiled to herself, and Godfrey spied it, knowing that once again he had won her favour over the reasoning of her jealous fiancee. \"That won't be necessary, Sir Godfrey, but I thank you for your consideration. Thomas will simply have to-\" Suddenly, behind them, there came a great screeching sound unlike anything Godfrey had heard before. Looking sharply over his shoulder, he only caught the glimpse of a large, dark figure coming towards them at ample speed directly from the trees, and he reacted quickly. Reagan gasped, and in a second Godfrey seized her, curling one of his arms around her thin waist and pulling her towards him; holding her tightly he spun them out of the way just as the giant figure rushed past them. Their feet stumbled in the loose dirt, and while Reagan immediately lost her footing, Godfrey maintained his stance and held her tighter. He would have taken great delight in feeling her arms grasping his arm and shoulder, in feeling her press her body against him for protection...if only his attention wasn't drawn to the enormous wild boar that had charged them, that they had just narrowly dodged. The boar slowed and rounded ahead of them. In an instant Godfrey drew his sword, and while he felt Reagan's panicked fingers clasping his tunic, he released her, and ushered her away with his hand. \"Go, go!\" For a moment Reagan seemed hesitant to leave him to fight the boar on his own, but then, without another moment's hesitation she grasped the folds of her gown, lifted them from the ground, and moved quickly towards the trunk of a large tree. Godfrey kept his eye trained on the boar. It was large, about the size of a small pony. Godfrey had never hunted one before, but he knew of their grisly reputations. He had to be at his utmost guard. The boar snorted, its breath like great clouds in the cool air, and it rounded on Godfrey and seemed to narrow its black eyes, letting out a great squealing noise as it stomped its hooves and lowered its head. Godfrey readied himself; he knew the thing was about to charge him, and while he had meant to call to Reagan to go back to the village, the boar then charged and Godfrey readied his blade. But the beast was crafty, and it seemed quite a bit larger than he first imagined. Godfrey raised his sword but the boar caught sight of it and charged around him as Godfrey swung the blade. Godfrey knew he'd underestimated the great girth of the boar when he was brushed with the beast's hind-end and nearly knocked off his feet. He collected himself and jumped back to position. But the boar seemed to have other ideas. It was stomping its hooves and lowered its head, and Godfrey could see its intimidating tusks and the drool that escaped its jowls. Only it wasn't targeting Godfrey; it'd caught sight of Reagan. Godfrey spied Reagan pressing herself against the trunk of the tree where she'd been hiding, and it seemed as though she were frozen to the spot. He looked to the boar and realized it was going to charge her instead of him, and he called to Reagan to get her attention. \"Reagan!\" But then he realized what she was about to do. She stretched one arm out around the trunk of the tree, and she never tore her eyes away from the boar. He watched her footing; she had one heel pivoted in the dirt. Carefully Godfrey set his sword down on the ground, pulled his dagger from his belt, and watched the boar, readying himself to spring forward. Finally the boar let out a terrifying screech and charged at Reagan, and although he could see her trembling, Godfrey watched as she waited until the very last opportune moment and then she rounded about the trunk of the great tree, clear out of the way of the boar's charge, and the beast, realizing its target had suddenly disappeared, turned to evade the tree, but too late. The boar bashed the side of its head into the trunk, slowed, and that was when Godfrey leapt forward. He jumped on the boar's broad back, despite the beast's screech of fury, and Godfrey rose his dagger and plunged it deep into the boar's spine, using it to steady himself as the boar let out a great shriek and tried to shake him off. Godfrey steadied himself as the boar took a few steps and once again tried to shake him off. Godfrey, with one hand twisted tightly in the boar's mane, pulled his dagger from the boar's back, trying to ignore the black blood that spurted forward, and with all his might he plunged the dagger into the boar's side as forcefully as he could. This time the boar did shake hard enough and Godfrey was thrown from the beast, forced to let go of the dagger. He rolled on the dirt and had to take a moment to collect himself before he realized the boar had rounded on him and was charging him with newfound fury. But the glint of a blade in the low light caught his eye, and he watched as Reagan held Godfrey's sword and lifted it as high as she could and swiped its tip to slice the boar's side. It worked, for the boar screeched once again and dodged Godfrey, rounding sharply on Reagan, who held the sword tightly with its tip out. But Godfrey knew the beast was too big for her, and it would easily overcome her. Fast as he could he stumbled to his feet, just as the boar charged her once again, and with all his might pushed himself into the boar's side, colliding with a broad wall of pure muscle, and he didn't know how it'd happened, but he'd managed to push the boar over onto its side. Quickly, ignoring the pain in his shoulders and arms, he rose himself up, turning to look at Reagan over his shoulder. She stepped forward and tossed him his sword, and Godfrey took hold of its hilt, gripped it tightly, and swiped horizontally along the boar's soft belly, watching as it split open, its innards leaking through, and the boar let out a miserable sound for a few moments before it quieted and stilled. Godfrey stood and panted, trying to catch his breath, but holding his sword at the ready in case the boar was still alive. But he could already see that the beast had stopped breathing, and its innards were beginning to spill onto the cold dirt ground beneath it. Godfrey took in a few breaths and planted the tip of his sword into the dirt. Behind him, Godfrey heard Reagan approach carefully, stopping right at his shoulder, and Godfrey turned towards her. Her eyes went to his tunic and a look of worry overcame her soft features. She stepped forward and brushed her fingers against his chest. \"Sir Godfrey, you're bleeding!\" Godfrey looked down at this tunic and saw what she meant; there was black boar blood all over the front of his tunic, probably from the dagger wound, and as he allowed himself to calm down, he realized just how much he was enjoying feeling her fingers pressed cautiously against his chest. Gently, he took her white fingers in his and lifted them again from his sullied tunic. Reagan looked up at Godfrey, her wide green eyes full of question, and he eased just the tiniest smile for her. \"It's the boar's blood, milady.\" Reagan pressed her lips together, reddening in the cheeks, and for a split second she curled her fingers around his before pulling out of his grasp completely, stepping away from him. For a moment Godfrey almost wished he had been injured in the struggle, just to see that look of concern in her big eyes once again, and feel the touch of her perfect fingers on his muscles. They both turned and looked down at the boar. The poor beast's tongue had lolled out of its mouth, and its innards were slowly seeping out and staining the ground. But Godfrey couldn't help but smile to himself; there would be definite feasting that night. \"Go back to the village,\" he said to Reagan over his shoulder. \"We can't possibly drag him back by ourselves.\" When he didn't hear her footsteps, and the air was quiet and calm between them, Godfrey turned towards Reagan. She was staring at him very intently, with her fingers curled in the material of her dress, all the blood drained out of her face. Godfrey thought for a moment that she was in shock, so he stepped forward and gripped her shoulder lightly to bring her out of it. \"Are you all right?\" he asked clearly, watching her eyes. She swallowed tightly and nodded, easing just a tiny smile. \"I am, I...\" she looked away, cleared her throat, and then raised her eyes again. \"I'm fine, I'll go to the village right away.\" And then she pulled out of Godfrey's grip and walked past him, briskly, crossing her arms over her chest with her eyes on the ground, and Godfrey watched her go until she was clear out of view. / Reagan paced relentlessly at the door to the great hall, waiting to hear that Godfrey and the others had come back with the boar. Once she'd arrived at the village after the kill, she sent several of their fine young hunters to go and meet with Godfrey and bring the boar back. The news of the kill had spread quickly throughout the village. Many of the young ladies were tittering about the stranger and how he'd taken down the beast, forget that Reagan had had her hand in the kill as well, but she didn't bother correcting them. She was too confused and conflicted. She had been so terrified when she saw the blood on his tunic, after the boar was dead. She thought for sure he had been cut and was bleeding profusely. His nonchalant reaction to her concern would have normally given her pause, but she remembered how he'd taken her hands in his, how intently he'd looked at her, and just how unfazed he was about it all, just how... strong he was. This man too was a true hunter at heart, quite unlike anything she'd ever beheld before. Reagan was still pacing when a commotion caused her to look up towards the road. She saw the village children running to greet Godfrey and the other hunters as they dragged the boar along the dirt road by its tusks and legs, and all over the people were talking amongst themselves about how large the boar was, and about how they would feast on its meat. Reagan smiled haplessly as they brought the boar to the great hall. When Godfrey raised his eyes to her, she smiled a little and noticed how his face and clothes were soiled with blood and dirt. When the three young hunters took the boar into the great hall to be roasted for dinner, Godfrey stopped to wash his hands in the trough, and Reagan approached him. \"Come,\" she said, gently placing a hand on his arm, surprising him. \"I'll wash your tunic so it doesn't stain; come up to the house.\" Although he seemed exhausted, she could see the relief in his features, and the gratefulness in his dark eyes. He didn't say a word, he simply followed behind her as they walked to Theodore's house. Reagan desperately tried to ignore the noises of the young ladies they passed, tittering and giggling, and she refrained the urge to glare at them. Godfrey, on the other hand, couldn't help but smile to himself. Not only had he won over the approval of the other young ladies of the village, but it appeared as though Reagan wouldn't share him with them. / When they returned to the house, Godfrey was surprised, but delighted, to hear Reagan insist that she wash his tunic and draw him a bath. He hadn't been aware they had a bathtub in the house but then he supposed it was used rarely, when they had the water to spare and enough fire to heat the water. When he was in London, he enjoyed baths immensely, and enjoyed them whenever he wished, but he knew it was because they had extra hands to make preparing a bath that much easier. It appeared Reagan would prepare his bath all by herself. This only delighted him further. Reagan had in fact gathered volunteers from the close vicinity of the house to help her prepare the bath for the stranger who had killed the boar, namely a couple of the young ladies who were only too eager to help her and seemed anxious to catch a glimpse of the stranger within the house. When the bath was ready, Reagan shooed them away out of the house, annoyed at their tittering and whispering, and she was laying out spare clothes for Godfrey when she heard him come in. She smiled uncertainly as he came inside, his skin and attire looking that much dirtier in the low firelight, and she motioned to the clothes she had left him. \"If you'll leave the soiled tunic, I'll have it washed, and I've set these out for you in the meantime.\" Godfrey's eyes were drawn to the vat of hot water, and there was an anxious gleam in his eyes, as though he were simply dying to get clean. Reagan decided she certainly wouldn't overstay her welcome, so she simply slipped past him and moved towards the door. Godfrey watched her, for it seemed as though something was dying to be said between the two of them, and yet it was unclear what. And then, just as she was about to leave, she placed a hand on the frame of the door, paused, and turned to look at him over her shoulder. There was a mix of admiration and embarrassment in her eyes, and Godfrey didn't know why. Her voice was shaky when she spoke. \"Thank you, for what you did today. You're...you were right, I wasn't well prepared.\" Then she bowed her head a little. \"I feel...foolish. That boar could have very well killed me, unarmed as I was.\" Godfrey listened to her and he wanted to grin but he only beheld her with a touch of fondness; he had the utmost urge to step forward and place his hand on her shoulder, gently touch the small of her back, graze her jawbone with a knuckle, to give her the assurance that she was obviously looking for, put her embarrassment to ease. He took one step forward but didn't dare move any closer, for her eyes rose to meet him, full of question and a touch of alarm, and so he stopped, and stood where he was, and was rather taken aback, for a split second, by just how lovely she looked in the low firelight. \"I assure you, milady...\" Godfrey spoke slowly, and sensually. \"It would have never come close.\" Her features reacted to his comment. Her eyes widened and glimmered, and the corners of her lips twitched as if she wanted to smile. It was there for a split moment, and then she quietly excused herself, closing the door behind her. He could hear her footsteps continuing down the hallway. Godfrey drew in a deep breath and let it out in a deep sigh, running a hand over his shaven head, and hastily undressed so that he could bathe and scrub himself clean. The water was scalding, just as he liked it, and seared his skin as he washed away the dirt, grime, and boar's blood. But as he bathed, he looked at his arms and was overcome with thoughts of sharing his bath with Reagan. He thought of having her long fingers wash his aching, well-muscled limbs, of her long hair clinging to her wet skin, and the bathwater turning her creamy white skin into a delightful pink. /[Chapter 6] A/N: Omg, two years since updating... DX. Very special thanks to DraggonflyMaiden, 94kgirly, jokergurl92, and MorNor for your reviews! I know it's been a long time since I've updated and I'm sorry; I've got some awesome things planned for this story and I know it'd be crappy to abandon it, so I'm gonna really try to finish it, I promise. :) Daphne Chapter Six / When Godfrey emerged from the bath, he felt like a new man, clean and fresh, and dressed in a simple dark blue tunic that was light on his skin after sitting submerged in such hot water for so long. But when he came into the house, he found it very quiet, even though the dinner hour was upon them, and he figured the members of the household would be readying themselves to feast over the prize boar. He had specifically hoped to run into Reagan before dinner and thank her for insisting on drawing a bath, as it had revitalized him completely. The day's events were a welcome change of pace both physically and mentally, the thrill of the hunt exercising his adrenaline, and he had considered, as he was deliberating in the bath, just how nice it would be to spend his time in the village hunting the forest, knowing that King John would never find out about a kill that was not rightfully his to make. Godfrey also delighted in the thought of hunting with Reagan at his side. He had watched her carefully with the boar; she was very swift indeed, and careful not to take her eyes off him. He'd only wished she had been in her usual hunting attire, with her weapons, to see her take down such a formidable beast. He had never known a woman as a hunter, ever , and it was both quite a shock but at the same time quite thrilling to watch her in the process. On the other hand, he couldn't deny that he enjoyed coming to her rescue. As Godfrey moved into the foyer of the house, he was met with great booming footsteps coming from down the hall in the direction of the kitchen, and in the low light of the setting sun through the windows, Godfrey beheld Theodore, who approached him with a massive smile on his red face. \"Ah, Sir Godfrey,\" Theodore hailed in a voice loud enough to shake the house. \"At last you emerge, I thought you might have drowned in the tub.\" Godfrey fought the urge to roll his eyes and sneer, as he usually would have, and instead gave his host a gentle smile. \"The bath was much needed, and very much appreciated.\" \"And well deserved,\" Theodore said, clapping him on the shoulder with a big, meaty hand. \"I've heard it was you we have to thank for our feast tonight. I've seen the beast, quite a massive thing, indeed, and for you to have taken it down single-handedly-\" \"I have to credit your ward, she was a valuable assist to the kill,\" Godfrey corrected gently, as they left the house in the direction of the great hall, where the village people were beginning to migrate. \"And so you both shall have your pick of the carcass!\" Theodore laughed, and abandoned Godfrey to turn his attentions to some other meandering villager, minding their own business, for which Godfrey was most thankful. He'd never had a tolerance for animated characters; in their long, close friendship, it had taken every strength of Godfrey's willpower not to skewer King John on days where he was most vocal and childish. A quiet, calculative character was someone he much preferred to accompany. As Godfrey continued towards the great hall, he began to notice how his reputation as the stranger who had killed the boar was affecting the people. He met eyes wherever he looked, gaining nods of either appreciation or respect from the men, both young and old, and sheepish smiles from the children who didn't turn away from his gaze. When he entered the great hall, it was not noisy enough that he did not notice the small clusters of the ladies who would watch him, whisper and giggle and titter to each other, and then turn their gazes away, red in the apples of their cheeks. It made him smile, knowing that if he liked, he could probably have any of his choosing of the young women in the village, and they would come ready to his beckoning. But of course it was never so simple; in London there were vast numbers of women ample for seducing without fear of the consequences, a habit he took to quite frequently, sometimes every day in a week. But in a small village, it was much more difficult; a maiden's honour was sacred in those parts, and news of her deflowering would spread quickly, debunking his status as a gentleman and a hunter and they would be likely to run him out of town. And that simply wouldn't do. And, of course, he didn't want to offend his gracious hosts by committing such a heinous act under their roof. Besides, in all truthfulness, there was only one young lady in the entire village that truly tickled his fancy enough that, if the opportunity arose, he wouldn't hesitate for a single second. It was lucky for them both that she was spoken for. Scanning the great hall, he was quite pleased to see Reagan overseeing the roasting of the boar over the great open fire, chatting with some of the older women of the village assigned with the similar task, and his eyes roved to the table where they usually ate and beheld Thomas sitting by himself, inspecting his dagger and sipping from a goblet. Being the modest gentleman that he was, supposedly, he still wouldn't pass up the chance to subtly gloat over his impressive kill. Godfrey approached the table, and even though the noise of the hall was great, Godfrey's own footsteps were still quite heavy on the planks, and still Thomas didn't look up from his task. It was only until Godfrey was seated next to him, and poured himself a goblet of wine, that Thomas acknowledged his presence, not by looking at him, but instead only in speaking. \"I do believe thanks are in order, Sir Godfrey,\" Thomas spoke somewhat lowly and miserably, and Godfrey turned and looked at the sullen young man. \"For our feast tonight. It's been a very long time since we've had the pleasure of roast boar meat.\" Godfrey could tell by the tone in his voice that Thomas was impressed, but at the same time annoyed, naturally jealous that he, who Theodore had declared to be the greatest hunter in the village, had not made the kill himself. He was also made curious by the fact that no one seemed to attribute Reagan's hand in the kill at all; then again he was not about to go bringing it up. Telling Thomas that Godfrey and Reagan had been alone in the woods together when the boar attacked would only draw further questions and lead to more suspicion... But perhaps there was a spot of fun to be had in that as well. \"The victory is in no small part due to your fiancee,\" he said admirably, nodding in Reagan's direction, watching how her hair seemed to come aflame with the firelight. \"She is...impressively nimble when met with such a dangerous confrontation.\" Animosity seemed to pour from every fiber of the Thomas's being, and Godfrey couldn't help but just delight in it. \"Yes,\" Thomas said at last, miserably. \"Perhaps she'll grace me with... nimble sons, four or five of them, so that they all might go galavanting through the forest together.\" While Godfrey wanted to laugh at how blatantly jealous Thomas was being, he also wanted to pound the man's face into the tabletop for speaking of her so callously. At that point Godfrey quieted, tasting his wine and finding it particularly strong, and wondered just how much of it Thomas had had at that point. At long last, it seemed, Theodore emerged and joined them, and soon after there was much drinking as the boar's carcass was carved and the meat was divided amongst the tables. As Godfrey became distracted by one of Theodore's stories, he watched carefully as Reagan came and sat herself down next to Thomas, and the very little that was said between them seemed to be tenuous and awkward; Godfrey had to hide his glee. Finally, after a time, Theodore stood up and called the great hall to attention. A great hush fell over the room as all eyes turned to watch Theodore as he rose his goblet. \"Friends,\" he bellowed into the hall, raising his goblet as high as he might. \"Relatives, and all who gather here to join us in feast, let us all give thanks to the Lord above for his bounty.\" Godfrey watched the hall as they rose their goblets and tankards, some shouting in concession, the rest of them smiling fondly. \"And let us also give thanks to Sir Godfrey, guest and friend of our house and good company, for it is he who valiantly fought and defeated the beast that graces our supper plates tonight,\" Theodore reached down and clapped a heavy hand on Godfrey's shoulder, while wine sloshed out of his goblet, and Godfrey forced himself to smile as he knew all eyes in the hall were on him at that moment. Theodore looked down at Godfrey and clapped his shoulder once more, harder. \"Sir Godfrey, to your health and your valor and your fine huntsman's skills. You shall forever be welcome in my house and at my table.\" Godfrey forced himself to stand and take Theodore's massive hand in a strong handshake while the hall erupted in cheers and hear hears and even catcalls from some of the women. Godfrey raised a hand to the hall and then sat himself down before Theodore could encourage him to say a word or two about the kill or about his host or about the village, god forbid. It seemed furthest from Theodore's mind, however; he gestured for the crowd to settle down and then held out a hand to the carcass at the fire. \"Now friends, while the night is young, let us sup!\" The carcass was carved and served in plentiful portions, and Godfrey helped himself to several cuts, feeling it was, after all, owed to him for making the kill; he feasted on the boar meat and roast vegetables and drank a cup or two of the strong wine but was careful not to get carried away; the hall was alive with feasting and chatter, and wherever he looked, he continued to catch eyes with villagers, men and women alike, both in admiration and in curiosity. At his side, Thomas continued to drink and ate very little of the prized meat and said nary a word the entire meal, which delighted Godfrey to no end; several points throughout the meal he hoped Thomas would excuse himself so that he might have opportunity to sit next to and converse with Reagan, though the opportunity never rose. Within an hour the general feasting was over and the merry drinking began; the musicians of the village came forth with their flutes, lutes, and drums and began to play festive music. Godfrey watched as the village children got up from their tables to take part in dancing and games, the townsfolk conversed with each other happily, animatedly, and eagerly; beside him, Theodore spoke jovially with another high member of the village, bellowing his great laugh and slapping his hand on the table, and on his other side Thomas continued to drink, having ignored Reagan throughout the entire meal and not bothering to stop her when she stood to converse with the young ladies gathering at one of the large tables. Godfrey watched her carefully, smiling to himself behind his goblet; if she had been put off by being discrediting in the kill of the boar, she didn't show it at all. As soon as she left Thomas's side from the table, she was smiling and laughing and speaking easily with the other girls, careful to have her back to him at all times, as though trying to distance herself from him. He knew she was still embarrassed about what had happened in the woods, and he began to wonder how he might ease her embarrassment. He set down his goblet and turned towards Thomas, who had barely touched his meal and continued to drink. The young man had his eyes set on the surface of the table. \"Did you enjoy the meat, milord?\" Though he could not have given a damn what Thomas thought at all. Thomas made a strange noise in his throat, neither affirmative or negative to the question, and when he spoke his words were slurred. \"I've no taste for meat tonight, you'll forgive me, Sir Godfrey.\" It would have pleased him to take his dagger and cut the boy's tongue from his mouth and throw it to the dogs. Instead, he stood. \"Of course, milord.\" He abandoned Thomas easily and set his sights on Reagan and where she sat with the young ladies with her back turned to him; the music had roused something of a spring in his step, and as other villagers had taken part in a dance in front of the fire, he saw no reason why he might not indulge the same way. True, music was of little delight to him in the court of the king in London, and dancing even less, but he was almost aching for the light feathery touch of her fingers, and he knew Thomas was watching his every move. As he approached the table, Godfrey couldn't help but manage a small smile for the ladies who turned to watch him approach, their eyes wide with fascination. Reagan, her attention piqued by their reaction, turned and looked up at him over her shoulder. She smiled a little, though apprehensively, and the light from the fire made her skin shimmer like gold. \"Sir Godfrey.\" He leaned down close, as though to whisper in her ear. \"Might I have the next dance, milady?\" Her smile was gone and her eyes widened, and behind her the ladies gasped and then giggled and tittered, whether by his proposal or by Reagan's obvious shock, he wasn't sure, but Godfrey only smiled at them as dashingly as he could while Reagan nervously looked around, anywhere but directly at him, and cleared her throat. \"You may.\" She took his hand gingerly when he offered it and she stood and stepped away from the table, meeting his gaze only once and with a quick, polite smile. He led her to the floor, where the music had softened to signify a basse danse, and the dancers aligned themselves accordingly. Though he'd danced with many of the finest ladies of the London court in his time, Godfrey'd never known one to dance any finer than the last, even as the ladies seemed to hold each other in some esteem over the matter. What he did know was that Reagan was not a dancer in the least; though she knew the moves, her steps her not graceful, and she had a hard time keeping with the rhythm, and her hand shook in his own and she kept her eyes cast down, and even though Godfrey's mind went wild with how the ladies of London would have judged her poor performance, he couldn't help but feel endeared to her further. A huntress, yet a lady, but not a dancer. She was an odd creature to behold indeed, and she fascinated him. He was fully aware of the audience they had as well; he kept his eyes on her, as was custom to the danse, but he listened for the giggling and fluttery gossip of the ladies and the low murmuring of the men from where they sat at their tables. At any given time during the danse, his attention was directed away from where Thomas was sitting, and it peeved him slightly; how he would have loved to see the look on the boy's face of the gallant stranger dancing with his fiancee. And yet he knew exactly how Theodore would have looked upon such a gesture: with kindness and good intention. When the dance finished and they turned to face each other, Reagan curtseying as was the move and Godfrey bowing in return, they straightened up and she managed a sweet smile for him, colour flushing her cheeks. \"I'm afraid, Sir Godfrey, my dancing must seem quite shameful compared to what you're used to.\" \"Oh no, my lady,\" he said, drawing her close and watching the smile fall from her lips. \"You do yourself a disservice. Truly, you dance divinely.\" And, holding up her hand, he brushed his lips against her knuckles. Reagan's eyes widened and shimmered in the firelight with the gesture, and just as easily as he invited her to dance, he let go of her hand and eased himself away. He knew, with all eyes watching them as they were, he had to continue his guise as ever the gentleman, polite, yet not forward; he would not let it be ruined now, when it was so firmly established. He turned his back on Reagan, knowing her eyes were on him as he went, and he met the eyes of no one else as he made his way towards the doors. \"Sir Godfrey,\" called Theodore from his seat, and Godfrey withheld the urge to roll his eyes and instead turned to his host with a smile. \"Surely you're not retiring to bed already? The night is young!\" \"You'll forgive me, milord; the kill demanded the day's energy and now the drink is inspiring sleep,\" but he bowed his head. \"I bid you goodnight.\" \"Ah, pity,\" said Theodore, as he poured wine down his gullet. \"But sleep well, good man. You've earned it.\" In his mind he thanked Theodore for not taking up any more of his time; truthfully, he was exhausted; the kill and then the bath had worn him out, and all he wanted more than anything, at that moment, was to collapse into bed and sleep. He continued past Theodore towards the doors, where he was met with the cool, fresh evening air, but not before looking over his shoulder to spot Reagan, having returned to her seat next to Thomas; the two of them were suddenly speaking quite animatedly, though it was impossible to hear their conversation. Godfrey left the hot humidity of the great hall and walked into the enclosing darkness as the sun set behind the trees and the crickets began to sing. He continued towards the house, completely unable to keep the smile off his face. /[Chapter 7] Thank you to lalobelie , CumbersBumbersWumbers , MorNor , TheJewellersHand , and Secretly-A-Fangirl for your reviews. This one is dedicated to TheJewellersHand , just cause she asked so nicely. ;) Daphne Chapter Seven / The morning was cool and misty, shrouding the house in soft, sleepy grey light as Godfrey left his room and wandered the halls towards the breakfast room, feeling refreshed and wondering what the day ahead would bring. He could hear the sounds of someone in the breakfast room as he came to its door, but he was stung with disappointment as he was met with the sight of Theodore at the table; not exactly the first person he wanted to speak with so early that morning. And it was too late for him to retreat to his room and try again at a moments time, for Theodore looked up and held a hand to him in good morning's greeting. \"Sir Godfrey, at last,\" he said in his booming voice, and he gestured to the seat across from him. \"It seems the feast of meat and wine did not disturb your slumber.\" Godfrey offered him a polite smile as he took his seat down across from him. \"Not at all. The sounds of merriment saw me off to good dreams.\" \"Ah, I am glad to hear it,\" Theodore said as he passed Godfrey a plate. \"And what merriment it was indeed! The whole of the village has you to thank for a splendid night, all in all.\" Once more Godfrey offered a polite smile as he helped himself to the spoils of the breakfast laid out in front of him; although normally he would have encouraged such a thing, he had grown weary of Theodore's peals of praise and the pressure it put him under to respond accordingly. More and more he was longing for London and the solitude it allotted him - in the morning especially - when he was rarely at his kindest and the whole of the castle knew better than to disturb him. Luckily, however, it was only a moment after Godfrey's first helping of bread that he heard the telltale soft footsteps of the lady of the house, quickly approaching the door. He sat up to attention, albeit not too obviously, and found himself surprised as she came barreling in, as if on a mission, rather than making her leisurely way inside. Theodore looked to her with a frown on his face. \"Reagan, my dear, where might you be off to so early?\" Godfrey took her in appearance with a frown of his own; she went to the pitcher for water and he noticed that she was dressed in her hunting gear, the same as the first day he saw her in the woods, and her hair was tied back lazily with string. That she stood with her back to Godfrey and didn't even turn to acknowledge her father-in-law was very telling of her mood. \"Thomas is sick with the drink,\" she said, her tone curt and exasperated, and she drank from her goblet quickly and set it down. \"I'm going out for herbs.\" Godfrey found his interest piqued, and his frown was gone in an instant and threatened with a sneaky little smile. If she was chancing the woods so early, perhaps he could find a chance to sneak up on her, repay the favour for the other day when she had snuck up on him. Theodore, however, was not as impressed. \"Ah, the fool had no taste for meat at our feast last night, what did he expect but to make himself sick? Reagan my dear,\" he said, and gestured to the breakfast foods. \"Sit yourself down, have something to eat; tis the boy's folly for the ailment, not yours.\" She gave Theodore a soft smile, as though she recognized that at least someone was on her side in the manner, but she sighed nonetheless and looked down at her feet. \"I know it is,\" she said. \"But he's desperately ill. I'll only be gone a short time.\" \"Bah,\" Theodore waved a hand at her, no longer giving her his attention, or giving attention to the fact that his son had obviously had too much to drink than he could handle. \"Foolish boy; shall never have a head for wine. Lest the whole village see to his every need!\" With Theodore suddenly so disinterested, Reagan looked as though she were ready to leave; before she could, however, Godfrey stood to attention - as he would have done if any lady had left his company so suddenly - but he wanted to show her the expression of concern he purposefully drew upon his features. She beheld him only briefly before going past him; her eyes were exhausted and exasperated, as though this was something that occurred often and she was beginning to find tiresome. She looked as though she was longing to offer him the slightest, most sweetest of smiles, but her state of mind simply wouldn't allow it. Instead she nodded her head to him in a morning's first greeting. \"Sir Godfrey.\" He returned it gallantly. \"My lady,\" he said as she went past him, and he watched her for as long as he could before she disappeared down the hall and into the bellows of the house. Part of him wanted to go after her right then and there, if only to have an excuse to leave Theodore's exhausting company, but he decided to pace himself so as not to appear intrusive, so he sat himself down once more. Theodore, across from him, was shaking his head as he feasted on cheese and meat. \"You must pay no heed to dear Reagan's temper, Sir Godfrey,\" he said. \"She'll see to poor, ailing Thomas with his no head for wine and once he has quieted, she'll be back to her pleasant self.\" Godfrey sipped his morning wine and considered Theodore's words. \"This happens often?\" \"At times that allow for such celebrations, yes,\" the large man said. \"I fear Reagan is too kind to him; were his mother still alive, she would have left him to wallow in the misery of his bed, never-mind his crying.\" For a moment, Godfrey glanced over his shoulder, as he could distinctly hear the sound of the door opening and closing. He knew that if he wanted to catch up to her, he would have to go soon, or else she would get too far into the forest for even he to find her. \"I fear I may be at fault, Theodore,\" Godfrey lied, setting down his goblet and looking to the large man across from him, who was now regarding him carefully. \"I conversed with Thomas last night and saw that he was clearly taking too much of the drink. Perhaps I should have stopped him.\" Theodore shook his head and waved a hand at him. \"Nonsense, Sir Godfrey. The boy's misgivings are no fault but his own.\" \"Nevertheless,\" Godfrey said, slowly standing from his seat. \"I feel the need to apologize to Reagan. Perhaps I can assist in locating the herbs she wants.\" Whether he found the proposal suspicious, Theodore said not a word of it. Indeed, the man seemed far too concentrated on his own breakfast to care at any length what Godfrey was on about. \"It is not at all necessary, Sir Godfrey,\" he said. \"But I know dear Reagan shall appreciate the thought, and the company, no doubt. The thyme can be difficult to locate this time of year.\" Godfrey eased him a smile and bowed his head. \"Until later then,\" he said, and turned around to leave the breakfast room, grinning wickedly to himself as he went. / The village was noticeably more sedate than usual, he noticed, as Godfrey left the house with his gloves and his boots. He assumed that many of the other villagers, like Thomas, had had too much of the drink and were sleeping off its affects. It reminded him suddenly of one of the great galas held at the castle in London, when all those in attendance would be awake into the earliest mornings eating and drinking and dancing and singing and very few of them were seen so early in the morning, as per usual. But it didn't bother him; he rather liked that the village was quieter that day. It seemed as though the sun was swallowed by the low mist of the early morning and made the woods around him so spectacularly green that he would have stopped a moment to take in its full beauty, were he not on a mission. Although he had not seen the direction in which Reagan had gone, he assumed that she would have followed the route in which they had encountered the boar the day before, simply because off the beaten path laid the deepest and thickest gathering of trees and, likely, patches of growing herbs. He had no idea whatsoever what kind of herb she was looking for - not that he would have known what a single herb growing wildly would look like at all, frankly. But he knew that Theodore was correct when he said that she would appreciate the effort. He followed the path into the forest, where the clearing slowly gave way to thickening trees and the light became denser. He listened for the sounds of the birds in the trees but also kept himself aware for any other sounds that might present themselves; since the death of the boar, he had been reminded once more of the many kinds of dangerous animals that roamed the woods. He wanted to keep himself as aware as possible. To his very great fortune - and much to his pleasure - he only had to venture a total of ten minutes or so before he looked off into the trees and saw the telltale glint of strawberry-hued hair under the forest's light. He smiled to himself, counting himself rather blessed by the gods, as he wandered from the path into the mess of trees, making his steps very deliberately, so as not to alarm her. She was kneeling at the base of a great tree with her back to him, and he could tell by the motion of her arms that she was gathering the herbs in a patch that differentiated itself by colour and shape to its surrounding vegetation. Godfrey approached until he was at least a few steps behind her, again not wanting to startle her, and wanting to appear as though he had come to offer his apologies and take responsibility for her husband-to-be with the lack of foresight. He cleared his throat and she looked behind her, her hand going for the dagger on her belt, but as she caught sight of his, the wideness of her eyes lessened and her expression relaxed. She looked him over briefly, but did not stand to pay him the attention he would have liked. \"What are you doing out here?\" Godfrey took notice that she was careful not to allow her annoyance with Thomas interfere in a conversation with him. \"Forgive me, my lady,\" he said. \"I felt it necessary that we should speak.\" \"Speak of what?\" She asked, distractedly by the herbs in her hands, and she turned towards him, standing on both feet before he had a chance to step forward and offer her his hand. He spied the herbs in her hands and noticed how they looked like little bunches of green flowers, held securely between her long, white fingers, and he beheld a little smile that he desperately tried to make look sheepish. \"I wanted to offer my apologies,\" he said, bowing his head. Reagan frowned at him. He delighted in how her pink lips pursed ever so slightly when she frowned. \"Apologies, Sir Godfrey?\" He took a careful step towards her, but did not dare to make another one. He wrung his hands to give her the impression of his embarrassment. \"I spoke with Thomas after the meal. I observed he was...\" he took a moment to give the illusion that he was carefully considering his choice of words. \"Overindulgent, yet I said nothing to deter him.\" She eased a little smile, as though the entire situation deeply embarrassed her, which without doubt it did. \"You need not apologize; I saw he was drinking more than he ought. But it is his own fault for his pain.\" \"Is it not his own fault that has made you prowl the woods before you've even had a chance to breakfast?\" Godfrey asked, I would not presume to expect such things of a lady.\" Something twinkled in her eye, and the little smile threatened to grow to a tease upon her lips. \"Not all of us are allowed the luxury of servants at our every beck and call.\" \"But certainly you are allowed respect from your husband-to-be?\" Her little smile was gone in an instant and replaced by a look of disdain, and for a moment he was sure she was going to snarl something at him, but instead she regarded him and then moved past him. He watched her over his shoulder as she continued through the trees, but with her back kept to him at all times. It was obvious to him that he had offended her. \"With all due respect, Sir Godfrey,\" she said, looking at him over her shoulder but taking her careful steps amongst the tree roots. \"You've known Thomas a precious day or two. You've no idea the details of our relationship.\" \"Nor would I presume to know,\" Godfrey said, turning and squaring his shoulders to her. \"Yet you have,\" she said, very matter-of-factly, and he could see by the hardness in her gaze and the stern downturn of her lips that she was upset – offended, even – by his comment. It made him want to smile deep down; how lovely she appeared when she was in a feisty mood. \"Are you truly so anxious to leave behind the world you adore so?\" Godfrey said, turning the tables on her. He watched the realization light in her eyes, and as he took a few steps towards her, he held out his arms as if to demonstrate to the woods around them. \"This world? I've heard Thomas speak callously of your place in his home, bearing children and keeping house,\" he stopped when he stood within arms-length of her, close enough that he could tower over her in another step, and she stared up at him with a sneer upon her lip. Were he any other kind of man, he might have stopped before inciting her anger, but it was simply too delicious for him to bear. \"Is that too the result of too much drink?\" The silence settled between them for a few moments as the red blushed the deep apples of her cheeks and she began to shake her head at him. \"How...how dare you,\" she growled lowly, so that he and only he could hear her. \"You know nothing of the matter-\" Godfrey stepped forward so that he was practically overtop of her, but her gaze did not falter. She stared up at him angrily, maintaining her ground, and when he spoke, he spoke into the quiet directly between their lips. \"I know that if I met a woman who showed half as much passion of the world around her as you do, I would not dare confine her to the simplicities of domesticity,\" he said lowly, and her eyes widened and her eyes blinked rapidly, as though she couldn't believe what she was hearing. \"Your Thomas is an imbecile-\" \"Stop!\" She snapped in his face, and he could have sworn that her eyes glowed hot green with her anger; she raised her hands up in a gesture for him to stop all transgression, the thyme clenched between her long white fingers. It was far too inviting; in a second, Godfrey seized both her hands by the wrists, not gripping hard, but hard enough that she would not easily break his grasp. The anger in her eyes gave way to something like fear, and it made Godfrey want to grin with malice. Her lips fell open like she meant to speak, yet no noise escaped her throat. And the temptation was far too great. With her wrists in his hands, he pulled her forward, just enough to bring her into him, and he had only a glimpse of the startled look in her eyes before he leaned down and pressed his lips against hers. He might have groaned out loud had it been any other situation; he had so forgotten the taste of a woman, the sweet softness of a woman's lips, and at first taste she was a breath of strawberries, crisp spring water, and fresh air. The kiss was as gentle as could be and very unassuming, as she did not return it except for the very slightest, but it mattered not; it was a point he was dying to prove. But he felt the struggle in her wrists pulling away from his grasp, and as the kiss broke he released her, looking down at her, surprised. He saw the anger flash in her fierce eyes once more before he felt the stinging sharp pain of her palm against his cheek. Godfrey paused as he considered what had just happened; had she truly had the gall to slap him? He? Sir Godfrey, marshal of King John himself? He withheld the urge to press his own palm against his reddening cheek and instead allowed his hands to curl into fists at his sides as he slowly looked down at her once more. She held an expression of anger, her chest heaving with every breath, and while in London he might have backhanded a woman to the ground for daring to slap him, for daring to disrespect him so blatantly, when he looked down at her, at the blood gushing in her sharp cheeks, at the plushness of her bruised lips, he felt a tremor roll up his spine, and the tips of his fingers began to tingle with excitement. Before she had a chance to react, he grabbed her by the arms, while the thyme in her fingers fell to the ground, and he pressed her up against the nearest tree. She gasped as her back impacted the bark, but had no time to say a word before his lips were once more on hers. Although he had been gentle before, the animalistic tendency inside him that often had what it wanted began to grow hungry; his kiss was strong and demanding, demanding more of her taste, and although he had expected her to struggle against him - and struggle hard - he was delighted to feel her reciprocating. Reagan was timid at first, allowing him to take control while she eased into his demands, like a woman who had never known a man's kiss. He relaxed his grip on her arms and pulled them forward so that she might place them about his frame, which she did, however tentatively. He leaned down into her, adoring that he stood a good head over her, dwarfing her in comparison, and he placed both his palms against the tree bark on either side of her shoulders, keeping her trapped against him at all times. And as he kissed her, he could feel her hands slowly knead at the cloth of his tunic, her fingernails beginning to claw at him, and by the second her lips became more daring, more intrigued, more desperate for his own taste as he was becoming desperate for hers. Slowly he moved one hand from its place against the bark and slid his fingers gently around the back of her neck, careful of her long tresses, and taking firm grip of her neck he pulled her impossibly close, angling her jaw so that he had better access to her mouth. When he felt her hands pulling on his tunic, pulling him closer against her, he splayed his fingers into her hair across the back of her head, granting him better leverage, and he slipped his tongue between her lips. She squeaked then in surprise, but with his other hand he gripped her arm so as to keep her close. He moved his tongue into the flesh of her cheeks, tasting her deeply, and a deep animalistic groan of want rumbled from inside his throat. Reagan stood in shock, her lips shaking but her tongue absolutely still, as though she was simply enjoying his ministrations. But almost as soon as it had happened, it seemed to be over, just like that. He felt her resisting, he could feel her hands gently pushing against his chest, and while he continued to massage her mouth with his tongue, he felt her pull away. Eventually he pulled his tongue from her mouth, his kiss from hers, and before he could ask her what the matter was, Reagan slipped out from between him and the tree, and he could only watch with confusion as she made her very quick way through the trees. /[Chapter 8] A/N: Thank you very much Secretly-A-Fangirl, TheJewellersHand, lalobelie, and Guest for your reviews. :D Daphne Chapter Eight / On his leisurely way back through the trees and into the village, Godfrey comprised inside his mind an apology for Reagan that would convince her (and any others who might become involved) that the kiss had been an act of unbridled passion that he could not help himself from committing, though he knew that it was wrong. Of course he knew that it was wrong. She had a fiancee, after all; a man she had been betrothed to since they were children. And of course Godfrey respected that, he respected it as much as he respected the word and law of his own King John. He would admit his wrongdoing and beg her forgiveness, tell her that he was ashamed enough to leave the company of her father's house; perhaps he would even cower in her presence, allow himself to shed a tear or two. Anything he needed to do to secure his innocence to her after such a display, he would do. As he came into the village, he noticed that there were few villagers going about their daily chores, though there were still considerably fewer than other mornings. He wondered, when defending himself to Reagan, if he could blame his behaviour on the drink from the night before. Surely with Thomas so familiar with the drink, she would be more than aware of what effect it could have on a man. Perhaps she would be convinced that he meant no harm, that it was all done out of his head. But Reagan wasn't a foolish woman, and Godfrey knew that better than anyone in the village, he was convinced. He could see the mistrustful scowl on her face in his mind's eye if he blamed his behaviour on the drink. He knew that the most assured way to gain her forgiveness for his audacity was to apologize, whole-hearted and directly. As he came into Theodore's house, he found it warm and inviting; he could smell the firewood and knew that the fires had been going well since his departure at breakfast. He went first to the breakfast room, suspecting he would find Reagan fixing herbs into a drink for Thomas's remedy, but the room was empty and the table had been cleared of all the breakfast foods. Frowning, Godfrey went about the bottom halls of the house, going from room to room and listening intently for the fluttering sound of Reagan's slight footsteps, or perhaps for the singing notes of her voice through the halls. But after a moment he knew, most definitely, that Reagan was not in the house at all. With this in mind, Godfrey went to the parlour, where he was sure he would find Theodore going about his documents. And sure enough, as he came into the doorway, the man of the house was busy at his desk scribbling away on parchment, and though it occurred to Godfrey to leave him be (more so to save himself the boom of Theodore's voice), he was too late to make a move before the man looked up and beheld him at his door. \"Ah, Sir Godfrey, you need not be so timid, come in, please,\" he bellowed from across the room, and Godfrey hid his grimace with a smile as he stepped past the threshold into the room. \"I sense you missed dear Reagan during her trek in the woods then?\" \"Quite the contrary,\" Godfrey said, careful to make himself look cowed and ashamed, and both his manner and choice of words caught Theodore's obvious attention, as the man halted his pen and considered him carefully. \"I was able to catch up to her in the woods; alas, I'm afraid I may have said something to make matters worse-\" \"Ah, do not worry yourself,\" Theodore said, waving a dismissive hand at him. \"Reagan is most understanding, and not one to hold contempt. I am sure your conscience is torturing you for nothing.\" Godfrey was about to snort loudly, but was able to hold it back. If only the old man knew. \"Nevertheless,\" he said. \"I feel the need to apologize...yet again. I'm afraid my words were of no condolence to her in her time of need.\" \"Hmm,\" Theodore mused approvingly in his throat, and looked back to his documents. \"With luck on your side, Sir Godfrey, you may be able to catch her before she leaves.\" For a split moment, alarm flashed through Godfrey's mind and he felt his expression fall flat on his face. \"Before she leaves?\" \"Yes, unfortunately she was not able to find the herbs she wanted for Thomas,\" Theodore said, almost absent-mindedly. \"She's resolved to take Cava further out to find a grove with more obliging growth.\" After standing quite still for a moment, Godfrey's hands absentmindedly curled into fists, and he withheld the urge to slam them down on the surface of the desk and demand of Theodore exactly where she would be riding off to. But he swallowed down the anger in his throat and instead became determined to appear concerned, and only concerned. \"But she's not left yet?\" \"She was on her way to the stables a moment ago or so,\" Theodore said. \"It will take her a moment at least to saddle Cava; you may catch her yet.\" Godfrey decided he would do just that. He tipped his chin to Theodore as gentlemanly as could be. \"Much obliged, Theodore.\" He turned on his heel and left the parlour before another word could be passed between the two of them, and Godfrey hurried out of the house, out into the fresh air once more, and into the stable house. But he found, once he threw the door open, that Reagan's champagne stallion was gone from his stall next to Agamemnon, and a saddle was missing from its place on the wall. Godfrey stood there for a moment as his temper flared; he took a few steps towards her horse's stall and even as he wanted to throw his fists through the stall door, he held himself at bay with a few calming breaths and a stroke or two on Agamemnon's nose. Back in London he might have taken his anger out on a nearby stable-hand, but even as he was angry he had missed her, there was a part of him that couldn't help the wicked little smile that spilled over his ruined lips. She had been affected enough by the kiss that she had panicked and run. If he had seen which way she had gone, he would have followed her, just for the thrill of chasing her. He left the stable, adjusting his gloves and thinking that if she had the presence of mind to take her horse, perhaps she would be gone for the better part of the day, venturing further from the village than she would on foot. He continued to smile to himself, for now it was clear that she had to put great distance between herself and him, and the house in which she presided with her husband to be, likely because she was mortified at what had happened, but with the possibility that she enjoyed it enough to find herself confused. Had he known exactly where she had gone, he wouldn't have hesitated in following her, but as she was gone from the house and Thomas was safely tucked away to bed, Godfrey felt a rush of newfound freedom of the day. Inside the house and his room, he took his sword in its sheath and carried it under his arm outside round the back of the house toward the stable, where the sharpening stone was. He relished in a few quiet hours of tending to his sword, much like he would have in London, and pleasantly thinking to himself exactly what he would say to Reagan upon her return. / She had her back to him when he stepped inside the stable, hours later, after hearing her return with Cava. Godfrey closed the door behind him with enough sound to alert her to his presence, and when she looked over her shoulder, her curious expression darkened upon seeing him. She stood at the waiting, watching him, as though wondering if once again she would have to fight off his advances, but he remained where he stood at the door and didn't move. Only when her gaze met his once more did he tip his chin and speak, quietly and sheepishly. \"Milady.\" Reagan returned her attention to the saddle on her horse's back, carefully undoing the straps. \"You should hurry inside, Sir Godfrey,\" she said to him clearly, though she did not even turn to say it to him. \"Theodore will not be pleased if we are both late to the supper table.\" Indeed, she had been gone most of the day, and in the early afternoon hours as Godfrey was relaxing at the fire with a borrowed book from the library, the serene silence was interrupted by the shrill demands of Thomas from his bed, wondering where on earth Reagan had gone to with the herbs he needed. Godfrey had not paid enough mind to listen to the rest of the mundane discussion between the boy and his father, who was the only one to return his words. In fact, Godfrey had read and reread the same sentence in his book almost five times over as his mind filled with the image of silencing Thomas's pathetic cries by slitting his throat with his dagger. Now, with Reagan returned from the grove with a saddlebag full of herbs, the sun was beginning to hang low in the sky, and Godfrey knew they would both be expected inside the house soon. But he wouldn't let them go without saying his piece. \"I don't imagine he'll be pleased either way,\" he said softly, watching the way her long braided hair shimmered in the low light. \"I must take leave of his house.\" Her reaction was just as he had hoped; for a moment she paused, her fingers motionless, and he watched as she turned her head just slightly, as though to look at him over her shoulder, before she seemed to reconsider, and once more her hands were full of life, undoing the clasps and removing the saddle from her horse's back, though instead of replacing it on the wall, she let it fall to a stack of hay at her side. Cava remained in front of her, motionless, and she turned around and looked at him full on, a less than pleased look on her face, as though she were about to demand an explanation for absolutely everything that had transpired in the day. With that, Godfrey lowered his gaze and his chin once more, playing the role of the humbled gentleman looking to take penance for his wrongdoings. \"Milady, how can I even begin to express my shame in how I acted this morning in the woods?\" She said nothing, simply stood and listened, waiting for him to continue. He shook his head slowly and sighed to show his remorse. \"I can't imagine what you must think of me. In London, I suppose I am used to speaking my mind, but I should have held my tongue…\" he peered up at her. \"Literally, in the presence of friends.\" Even in the low light, he could see the blush as it burst into the apples of her cheeks. She looked away from a moment, as though she didn't care to recount the location of his tongue earlier that morning, no matter how much she might have enjoyed it. He was in full danger of grinning maniacally to himself before he reminded himself of his act. \"I would beg your forgiveness if I believed I was worthy of it,\" he said, putting as much emotion into his words as he could. \"But I have overstepped my boundaries and for that I must leave.\" He quieted for he knew he had said a great deal, and he could practically feel the animosity pouring off her. When he looked up at her, she had crossed her arms over her chest and stared at him, seemingly unimpressed by his apology and equally unimpressed by his insistence that he take leave of her company and the hospitality of her family. \"Theodore will be very suspicious if you leave,\" she said finally, her tone dark and biting. Godfrey shifted his expression, trying to appear as surprised as he could. \"You did not tell him?\" He knew this already, of course; she had been far too anxious to leave the house and not risk facing him, she hadn't the time to tell Theodore about what had transpired in the woods that morning. And surely if she had, Godfrey would have heard about it the moment he stepped back into the house. Theodore would not have been one to hold back his opinions on such an audacious act. But Godfrey felt it best that he appear to be cowed in all aspects, too ashamed to face his host at all during the day after taking such liberties with his ward. \"Is it best he does not know,\" Reagan offered. \"And the same goes for Thomas. It would not be wise to invoke their wrath.\" Godfrey was tempted to laugh right out loud. He would have gladly taken his chances in a game of wits with the massive bumbling fool, or his half-wit son who probably didn't know what a sword looked like, let alone be skilled enough to carry his own in a fight against the chancellor of King John. In his mind's eye, he relished at the thought of the two of them challenging him, and how he would make such short work of them both, leaving them unarmed and defeated on the ground, bleeding from their guts or their throats, all the while Reagan stood at the side taking in the fight and mortified at the outcome, unable to defend herself, and better yet unable to resist her own desires, when Sir Godfrey claimed his prize. He promised himself he would revisit this fantasy again later in his room, when the rest of the household slept. But for the time being, he continued to cower in her presence. \"I would be only too deserving of it.\" They stood in silence for a time, and it was only broken by a soft sigh on Reagan's part. Though she did not say a word, Godfrey could see by the relaxed way she led Cava back to his box and replaced the saddle on the wall that it seemed all was forgiven, or at least temporarily forgotten, and when she approached him he stood to attention, waiting for a harsh word, or perhaps another slap, something that would help her regain her honour and yet not have to banish him from the house. She was very careful not to touch him in any way whatsoever, when she motioned to the door behind him. \"Come. It does not do well to make the master of the house wait for his supper.\" Godfrey considered her for a moment, and allowed himself a small smile, as though he understood that this meant things would be forgiven. Perhaps not right away, but enough that not another word would be spoken of it, and there was no danger of it reaching the ears of the other men in the house. With that, he pushed the door open for her and allowed her to pass through, but when he did not follow her immediately, she turned and stopped to watch him. \"Sir Godfrey?\" For moments he kept his head down before looking up at her, taking in her sweet, angelic features, the brightness of her eyes, the lusciousness of her lips, the lips he had kissed with such fervour and ache only hours before, the very lips that had kissed him back so eagerly. He had known she would never willfully allow him to leave, never mind how suspicious it would have looked to Theodore or Thomas, or anyone else in the village, for that matter. Even if he had insisted, shed tears for the sake of his supposed guilt, sworn that he would cut his own throat than remain there to relive the evilness of his crime, she would have thought of something, any sort of excuse, to make sure he didn't leave. How could she? Who else would make the fire burn bright in her eyes, or the blood rush into her cheeks, or make her swallow nervously and find ways to occupy her fingers, distract herself from whatever tasty thoughts her mind gave her in his presence? He had felt it in her kiss that morning; there was something about him that continued to frighten her, but soon that fear would give way to full curiosity, full-lidded lust, complete unbridled passion, and she wouldn't be afraid of him. Not any longer. He would have her. It would just take a little more time. \"Can you ever forgive me, milady?\" He asked. Her lips teased as though they wanted to smile, but she stopped herself in time. She held herself to his full attention, determined, in all the respects he had come to expect of her. \"I already have, Sir Godfrey.\" She turned and walked towards the house, and as Godfrey let the stable door close behind him, he turned to follow her, smiling deviously to himself. Of course she had. / The dinner table was, as per usual, an interesting mix of great jovial triumph on behalf of Theodore, great sullenness from Thomas, and the quiet, polite listening and occasional word from both Godfrey and Reagan. As Theodore drank his mead, he regaled with great laughter all the people of the village he had gone to visit during the course of the day, all those hungover from the previous day's feast. As Reagan put out a simple spread of leftover boar meat, freshly jerked, along with a cheese plate, bread, and an assortment of vegetables, Thomas kept his head down and said nary a word. He simply drank the tea Reagan had made him from the herbs she collected and glowered at the tabletop, unwilling to meet the eyes of anyone in his company. But he was promptly ignored by all at the table, especially when Theodore reached over and clapped his hand on Godfrey's shoulder. \"You made many a friend for life with your kill yesterday, Sir Godfrey,\" he exclaimed and took a drink from his goblet. \"And might I add, many of the young ladies have inquired if you will stay with us for much longer.\" Godfrey offered a sheepish smile and looked down at the table; he might have risked a glance at Reagan, but he could feel Thomas's eyes burning holes into him, waiting to see what he would say, waiting to see if he would chance to make moon eyes across the table at his fiancee. \"Business in London will make demands of me in time,\" he said carefully. \"Though I must admit it will be difficult to take leave of your charming village. I have grown quite attached to it.\" Theodore laughed and clapped his shoulder once more, and even though Godfrey was beginning to find it most irritating, so much so that he had to flex and unfelt his fist beneath the table, he simply smiled and allowed it. \"The woods have worked their magic on you, I see. Just wait, Sir Godfrey, we will make a farmer of you yet!\" Godfrey nearly spat out the mouthful of mead he had been drinking to laugh a boisterous laugh, but was able to swallow it down instead. Sir Godfrey the farmer, it was laughable. As if he would ever forfeit his place as the chancellor to King John for something as lowly as as working the fields with dirt under his fingernails. Although he couldn't deny Theodore's point of the magic of the woods. From across the table, Thomas spoke up at last. \"How long do you intend to stay, Sir Godfrey?\" When Godfrey peered up at him, slightly appalled by the rudeness of the question, Thomas was staring at him dead on with his dark eyes, bloodshot from the drink, and beside him Reagan gently put a hand on his arm and leaned towards him, like a mother about to chide her small child for his rude manners at the dinner table. \"Thomas-\" \"What a question!\" Theodore boomed, though he was obviously disgusted. \"Sir Godfrey, you must not pay any mind to Thomas, he meant nothing by it. Of course you are free to stay as long as you wish.\" Godfrey looked to Theodore with a reassuring smile, to show no harm had been done. \"Please, I take no offence. It is a fair question.\" \"You must stay on for the annual solstice hunt, Sir Godfrey,\" Reagan said from across the table, prompting Godfrey to look her in the eye for the first time that evening. Her lovely face smiled back at him in the low light from the fire. \"In a week's time. It is the greatest anticipated event of the spring.\" \"Ah yes, of course, how could I forget?\" Theodore said and laughed beamingly. \"You'd be a welcome member of any party in the village.\" Godfrey smiled politely. \"I would be only too obliged to hunt in the party of my hosts,\" he said, peering around the table and giving everyone his smile, even Thomas, who only continued to glower at him. \"Well said,\" Theodore said, holding up his goblet and saluting no one in particular. \"Three full days of hunting in the forests to the North, nothing but mead and the fire and the meat from the hunt. You will find it most invigorating.\" \"Three days?\" Godfrey asked, his curiosity getting the better of him. \"A rather long time to be away from the house.\" \"Oh not to worry,\" Thomas piped up miserably, speaking more into his cup of tea than to those present at the table. \"Reagan will be here to watch the house.\" The table quieted and it seemed as though the light from the fire had dimmed considerably and cast a dark shadow amongst the company. Godfrey looked over at Reagan, who seemed clearly confused by Thomas's words, as she looked at him expecting a full explanation. \"Thomas,\" she said at last. \"I'll be going too. I always partake in the solstice hunt.\" Thomas snorted into his teacup. \"Don't be ridiculous. Surely you haven't forgotten our discussion?\" he said, turning to look at her, but never addressing her directly. \"How on earth do you expect to be a proper wife and lady of the house if you're out running after stags and the like?\" All was quiet once more, though inside his head, Godfrey was screaming in fury. He sat back in his seat with his hands in his lap, curling them into fists and desperately reminding himself to be a good guest and not poke his nose in the business of his hosts. Thomas continued to sip his tea and even managed to eat a little cheese, with not another second thought to the matter, but at his side, Reagan sat with a sad, defeated look on her face, as though yes, this was a discussion they had had, and somehow, for some insane reason, perhaps she had agreed with him. She began to pull apart the piece of her bread, and Godfrey knew that she was deeply disappointed. What was even more surprising was that Theodore didn't offer a word at all in her defence. He drank his mead and stuffed his face as though they had been discussing something completely unimportant, like the turning of the weather. Perhaps it had been something that both father and son had talked about, at one point or another: the fact that Reagan would never make herself a good wife for Thomas if she did not settle down and take on some of the more wifely duties. It made him want to burn the house to the ground, with both Theodore and Thomas asleep in their beds. He would steal Reagan away out of her bed and carry her off into the night and make her a home elsewhere in the woods, out of the presence and company of those who would deny her what she loved most. She would be free to do all that she wished without the domineering directions of a grotesque little worm of a husband and his piggish, oafish father with no balls whatsoever to speak up for the ward he supposedly treasured like his own daughter. Godfrey knew he could not say anything on the matter and so he held his tongue, but in his head he was beginning to see the little farm where Reagan could make her home away from Thomas and Theodore, where she could be out hunting in the day and return home to untangle her braided hair and slip into a soft, long tea dress for the evening hours. Perhaps not far from London, so he might steal away to her farm for a day or two when the king was too preoccupied to ask of his whereabouts, but far enough away from those who would keep her crushed in the dirt when all she needed, wanted, was to spring forth and be free. It was not impossible, he realized as he continued to stare at her, at the sadness in her lovely face. But as soon as she raised her eyes to look at him across the table, he looked away and shook it out of his head. Godfrey the farmer indeed. / ","Summary":" *I do not own Robin Hood. I do not make any money writing this story* A/N: I find the lack of Godfr"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"And all would turn","Author":"MidnightBlast","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2021637","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: First fanfic ever. I saw Cold Mountain and have read the book a few times and my heart went out to Inman, through every thing he endured and underwent just to get home. So, this story is about another character that I think he deserved to meet—one that helps him on his way home. Disclaimer: I do not own any part of Cold Mountain , the characters or the story...or the mountain and town itslef, nor the short excerpt from Dumas' The Three Musketeers (which appears in a later chapter). Chapter 1: A pale moon rises Night had fallen. The sun slipped quietly behind the mountaintops just as it had done every night, casting its hues of pink, purple and blue across the sky. Another day of work done, but she knew better than to feel regret, self-pity—no. Instead, each day was welcomed as best as it could, with its challenges and surprises. Maggie tossed about under her thick quilt. The heavier winter snows were on their way. Soon, the sky would be layered with thick, gray, snow clouds, but not yet, not this night. She gazed lazily out the window opposite her bed in the cabin—the crescent, pale moon was on the rise. The simple beauty of the mountain winter still fascinated her. A yawn crept to her face and she nestled deeper under the thick quilt, closing her eyes to the rising moon and the beginning of night. Tomorrow would be another day. Sorry, short chapter. The rest are longer and will be posted soon.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I still own nothing Cold Mountain related, excpet my own orgininal characters. The rest...uh-unh. Chapter 2: Sleep now Yet again, she awoke to the waning moon and rose to set about her tasks. There was a cow to be milked and fed; water to be fetched and boiled, all before breakfast. \"Another day...\" she muttered quietly, before letting a sigh escape. Drawing her coat in closer around her, Maggie walked briskly across the farm yard. A mountain winter's morn was always bitingly cold, regardless of falling snow. The barn latch hadn't frozen over night, and it gave way quite easily to her gloved hands. Milking Bessie in the cold of morning was her least favorite farm chore, but something that always had to be done. As she picked up the bucket and set to work, her mind wandered to the memory of the one time she forgot. Will, her eldest brother by 10 years, promised that she would never forget again—sure enough, every time a bolt of pain shoots through her shoulder blade she always thinks about that time. A smile spread onto her face. God, how she missed them. All three of them. Will, Matt and John—all swept away forever by the ravages of the Civil War. It had just been the four of them, living together, surviving together, working together, struggling...and succeeding in making their family farm a success. And now, now everything was up to her. Her two eldest, Will and Matt, taught her everything they learned and knew. And by the time they enlisted, she knew everything they knew, if not more. And now, more than ever, she was eternally grateful to them for everything. She sniffed back the tears forming in her eyes—she missed them so, and since their departure had only sparse contact with others, namely raiding Union soldiers—but could not afford herself any self-pity. Brushing back a stray curl, she rose with the now full milk bucket in hand. The hay crunched beneath her boots as she crossed the small barn to set down the pail and gather hay for Bessie. \"Bet you get lonely too, huh?\" she asked, dumping the hay out of the barrel, \"No other cows around...just you...\" she trailed off, reflecting on that truth that was her life. No matter though...nothing to be done about it now. She buttoned up her coat and prepared to brave the walk across the yard to the cabin. Nothing eventful had happened—it was just a day. But she wished for some excitement, something different to happen. But with all her work done and everything in its proper place, she found her life's only source of excitement—a book. The Three Musketeers. She must've read it twenty times. It had been Matt's at one time. She opened it randomly as she often did and began reading. \" 'One of my friends, –one of my friends, please to observe, not myself,\" said Athos, interrupting himself with a melancholy smile, –\"one of the counts in my province, noble as a Dandolo or Montmorency, at twenty-five years of age fell in love with a girl of sixteen, beautiful as fancy can paint. Through the ingenuousness of her age beamed an ardent mind, not of the woman, but of the poet. She did not please; she intoxicated. She lived in a small town with her brother, who was a curate. They were said to be of good extraction. My friend, who was seigneur of the country, might have seduced her, or taken her by force, at his will, – for he was master. But unfortunately, he was an honorable man; he married her. The fool! The ass! The idiot!' 'How so, if he loved her?' asked D'Artagnan.\" She stopped reading, already knowing the end to Athos' story. The love of his life was branded with a fleur-de-lis, the mark of a murderer. She had lied to him about everything and it had turned the count's heart to stone. Maggie vowed to herself if she was ever was in love, never to lie to him. Chances were there would only be one man who would ever walk into her life what with her living miles from Deerswtich, the nearest town, and she never wanted to risk losing him. But she didn't think about the end of the story, she thought more on what their lives were probably like before the count discovered the brand. Full of happiness, joy, love...everything she truly wanted life to be, but knew could never come to her. She pushed such romantic thoughts out of her mind. There was no point to wasting anymore time—those thoughts would get her nowhere. She set the book down and walked to the stove to check on dinner. The fire smoldered low and would soon go out. Thankful for the day's last bit of sun, she pulled her shawl over her shoulder and headed for the cabin door. She noticed her small porch supply was running low—something else she would have to do in the morning. She reentered the cabin and stoked the fire to a good flame before returning to the porch to gather a few smaller sticks. The setting sun cast shadows upon the farm yard and shrouded the porch in long shadows. She shook back the curls that had fallen into her face as she rose from the wood pile, gazing at the world around her. Immediately, she jumped back, crashing into the post, her breath catching in her throat. \"I'm sorry, Miss. I didn't mean to frighten you none...\" \"No...it's alright. You just startled me, s'all.\" She recovered her breath and brought a hand to her chest. \"I'm sorry. There hasn't been a person, save for me, around here for some time.\" The scruffy, rough stranger regarded her with green eyes filled with curiosity and coldness. \"I heard noise...and followed it...\" \"It's alright. I don't mind that you wandered here.\" Her words came fast and excitedly. She was just startled and somewhat glad to see another person. \"What? For all you know, I'm a killer...on the run, hiding out, taking and killing as I go...\" Her relaxed attitude caught him off guard during a time when everyone was up in arms about strangers passing through. She tilted her head to one side and looked closer at him—his hands were open at his side, and the butt of a pistol stuck out clearly from his waistband. \"You could be,\" she said, \"But in my heart, I don't think you are.\" Her hazel eyes locked with his for a brief second, as though she was looking to find something. \"You're shivering...\" \"I'll be alright once I get going again...\" he turned from her as though to leave. \"Please...\" he stopped and turned back around, \"Won't you come in for a warm fire and something warm to eat? You look half-dead, as though you've been walking for weeks without rest.\" \"Thanks Miss, but I'll be movin' on. I'm a deserter—if I'm found that would be trouble for the both of us.\" The genuine trust that she was showing to him by openly offering him her hospitality struck him. Did such trust come naturally to her? Could such trust come naturally to anyone? \"Please...\" she stepped off the porch, snow crunching beneath her feet, \"Please. It's no trouble. The soldiers, from both sides, have been gone from here for many months now. There's naught here they want anymore. Besides, I could do with the company, and from the looks of it, you could do with food and rest.\" A soft inviting, hopeful smile spread across her fair face. \"Thank you...\" he said ever so quietly as though she might suddenly change her mind. Her smile grew and filled out her thin face as she tightened her shawl around her shoulders and headed for the cabin porch. He followed slowly behind, inwardly looking foreword to warm food and a warm fire. She pushed open the wooden door and instantly the heat from the fire grazed against his chapped, cold skin, like a welcome whiff of summer in a winter's storm. She listened for his footsteps on the hardwood cabin floor behind her but instead a scuffing, scrapping sound was to be heard. \"That's considerate of you.\" She said, noticing his efforts to scrape the snow and water off his boots. \"It's the least I could do after the consideration you've shown for me.\" \"You're welcome Mr....\" she trailed off, suddenly realizing that she didn't even know his name. \"Inman.\" \"Mr. Inman.\" \"Naw...Inman's fine.\" He shrugged, raising his eyes from the floor to hers. \"And your name, Miss?\" \"Maggie...\" she closed the door behind him as he entered the semi small cabin, full of its warmth and inviting aromas from the stove. \"Thank you again, Miss Maggie.\" Her light laugh filled the air—a sound that to Inman reminded him painfully of Ada, her voice and laugh he so longed to hear. \"Just Maggie is fine.\" She motioned to a chair at the table and she turned to head to the stove to fix him and herself a plate. His pack fell soft against the wood floor and he removed his hat and jacket before sitting down. \"Where do you hail from...Inman?\" she stumbled around the lack of formality surrounding this man she barely knew. \"Uh, A tiny town in the North Carolina mountains, name o' Cold Mountain. S'Where I'm on my way to.\" \"Well, you're not so far away. About a week's journey on foot from here.\" She was sure his eyes lit up at her remark as she turned from the stove with two brimming bowls of hot beef stew. \"Here...\" she said, setting the bowl before him and sitting herself, \"This should warm you up quite nicely.\" \"And what about you? Your husband leave you to fight?\" he quickly asked before digging into the stew. \"No. I have never been married. But the war took the lives of my three brothers who lived and worked on this farm with me.\" A flood of memories skittered rapidly across her mind. \"I've lived here and worked here—alone—since they left nine months ago.\" She lowered her head and dove into the soup herself. Surely, if he wanted to know more, he would ask. No sense in rambling on. \"And you manage the whole farm on your own? Very well, from the looks of things.\" Inman said in between bites. \"My mother died when I was but two and my father was...well, he was never around, so it was up to my brothers and me to make a living for ourselves. Will and Matt worked for some local farmers for a few years, learning how to run and maintain a farm. When they knew enough, they quit and taught me and John the ins and outs of farming. From there, we made our living farming. So, when it came time for them to enlist, they had given me the makings of survival out here.\" He nodded his head, mouth full. His respect for her grew—anyone who could etch a living in these mountainsides deserved it, and for her to have succeeded despite her loses with no replacement, to him, was something admirable. \"Your stew's very good Maggie.\" \"Thanks Inman.\" She raised a small smile, noticing the firelight dancing in his green eyes. Quickly lowering her eyes to her soup, she realized she'd been staring. The rest of their meal passed in silence, save for the occasional sounds of a spoon scraping against the bowl's edge or the squeak of a chair. She rose and headed for the stove, returning with a warm pan of bread. \"I'm afraid it isn't much—I wasn't expecting a guest and I don't bake much for myself, but you're welcome to what you would like.\" \"Oh no, please. I feel bad enough taking your stew—much less the bread you baked for you to eat.\" \"I eat bread and stew almost everyday. From the looks of it, you eat once a day, if even that. Please...have your fill. I don't mind.\" He accepted her kind offer, finding that it complimented the stew wonderfully, and had a small haunting aftertaste of guilt. \"Thank you Maggie.\" His voice was laced with exhaustion as she took his empty plate to be washed. Having deposited both hers and Inman's dishes in sudsy warm water, she moved about the cabin to draw the covers back on a vacant bed for him. \"Your bed is here...ready and waiting...for whenever you feel so inclined.\" She moved back to the wash basin, turning her back and scrubbing away. He sat, somewhat bewildered. There didn't seem to be anything her heart wasn't willing to sacrifice to help him, a total and complete stranger. Most kindness this extensive, in his experiences, required and expected eventual compensation—something which he was in no position to return. It troubled him that there would be very little he could do to return her generosity, but with night having already fallen, there was little he could do about his situation. He rose to his pack and retrieved his rolled book, containing Ada's letters and photo. Even though she wasn't smiling in the photo, Inman could clearly recall her smile, her soft skin glowing under the summer's sun, her blonde curls blowing gently in the breeze. He could only hope in his heart that she was still waiting...that she would still remember him...that he could love her. \"She's very pretty. What's her name?\" \"Ada...Ada Monroe.\" His words sounded distant, as though his mind was in Cold Mountain. He hadn't even seen Maggie cross behind him and cast a sideways glance at the photo. \"She's the reason you're risking your life to return home, isn't she?\" \"Yes...and there are others.\" \"As in any decision, there are.\" She agreed, remembering clearly all the reasons her brothers felt compelled to enlist. His eyes closed, what with his mind full of pleasant thoughts of Ada, his stomach full of warm food, and his body warmed by the strong fire. \"Come on, in to bed with you. You need sleep.\" She helped him to his feet, wrapping her hand gently around his arm to help steady him in his mellow state. \"Thank you, yet again, Maggie.\" He said quietly, finding sleep beginning to overtake him as his head fell soft against the pillow. \"Ssshh. Sleep now. We'll talk more when you wake.\" A gentle smile spread across her face as she drew the quilt around him and watched him drift off to sleep. It was a bit of a disappointment, yet something she should have expected, to hear about Ada. Of course. For what else would be compelling enough to risk such a dangerous trip? The people in the novels she'd read had always done daring, perilous and sometimes foolish things in the name of love—so why shouldn't Inman risk such a journey? And yet...his green eyes had fascinated her from the moment she met him.... She turned quickly from his side and walked to the table. She could only hope and pray that it would pass and not grow into anything more. She picked up his book and the photograph. Ada was truly pretty. And if she had a personality to match her beauty, then why shouldn't Inman love her? Maggie didn't think herself to be pretty, and seeing Ada's photo made her wish she was. Sighing to herself, she placed the photo under the front cover and placed it on top of his pack where he would find it in the morning. Morning...for her, it would come sooner than usual. The moon had already risen quite high in the sky. She stirred the fire down to smoldering embers and pushed it deeper against the brick-back of the fireplace before heading for bed herself. Even though he would be wanting to leave after breakfast in the morning, she still had chores to be completed before she could even think about breakfast. more to come.... the rest of it is already written, now its just a matter of getting all up on the site. i should hopefully update it soon.[Chapter 3] here we go...chapter 3. still, i own nothing Cold Mountain related, excpet my own character. she stems from my brain. the rest...nope, not mine. Chapter 3: Soon you will see For once, the cabin door did not creak so loudly. She closed it quickly behind her, not wanting to wake Inman, who was still soundly asleep. Somehow, the prospect of seeing him again so soon seemed to grant her some extra speed in carrying out the usual chores she did every morning. For it seemed as though no time had passed from when she'd crossed the cabin's threshold with empty pails, and then returned with milk and water. Yet again, the door opened with quiet ease and she slipped inside quickly, not wanting to let any heat escape. As she walked across the cabin, hands full, she glanced over and saw Inman still sleeping. He had to have been completely exhausted and she wasn't for the life of her willing to wake him. Breakfast passed, quietly and uneventful, and soon she found herself going about the rest of the day's tasks. Her thoughts stayed excitedly on Inman throughout the day—it'd been so long since she'd seen anyone and his presence was most welcome. Midday and into the afternoon found her sitting by the hearthside, mending and sewing. It seemed every few seconds her glance was stolen away by him who still lay asleep. Something about him, that she couldn't quite place, intrigued her—maybe it was just that she had been alone for so long that any person would have interested her so, but the image of the firelight in his green eyes stood vivid in her mind. She'd not seen him smile, but she could just imagine what he would look like with one.... She looked at the stitch she just finished and ripped it out. Her focus was not on sewing and it showed—so then what was the point of continuing if it was only to be redone? A discontented sigh escaped her and she let the shirt fall loose to her lap. She rested her head against the back of the chair and her gaze wandered over to Inman for the hundredth time it seemed. He looked peaceful asleep—as though the coldness she'd seen earlier melted away under pleasant dreams. She squinted harder in the fading light—he was shivering. His bed was somewhat far from the fire and the cabin was at times drafty. She rose and fetched the quilt from the end of her bed. Walking softly on the hardwood floor, she neared him and draped the quilt over his sleeping form, tucking it back at his chin. Instantly, he relaxed a bit more and the involuntary shaking ceased. The setting sun cast shadows about the room, and he seemed just a vision to her tired eyes and not real. Absentmindedly, her hand extended down towards his scratched, unshaven face, and gently brushed back a strand of hair that had fallen into his eyes. \"I hope your dreams are pleasant.\" She whispered quietly—but then her mind snapped awake. She withdrew her hand back quickly, as though her touch would wake him. Looking him over one last time and deciding he must be warm enough, she turned towards the stove to fix dinner, unable to believe that so much of her emotion was being evoked by the mere presence of this visitor...this stranger. Steam and savory smells wafted freely from the pot of stew she'd set to simmer. And the bread had just gone into the oven—it wouldn't be too much longer now. She turned and began putting away her mending basket. \"Have I really been asleep all day?\" She jerked her head around at the unexpected sound of his voice. \"Yes...yes, you have.\" She said, a glad smile forming. He shook his head and brought his hands to his face—he couldn't believe it. He felt guilt-ridden about the previous night and had planned to be off the very next morning, but he had stayed over another whole day, and now a whole other night. \"I'm really sorry...I didn't mean to.\" He said, the guilt he felt showing through his words. \"No, no, its alright,\" she assured him, \"You looked absolutely exhausted last night, and you obviously were.\" She rose, mending basket in hand and placed it in the corner. \"If you're hungry, I've stew ready. The bread will be done in a little bit, if you want to wait, but if you'd like some stew now, your welcome to it.\" He raised his head and looked somewhat baffled. Her generosity seemed to have no end, and he felt so guilty for his continuing acceptance of it with no hope of ever being able to return the favor. \"I can wait for the bread.\" He said, slinging his feet over the edge of the bed onto the cool wood floor. He rose and turned to make up the bed, but stopped as he noticed the additional quilt that had been added since he fell asleep. Never before had he met someone who was willing to offer so much—to him, such benevolence had never existed before. But that's how his problem formed—the idea of never needing help. He cast a quick glance her way—she was bent over, peeking into the oven door to check the bread. He wondered if she thought that way too...and if she did, was there anything he could do to destroy that idea before it could destroy her.... \"The bread's ready.\" Jarred from his thoughts, he raised a silent nod and headed for the table. Neither had much, if anything, to say over dinner. It passed mostly in silence. From the look of it, he was contemplating something—she could almost see the ideas swirling around his eyes. She ate the stew, curious to know what was going on behind his expressionless face. \"Did you sleep well?\" Not that the silence needed to be broken, but he had looked peaceful enough and she hoped that his dreams were too. \"Oh, yes, thank you,\" he said quickly between bites, \"And thank you again for the food.\" \"You're welcome.\" \"Will you let me do something for you?\" he asked, rather hurriedly. A shocked look registered on her face for but a moment before she regained her composure. \"Oh no, you don't have to. I'm not expecting anything in return—\" \"Please, let me stay for a few days and help you around here. If you've been alone for as long as you say, I'm sure you could use some help somewhere.\" \"Inman...please...I don't really need your help, thank you though.\" She couldn't accept his help—it showed she was weak...but then, she realized that if she should ever need help, she wasn't sure she could ever bring herself to ask for it. He knew it—she had the same ideas he once had. He lowered his head before raising it and regarding her with a somewhat understanding look. \"There isn't anything your heart isn't willing to sacrifice, is there? Except your pride—your ability to accept help from others. And at a time when you may really need it, that foolish pride will turn it away. Let it go. Accept my help—you could use it I'm sure. And after everything you've done for me, it's the very least I feel should I do.\" She was stunned, shocked—he knew her that well in just two days. She'd been living alone, on her own for so long, forgetting how to accept the help of others, even when she herself gave it so freely. \"I know what that's like—to think you don't need help, maybe you don't,\" Inman started again, \"and to think that its weak to accept other's aide. And now...living entirely on the bits I'm lucky to find and the generosity of people like you. Soon you will see that pride, and those thoughts, just aren't worth it. Everyone needs helps at one point or another during life. Please accept my offer—and then I'll be movin' on, feeling satisfied that I was able to repay you somewhat.\" Her eyes must have registered the anguish and confusion she felt, for scarcely had he said ten words in one sentence, let alone revealed such deep-felt insights. \"Fine...\" a note of forced defeat seemed to emanate from her voice, \"Stay as long as you choose—but don't you keep tacking on extra days for each that you eat and sleep here. For I'm not about to stop offering you food and a place to rest as long as you're here.\" \"I won't,\" she thought she saw a quick smile surface across his stoic face, \"If you've three days worth of fair work, I'll deliver three days fair labor.\" \"There's things to be done—nothing too pressing, but projects that need doing none the less.\" He nodded his head in silence, with some of that self-ridden guilt vanishing, lightening his eyes a little it seemed. She had caved in, for she knew he was right. Something in his voice told her he knew it to be true. Yet, surprisingly, she could not help but be excited about him staying longer. Since his arrival, she realized just how much she had missed having someone around. And...something about him brought a smile to her face every time he had looked her way. Her feelings for him were growing with each passing minute she was around him. \"Thank you.\" He said before rising from the table. She gathered up the dishes and set to washing, trying not to focus on Inman or that he had made her realize she wasn't—or could ever be—as strong as she had hoped she was. With the washing finished, she turned towards her bed to turn it down for the night. In passing, she noticed Inman, laying on his back, staring up at the ceiling, arms folded behind his head. She had nothing more she wished to say, so she let him lay and have his quiet thoughts. She was immensely curious to know what all swirled around in his mind and the cause of the hurt that clearly showed in his eyes—all the things he must have seen and witnessed in war, and then his journey towards home. Those would sure have to be some things that would linger in a man's mind. His eyes had looked heavy, as though they were burdened by unpleasant memories. Would his eyes lighten before he left? She wondered.... Having crossed the room quietly, she fell softly to her knees by the fireside. Gently rolling the glowing cinders around in the ash, a smile played across her tired face. These next three days were to be ones she knew she'd treasure a lifetime. review if'n ya want. i'll get the fourth chapter up soon....hopefully.[Chapter 4] alrighty, chapter 4. thanks for the reviews!!!!!!!!! hope you enjoy this chatper. yes, i know there's a resemblance between some things Maggie says and what the goat-herding woman says in thier converstations with Inman, but i didn't realize it until after i was re-reading and re-editing my story. oh well...it seems to work well. Disclaimer: yep, you guessed it--nothing Cold Mountain belongs to me. only my solitary characters that only exist in my imagination belong to me. Chapter 4: What can you see His first day had quickly come and gone. It had been an awkward day for them both and she was somewhat glad it had passed. She wasn't use to having someone follow her around and she was equally unsure of what jobs to give him to do—she'd grown so use to doing everything herself. Both of these things he could sense—and it put him in an uncomfortable situation as he carried out the work. She'd offered him a razor and mirror, and had about fallen off her chair when he returned clean-shaven. He really was quite handsome and now even more pleasant to look at. And...his hair seemed shorter, as though it would hang mid-forehead if combed straight. But it had a slight wave to it and at its varying lengths, it always had a tousled look to it that she liked. ...She couldn't believe she'd paid that close attention to his physical appearance and even had preferences about his look. Each moment she was around him, she seemed to discover something else that further endeared him to her, much to the disappointment of her mind. \"Maggie...\" she stopped walking at the sound of Inman's voice. \"What next?\" she glanced back over his shoulder at the farmyard, hoping something would come to mind. \"Ummm...here,\" she raised one of the buckets she was carrying out for him, \"you can come with me to get water. There's a lake not too far from here.\" The path down to the lake was well-worn from the many years of use and covered in light snow. \"How do you manage to draw from the lake without collecting pebbles or mud?\" He asked. The only way he could think of was to wade out in the water—but in the middle of winter, that must be bitterly cold. She pushed aside a tree branch, revealing the decent sized lake—and suddenly, he knew the answer. \"This lake freezes solid in the middle of every winter.\" That's when Inman noticed a small pick in his bucket and looked up to see her start out across the ice. \"The best place to find the cleanest ice is out in the middle. Come on.\" She turned around and beckoned for him to follow. A bit unsure, he stepped out onto the slick ice and slowly made his way out towards her. She knelt down on the pure white ice, pulled out he pick and began chiseling away. In no time, it seemed, he had joined her. \"John fell through the ice once. It was towards the end of winter, when the ice had thinned. He walked out to get water and fell right through. Lucky for him, Will was not but a little ways from the shore, chopping wood. But he still got a nasty cold, though. After that, he never volunteered to get water again.\" Inman had heard many stories about people who fell through thin ice—and many of them weren't so lucky. With their buckets full and them equally chilled, they headed for the shoreline. Inman couldn't wait—he would feel so much more comfortable on solid ground. The sun had come out and melted the top layer of ice, giving the lake a nice, slick, glossy surface. Her foot landed on some wet, slippery ice. What little traction she had was instantly lost and she fell backwards. Crashing softly into Inman, who had been following closely behind, broke her fall. He didn't even seem to be caught off guard and now supported her in his arms as she recovered from the shock of falling. \"Are you okay?\" he asked, helping to steady her on her feet. \"Oh, yes. Yes, thank you.\" she found her balance and turned with a thankful smile. She was now so close to him and she filled with excitement. \"Here,\" he held out her water bucket, \"Come one.\" He titled his head towards the cabin and continued, somewhat unsteadily on the ice. She nodded to herself and followed behind, trying to control her quickened breathing. That was the closest she'd ever been to him—not by his own choosing, of course. And she knew that nothing would ever pass between them—his heart was too far away. But then why...why was she beginning to give him hers? Maybe it was the ease with which he caught her in his strong arms, or the peace that enveloped him as he slept or could it be she wanted to mend the hurt in his eyes? It was something that she couldn't place and something that wasn't about to disappear, as she had hoped. (later in the day) The sun had been hidden by passing clouds now, only succeeding in making it feel colder. And even though her hands were gloved, they were still bitterly cold, something that she hoped would disappear when she set to work...when they set to work. Her firewood pile was running a bit low and it was something she used all year round, so off they had set into the woods. It was comforting to her his steps crunching softly in the snow behind her. Now she realized all the pressures living alone out here had caused her. Instead of being on her heightened guard, listening for any sound or looking for sight of anything, she was able to look at the woods and see, for the first time, something beautiful and feel content. \"Here's where I worked last time.\" She stopped walking and surveyed the small area with cut tree stumps and limbs littering the snow, \"So, we can begin in this general area.\" He walked past her to the other side of the small clearing. She watched him raise the ax high before bringing it down squarely over a tree's trunk. Convinced he knew what he was doing, she turned and headed towards a large, downed tree. Most likely because of ice it just got too top heavy and snapped. She was in need of big, thick logs and could only get them when large trees fell. Holding her own ax high, she let it swing down in stroke after stroke. Before long, the tree lay in six good-sized pieces. Now came the more difficult part: stacking them on the wagon/sleigh. It had at one time been a child's sled, but once modified by her brothers, was very helpful for hauling heavy logs. As she walked over to it, the distinctive sound of wood-cutting could be heard and she could somewhat see Inman through the trees. Mustering her strength, she lifted the log over the edge of the wagon/sleigh. It thumped roughly on the bottom and she rolled it over to make room for more. She straightened up, grimacing, and braced her hands against her lower back. Damn—she'd forgotten to lift and carry from the knees, so her shoulder and lower back were screaming. With the pain subsiding, she faced Inman and was awe-struck. He had the ax raised up and instantly it was down, splitting a log cleanly down the middle. Time and time again, his ax fell, splitting the wood unbelievably clean. \"How did you get to be so good at that? Does it serve any practical purpose—other than proving one's skill?\" \"The wood burns faster and makes more heat. Also, the supply tends to last a bit longer.\" He stacked the freshly chopped wood and set another to be split. \"I worked odd jobs,\" SH-WOP, \"back in Cold Mountain, doing whatever,\" SH-WOP, \"needed doing.\" \"Well, that's one skill you obviously learned very well. I never knew it did any good—\" \"Can you?\" \"Can I? You mean...split wood?\" \"Yeah...can you?\" he stopped and gave her a challenging look. \"I could...at one time. I haven't done it in years.\" \"Come on...\" he set a long on the tree stump, \"It's a skill that will instantly come back.\" He stepped away and she moved forward, ax in hand. He slung his ax over his shoulder and watched to see—he believed she could. She raised the ax over her shoulder, took a deep breath, and let it go. SH-WOP. Two log halves fell on either side of the stump. Impressed, a small smile grew on Inman's face—for log splitting isn't easy and takes lots of practice. A proud smile grew quickly on her face as she turned to look at him and noticed, for the first time, his smile. \"See? It's a skill that once learned never leaves.\" \"Good thing. Now, thanks to you, I'll be able to make better use of the wood I find.\" She couldn't believe he was actually smiling. \"Good. Always glad to be of some help.\" He bent to pick up the log halves and she was so glad to have seen him smile. She thought he would look so much better if he smiled more often. Shaking those thoughts away, she returned to get the rest of the large tree she'd cut up earlier. Before too much longer, they started back for the cabin. The sun was beginning to dip behind the trees and the wood still had to be stacked and dinner cooked. The wood pile was around the back of the cabin, stacked against the wall under the overhang. Next to it grew a good sized holly bush. It looked the same all year around, no matter the season. \"The red holly berries grow here year round—for that, I am thankful. Its nice to have some color in the middle of dreary winter.\" She flipped back her loose curls and looked at Inman, whose arms were full of firewood. He silently nodded, locking eyes with her for a brief second before moving on. He said very little, and she said enough. But it worked for both of them. For it was a comfort for her to know someone was listening; for him, a comfort to hear her talk—reminded him that there just might be some goodness and sweetness left in this war-ravaged world. And even though her presence was a constant portal for thinking of Ada, Maggie's talk and pleasing smile almost seemed to temporarily cure his deep longing for her. (a while later) The stew was finished, the bread heated up and the table set. It was later than usual, night fell upon the earth and the almost-full moon shone between the trees. Sliding her arm into her jacket, she stepped out on the porch to get Inman, who had been outside for some time. \"Oooo...,\" a shiver passed through her, \"Aren't you freezing out here?\" He said nothing, but continued looking at the night sky. \"What can you see?\" She asked, looking up at the shining stars. He turned and looked briefly at her, as though he just now noticed she was there, before looking up again. \"I wonder if the moon tires of watching the world.\" \"I suppose...,\" to her it seemed an odd thing to say, but yet it made her think, \"there must be some things the moon has seen that have been too horrendous or foolish..., but it has to keep watching, through the good and bad—has to still be apart of everything...\" She walked over and stood next to him, staring up at the moon herself. \"Like this war. To the moon, it must seem pointless. So much more has been lost than gained by it. People've turned feverish, many were lost—but the ones who survived remember...remember it all. I wonder...does such hurt wear away with time...or does it all stay?\" He trailed off, suddenly not believing that he was letting himself open up to her so freely. He hadn't really done that before...not even to Ada. \"We're given pain, hurt and hardships, yes...but we're given joy and happiness also. And the heart holds onto the good, and the pain of bad, with time, never stays as vivid or sharp as it once was. In time, pain fades...and joy lasts.\" How well she knew it to be true. The pain of her brothers' loss had dulled with the passing months, but the joy from the memories was as strong and real as it was when they were together as a family. Inman'd heard the same thing from the goat-herding woman, and it stuck him as odd that both these women believed in the same thing. Then, pain fading must be true...a part of him wanted to believe it, but somewhere his senses were telling him it never would be. Knowing there wasn't a way to find an answer, he lowered his eyes from the sky above, back down to earth and to Maggie's trusting hazel eyes that almost sparkled in the moonlight. \"Blame me if dinner's cold. I shouldn't have rambled on...,\" he said apologetically, turning towards the cabin. \"No—don't worry. At times, we all need someone to talk to or just someone who will listen.\" \"Or both?\" he cast her a quick glance. \"Or both.\" She agreed meeting his eyes with hers. They walked up the steps and into the cabin, a quiet understanding passing between them. \"Don't you ever get lonely out here?\" he asked as he sat at the table. \"I'd never really allowed myself to think about it—but at times, yes, I get lonely. It comes and goes...\" \"As do all things...\" \"How is it you seem to know so much?\" Immediately, she regretted asking. But he seemed to know so much about life and about people that it fascinated her. \"War...changes men—makes them see things they never saw before, and as a result, things can never look the same again. Every emotion known, and sometimes unknown, to man in present in the trenches—it changes a person...and when it ends, he wonders if he could ever go back...\" Much to her surprise he had answered. \"You'll go back—sure, things probably won't be the same. I don't know the things you saw, and I'm not pretending to—but the past does not haunt forever. When you get back to Ada, the happiness you feel with her will, over time, help the bad times to fade away.\" \"If she's even still waiting. Its been four years to the day since I left Cold Mountain.\" \"Four years is a long time...but if she ever looked at you the same way you looked at her picture, then I'll guarantee she's waiting for you.\" Her heart sunk as his eyes lit up. She'd not thought about Ada since the night he arrived when he had pulled out her photo, until now. Now, when she...she loved him. She couldn't believe she was admitting it to herself. There was no point to loving him, for soon, he would leave and she'd never see him again.... She tried desperately not to think about that day—it made her sad already and the day hadn't even come yet. She took to eating again, having shoved all her thoughts to the back of mind, hoping they would sort themselves out over time. Neither said anything more. There just didn't seem to be much else left to say. well, there ya go. review if'n ya want! the next chapter should be up hopefully pretty soon...[Chapter 5] Second to last chapter. Thank you guys so much for the reviews. They have been very much appreciated!! Well, second to last chapter (I think I said that already...oh well, got a lot on me mind.) Enjoy! Disclaimer: Still, nothing Cold Mountain belongs to me. Chapter 5: In the west He'd been out shoveling hay all morning. She hadn't thought it was that involved of an undertaking. Perhaps she'd been wrong and she was inwardly glad that she hadn't given him that job on day one, or he might have left, and she had really enjoyed his staying.... She grabbed her coat off the hook and flew out the cabin door towards the holding-barn, determined to help since she'd been the one who told him to do it. With the barn door ajar, she peeked in and saw him shoveling away at the hay, and even though the pile he'd accumulated was good sized, he'd barely made a dent on the hay that covered the holding-barn floor. \"I came to help. I didn't realize the job was so huge, I'm sorry.\" She said quickly, walking into the barn and grabbing a pitchfork from against the wall. He said nothing in response but paused from shoveling long enough to watch her find a fork and shed her heavy jacket. Even though the day itself was quite cold, she would soon get warm tossing hay. Apparently he had, for she noticed right away that he had shed his outer layers and was wearing just a thin shirt, partially unbuttoned, over his long-sleeved undershirt. To her, he looked good, clean-shaven, but with two days worth of stubble, tousled light brown hair and two brilliant green eyes that, despite the hurt they harbored, were still captivating. She stood beside him and began heaving hay from the ground, up into the pin; ground, pin; ground, pin; ground, pin. \"If you do it that way for too much longer, you're bound to tire out quicker.\" She stopped and looked at him, surprised. \"Oh. And if you don't mind my asking, what is the proper way?\" her voice had a light, friendly tone to it, even though her words were sarcastic. \"Here...\" he propped his pitchfork deep in the hay and walked in front of her. He grasped both of her hands, which were wrapped around the pitchfork. \"Like this.\" He shifted her hands around and let her adjust to the new position. \"And...how do I use it, holding it this way?\" The position was awkward to her. She'd never held a pitchfork so sideways and didn't know how it could be possibly be of any use. \"Its more of a sideways motion then the up-down one you were using.\" He released her hands and stepped back demonstrating the motion without using a pitchfork. She watched him and honestly tried to understand what he was showing her, but with his right being her left and him sweeping to the left meant her sweeping to her right...she just couldn't follow it. \"I'm sorry. I still don't quite get it.\" She studied the fork in her hands and attempted a sideways motion. But it was obviously wrong, for he crossed around behind her. He brought his arms around her shoulders and down her arms, grasping her hands, which were on the pitchfork. \"Like this.\" He said, his voice so close to her ear. He moved his arms in the sideways-sweeping motion, and hers moved with his. After four or five sweeps, he removed his hands and backed away. \"Thank you. I get it now.\" She tired to sound composed, like she hadn't enjoyed the feel of his arms around her quite as much as she did. Her muscles, remembering the feel of the sweep, guided the pitchfork as it skewered the hay, for her mind was completely gone. His arms had been so warm around her...and of course, it was only because he was teaching her something, it would never be for any other reason. But she pushed that thought out of her mind and channeled her new-found energy from his close proximity into moving the hay, in hopes of being able to accomplish something good. (some time later) They had been at it for hours and still, the barn floor looked as though they hadn't even really tried. She glanced out the door, leaning her sweat streaked face against the pitchfork pole. The sun was slipping quietly and serenely in the west, casting its last rays upon the mountain faces, leaving in its wake soft blues, purples, pinks and oranges. \"Inman...we can't finish this job now. We should stop and go in to fix dinner—darkness will come soon.\" \"Alright.\" He picked up the fork and walked over to the far wall and leaned the fork against it, before moving to gather up his coat and heavy shirt. She did the same and waited for him by the door. \"You didn't have to come out and help. There must have been other things you needed to do.\" He said as she closed and latched the thick wooden door. \"Nah—nothing that couldn't wait. Besides, your method of hay pitching was much easier then the way I was doing it. It will without a doubt come in handy in the future.\" She cast him a thankful smile to which she was sure she saw him, ever so slightly, smirk at. \"I've some more stew for dinner. I know its been the same thing day in and day out, but it keeps well and is easy to fix, plus the bread from last night. Does that sound alright?\" \"Sounds good, 'cause I'm hungry and your stew is good.\" \"Thanks—me too.\" They reached the porch and entered the cabin just as they were beginning to get chilled by the winds that had at first been cooling them from their strenuous afternoon work. (later) She'd set the stew to warming up quietly on the stove, the bred to rising in the warm oven and Inman was at the table reading, so she sat in the rocker by the fire to rest. She ached from the afternoon of pitching hay—her right shoulder hurt even worse than normal. She raised it and gingerly moved it through a small circle. Her face turned into a grimace and she set it down against the rocker back. The chair had a most pleasant, rhythmic creak that had on occasion lulled her to an early sleep. She let her head rest against the back of the chair. Gradually, her eyes closed, exhausted from working and relaxed by the fire's heat. It wasn't until the creaking stopped, but her footprints were not to be heard, that Inman turned from his book towards her. He had never really noticed before how pretty she was. But now, in the glow of the roaring fire, it was quite clear. Her head rested back against the chair, framed by her loose curls. Her fair skin glowed golden in the firelight and emanated serenity. He rose and slowly walked over to her. He knew she must be completely exhausted to fall asleep before the day's work was finished. A thought to wake her flashed through his mind...but she looked so peaceful and content that he just couldn't bring himself to wake her. He reached his hand out and gently brushed back a stray curl. Her skin was surprisingly soft under his fingers. He hadn't thought it to be so after all the time she spent outdoors in the cold. A soft, dreamy sigh sounded from her and he pulled his hand back as she shifted in the rocker before settling into silence again. \"Sleep well Maggie.\" A small smile crept to his face as he looked her over one last time before moving away. Her eyes drifted slowly open—a small, faint light shone out of the darkness before her. It couldn't be that dark it? She sat up in the chair and looked around. Faint shadows played across the dark room. She found the light source—a small candle on the mantle...Inman. It must've been him, since she fell asleep. Dinner...oh no. She'd fallen asleep before dinner. She rose quickly, taking the candle and headed for the stove. The fires were out and things were put away and washed. He didn't.... She walked over towards the table. On a plate, in front of where she usually sat, was an apple and few slices of bread. A note lay next to it. \" For if you wake up and are hungry. –I \" Inman...she held the note close and didn't bother to hide her smile. Only Inman would've though to leave her food, what with her falling asleep before she'd even finished dinner. The more she looked at the plate, the hungrier she became. In no time, she had eaten the bread and apple, leaving behind only the apple core. She set the plate by the stove to deal with in the morning and set about to find a pencil and paper. \" Thank you. –M \" She set it against the candle holder on Inman's bedside table. Surely, he'd see it there. Realizing that she was tired still, she walked quietly to her bed and blew out the candle before falling into bed, fighting off sad thoughts of Inman's departure that would come with the rising sun. Leave a note, review or somethin' if'n ya wants. I should be able to get the last chapter up rather quickly.[Chapter 6] Here we go, last chapter. Many, many thanks to those who reviewed this story. I wasn't expecting for it to be too well liked--but you guys have honestly surprised me and encouraged me to post more stories once I get them finished. Thank you!!!!!!!! And now, last chapter.... Disclaimer: For the sixth (or is it seventh...or fifth...) time, nothing Cold Mountain is mine. Ne rien pas. Chapter 6: We have come now to the end His stay had finally come to an end. The moment her eyes drifted open, she wished it wasn't so, but she knew all things must come to an end. She rose and set languidly about her tasks. If they took her long enough, it might delay his leaving just that much longer. She had left him to sleep in, for surely that extra strength would prove helpful along this last stretch of his journey. She stopped on the porch and looked out to the east. Oranges and pinks streaked across the sky creating a brilliant and beautiful mountain morning. Clouds off to the west suggested that weather would soon move in. And the westerly breeze indicated they would reach likely there before noon. How could he possibly leave on a day like today? \"We have come now to the end...\" she muttered to herself, wishing there was a way to convince him to change his mind. She let go a melancholy sigh before pulling open the cabin door, and shutting it quickly behind her. \"Good mornin'.\" She raised her head to the voice she knew so well. \"Morning, Inman.\" He stood dressed in his traveling layers, with his loaded pack waiting by the door, his hat and jacket draped across in waiting. \"Your welcome, Maggie.\" Her smile told him she remembered last night. \"I see that you're...ready to leave.\" Her smile faded somewhat. \"Uh, yeah, I plan on heading out after breakfast.\" He said, somewhat glad to finally be on his way home...to Ada. \"Well then, I'll get started.\" She crossed the room to the stove. Heat radiated from it and a pan had been set atop it that was softly steaming. \"You...you started breakfast...?\" she asked, pleasantly surprised. \"I figured it was the least I could do to help out one last time.\" He said, trying to hide a faint flush of embarrassment. \"Thank you.\" A pleased smile grew on her face as her eyes stayed fixed on his. His eyes had lightened some, she noticed. Some of that hurt she'd seen so often had disappeared. He silently nodded his head before he turned to finish making his bed. No matter how she tried to convince herself otherwise, she loved him and would miss him more than words would ever be able to say. And it pained her to think of him leaving, but he had no business staying any longer. A silent sigh of longing escaped her before she turned back to the stove to finish breakfast. Time moved by too fast. Breakfast was over and cleaned up. After drying the last dish, he moved towards the door to gather his things. She turned from him and stared out the window, fighting back a sad sigh. The thick clouds had rolled in already, winter's full strength was about to hit, but once it had, all would turn to spring. She turned to him again with a warm smile. She resolved not to let him know how much she loved him and hated his leaving. \"You look like a true outdoorsman in your hat.\" \"Oh,\" he looked up at it, \"It works to keep the snow off my head.\" She laughed softly and noticed him trying to straighten out his jacket collar. \"Here...let me get that.\" She walked over to him, raised her hands and smoothed down his upturned collar. She looked up at him in his green eyes and neither one could seem to pull away. \"Well, I should...uh, be going.\" He broke their gaze and turned towards the door, trying not to think about that look in her eyes. \"You probably should before it gets much later—or the snows start to fall.\" She followed him out onto the porch that was now shadowed by the thick clouds. \"Don't worry.\" She said. He turned at the bottom of the stairs with a confused look in his eyes. \"You'll get there...to Cold Mountain. I know you will.\" Her smile reflected the hope and trust that he'd come to know over his stay. She blamed no one for her surroundings and kept living day by day with that genuine nature. And for that, he respected her beyond words. But for all she knew, there was one thing he had been able to help her learn, that it isn't weak or wrong to accept help from others. \"Good luck. And thank you so much for your help.\" She smiled and extended her hand to him. She didn't think he'd take too kindly to a hug, having only willingly touched her yesterday, and she didn't want awkward last memories of him. Inwardly impressed by her, he reached out his hand and grasped hers firmly. \"Your welcome. I'm glad I was able to be of some use.\" He released her hand and she looked with her longing hazel eyes into his green. \"Thank you Maggie, for everything.\" He said quietly before leaning closer to her and placing a soft kiss on her cheek. Her eyes instantly lit up. He took a step back and turned as if to go. \"Inman. Would you kiss me again?\" She asked quickly before she could stop herself. He faced her again, looped his arm around her waist and pressed his lips gently against hers in a sweet, warm kiss that she would remember always. He withdrew slowly, moved his arm from around her and stepped back, ready to leave. \"Bye Inman.\" Her voice was laced with sadness, and it sounded as though she were on the verge of tears, yet a smile formed on her face. A small smile, his trademark silent, quick nod, and he turned away from her, slinging his pack over his shoulder. That look on her face was almost enough to break his heart—he had seen it once before. It was the same look he saw on Ada's face when he'd left Cold Mountain, and he hoped he would never have to see one like it again. She thought she could feel tears forming in the corners of her eyes just at the sight of him walking on in his life...and out of hers. Lazily, her hand rose to her cheek and brushed tenderly the skin that still tingled from his first kiss. She could have easily asked him to stay with her. Lord knows she desperately wanted to. But that surely would bring him more pain—knowing that he was breaking her heart by leaving to return to a woman who might have forgotten him completely. And Maggie couldn't do that to him—he had enough hurt swirling around his green eyes. But her last look, in his mind, showed clearly that she was torn by his leaving. And he couldn't stay, he knew that as well as she did. His true love lay in Cold Mountain, and so did his true happiness. If you love someone enough, you want them to be happy, even if it means not being with you—she understood this and let him go. The winter wind whipped wildly about her and snowflakes fell every which way, but she cared not—her mind and heart were with him who was walking away. He stopped at the forest's edge and looked back—she still stood on the porch steps in the lightly falling snow, with a hand resting on her cheek. He raised his hand in the air and gave her a quick wave. Her hand rose up and sent a return wave to him. He then turned and disappeared amongst the trees. Her hand sank reluctantly down to her side—now he was gone. At that instant, the bitter chill of the winter's morn hit full strength. The heavier winter snows fell suddenly in thick sheets. She crossed up the steps, shivering and casting hopeful glances over her shoulder in hopes that Inman had changed his mind and come back. ...but no such luck. He was gone—but the past five days would live forever in her memory...and his kiss. A soft, dreamy smile spread across her face as she reveled in the remembered feel of his arm around her and the warmth of his kiss. With that feel of his lips upon hers lasting a lifetime, she turned and headed into the cabin to pray and hope for his safe journey, his happiness and hers. end. ","Summary":" Author's Note: First fanfic ever. I saw Cold Mountain and have read the book a few times and my hea"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"My Soul To Take My version","Author":"RiCkId","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8146221","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If anybody had read what i posted under my version of my soul to take... I'm too it down it was not suppose to be posted yet. I was not done writing the filler chapter. Plus I was still editing what I had already written. You see I leave my fan fiction account logged in on my computer and my older brother got on my computer and thought he should post it because he thought I was finish with it. Anyways I will be reposting the finished and edited filler within the next 24 hours I promise. I also have a lot going on right now. My school is about to let out so I have exams to take. Plus my mom is wanting me to start packing up my room and help her pack other rooms in the house. And I also have numerous doctor appointments that I have to go to. So on second thought I'll have it back up within the next 48 hours. In other words I'll have it up by Saturday. I promise if you read it and liked it, if I don't get to post it till Saturday i will make sure to have the first real chapter up with it as well promise. Love, RiCkId[Chapter 2] \"Bug hurry up we're going to be late. You know how Brandon is.\" I say trying to get my best friend Bug to hurry up so we would not be late for Ripper night. \"Okay Ricki, I'm coming just give me a minute.\" Bug says pulling a t-shirt over his head then slipping a jacket on over it. \"Alright let's go\" he says quietly pushing me towards the window. I slip back out his bedroom window and easily climb down to the ground with Bug behind me. We take off walking towards the river where everybody including our best friends Alex, Jay, and Jerome were already. \"I swear Bug you take longer than my dead grandmother.\" I say smiling and playfully pushing him so he knows I'm joking. \"Whatever be quite\" he says as we near the clearing. Brandon is calling out the names of the Riverton Seven. \"Jerome King, Alex Dunkelman, Jay Chan, Bug Hellerman...Hellerman?\" We walk through the woods and somebody says \"About time.\" \"It's okay Bug takes a little longer cause he's a little slower.\" He says earning laughs from all of the High School students. \"Stop being a dickhead Brandon!\" I tell him extremely pissed just this one night why can't he lay off of Bug. He ignores me and continues calling everyone out. \"Penelope Bright, Brittany Cunningham and last but not least...\"He trails off and everybody says \"Brandon O'Neil.\" I tune out while he explains everything about Abel. I tune back in when he goes to pick one of the seven. He usually nominates himself but I have a bad feeling this year. \"I personally have chosen to volunteer...volunteer Bug Hellerman that is.\" he yells. I give him a death glare satisfied to see him flinch a little bit. Then I turn to Bug to see him wide eyed like a deer caught in headlights. \"It's okay Bug. It's just a puppet. All you have to do is knock it down\" I say soothingly as the others start to chant. Alex starts chanting with them so I punch him in the chest. Then the puppet emerges from the woods instead of the water. Brandon pushes Bug towards it and he almost stumbles. Bug stares up at it then stumbles back to my side again. \"I can't do this\" he says quickly sounding scared to death. Then Penelope yells cops. \"Shit its Patterson. Jay help Jerome. Alex move or we're leaving you!\" I say all but dragging Bug into the woods. Once he starts running on his own I let him go, but unfortunately Jay pushes Jerome so he doesn't run into a tree and Jerome ran into Bug knocking him into the lake. \"Bug grab our hands\" I say as Alex and I extend our hands to pull him out, we pull him out and hide behind a log. Alex and the other three go on about how awesome that was as Jay gives his jacket to Bug since he's soaking wet. I watch the cops pick up the puppet and look around. Then I hear Jay and Jerome say I got to go. \"Be careful.\" I tell them before they walk off. Me, Bug, and Alex crawl into the woods then stand up and walk towards Alex's house. I notice Bug shaking so I wrap my arm around his waist hoping it will help. \"Dude Quint will kill me if he catches me out this late.\" Alex complains as we walk towards his house. \"Well get up there before he catches you\" I tell him using my free arm to push him towards his house. Once he disappears through the window me and Bug head towards his house. \"So I take it it's okay for me to stay over.\" I say as we walk in silence. \"Yeah\" Bug says quietly. The rest of the fifteen minute walk to his house was filled with a comfortable silence. We climb up onto the roof and in through Bugs open window. Not even bothering to change into a pair of Bugs shorts like I normally do I flop onto his bed and am instantly asleep. I wake up the next morning and see Bug sitting at his desk. \"Did you even go to sleep last night?\" I ask him worriedly. I can't help but worry about Bug even though I probably sound like his mother. \"Yeah a little but not much. I was working on mine and Alex's puppet.\" he explains nodding towards a duffel bag. I just yawn and grab my clothes out of my bag and go take a shower. When I get out and go into Bugs room I can hear him in the bathroom across the hall so I walk to Fangs room to see if she left already. I open her door and see her bedroom empty. Of course she left already, she always leaves at 6:45 just so she doesn't have to see Bug. I walk back to Bugs room and see him talking to Alex. \"Hey when did you get here?\" I ask him confused. \"Like two minutes ago\" he says then Bug throws the duffel bag out the window. \"What was that?\" Alex asks Bug pointing out the window. \"The sock puppet\" Bug says then motions for me to climb out the window. \"Sock puppet on steroids.\" Alex says as they follow me out the window. \"Something like that except you where it this time.\" Bug says to Alex as we climb down to the ground \"What the hell do you mean wear it?\" Alex asks him as the two of them turn to walk into the woods, but I don't follow them. It had been a while since Bug and Alex spent some quality guy time together. So I just continued walking to school and soon Jerome came up and put his hand on my shoulder. \"Hey Jerome\" I say making sure there's nothing in front of him. \"Hey Ricki. Where's Alex and Bug?\" he asks me sounding a little worried. I don't even ask how he knows that they aren't here. Even though he's blind it's like he has super hearing. \"I'm not sure they disappeared into the woods a little while ago.\" I explain looking at Jerome. Before he can say anything else the two boys we were talking about walked up. Bug is talking on a little orange phone to May. \"Is Ricki with you?\" she asks Bug, I hear her since he has her on speaker phone. \"Yes mom she's standing right beside me\" he explains to her. \"Good well make sure she stays out of trouble today\" she says stiff ling a giggle. \"Hey that's not fair May. I'm an angel.\" I complain with a completely straight face. But I look at Alex and we both bust out laughing at the same time. \"Ricki you're as much of an angel as Alex\" she says not even trying to stifle her giggles this time. Ignoring a complaint from Alex, she says \"Anyway I have to go Happy Birthday all of you including you Ricki even though its a little late.\" We all say thanks may except Bug who says Thanks mom. I also add \"It's alright May.\" She then continues to say \"Alright I have to go Love you Ricki. Love you Bug. Bye sweethearts.\" \"Love you to May/Mom\" both me and Bug say at the same time. May hangs up and Bug looks at Alex and says \"Um how do you\" Alex takes the phone and tells him \"You press the little read button and Boom\" then flips it shut and looks at it. \"Small\" he says looking the little orange phone over. \"Is that a bad thing\" Bug asks taking the phone back and looking at the numbers taped on the back. \"No it's a really good thing\" Alex says right as Jerome's older sister walks up. \"Jerome. Move Dunkleman\" she barks at Alex then turns on Jerome. She just nods quickly at me showing she acknowledged my present. \"See you later Jerome\" Bug and Alex say as they walk towards the front of the school. \"Bye Jerome\" I tell him tapping his shoulder quickly before jogging to catch up with the other two boys. Officer Ramirez stopped us about the bag. Bug told him it was project and what class it was for and that it was sixth period. Ramirez wrote it down and took the bag as we walked off one of Fangs minions stopped me wanting to talk. The boys keep walking ahead of me. I stop and talk to the girl while keeping an eye on Alex and Bug. Fang is always trying to separate us so she can send Brandon to beat the shit out of them. Sure enough about two minutes later Brittany walked by and distracted Bug and Alex. \"Shit\" I say under my breathe I could already hear Bug in my head saying \"That's a bad word.\" I push past the girl and make it to the boys right as Brandon punches Alex in the stomach making him fall to the ground. I walk up beside Bug who's holding his arm and push Brandon back. \"Back off Brandon\" I say glaring at him. \"Or what\" he asks cockily smirking at Alex who was still lying on the ground. \"Fang may have you wrapped around her finger Brandon. But all I have to do is say you tried to hit me and she will make your life a living hell\" I threaten him. He backs off knowing that it's the truth. As he walks off Alex hollers \"Thanks Brandon that felt good. Brandon replies with \"Ass wipe.\" But of course since this is Alex Dunkleman he had to holler back \"But no as good as your mother felt last night.\" I'm tempted to kick him in the face my self, but am distracted by Brandon storming back towards us. He's stopped by Penelope yelling at him. After five minutes she's done yelling at him. He turns to Alex and says \"When you least expect it Dunkleman\" then walks off. Alex just flips him off still trying to catch his breath. I turn just in time to see Penelope kiss Bug on the check and say \"Pray for our souls Bug he's coming back\" \"Who Jesus?\" Bug asks confused. \"We could only be so lucky.\" she says then turns to Alex \"Rise up and protect you loins Alex.\" then turns to leave. \"Ugh...Lets get to class\" I say pulling Alex up to his feet. Gosh I hate this if I don't have Penelope majorly crushing on Bug. I have Bug worshiping the ground Brittany walked on. I can't catch a break between the girls and Brandon trying to beat the shit out of Bug. I tune the boys conversation out till I here Alex say \"We're men now. The better you fake it the more of a man you are\" I snap my gaze to glare at Alex. \"What\" he asks like he doesn't know why I'm glaring at him. \"Don't listen to him Bug.\" I say still glaring at Alex. \"But I want to be a man\" Bug says innocently. I turn to face Bug stopping all three of us walking at the same time. \"Bug you don't need to be a man right now. You'll become a man in your own time. For now how about you just be my Bug\" I say patting his cheek. I faintly hear Alex snicker about the My Bug part but I ignore him. I don't give Bug time to say no or I don't know I link my arm with his and say \"Come on lets get to class I don't Dunkleberry over there feeling you're brain with any more ideas.\" nodding towards Alex. I smile at him showing that I'm just trying to cheer Bug up. The day fly's by quickly and before I know it I'm walking into sixth period Biology with Bug and Alex. Bug keeps rubbing his temples like his head is hurting. \"Bug are you getting a migraine?\" I ask him worrying again for the umpteenth time. \"No I'm fine.\" he says curtly making his way to his desk at the back of the class. I look at Alex confused but he just shrugs. We make our way to our desks which are on either side of Bugs. We sit down and wait for the teacher to call the boys up to do their presentation on the California condor. The teacher calls Bug and Alex to the front of the class. Bug gets up and follows Alex to the front but is still rubbing his head. He tries to start but ends up stopping. The teacher asks if he's having one of his migraines he says no. All of the Sudden I get a very bad feeling. Bug snaps his head up quickly and begins to speak. His voice is completely different; it's deeper and not so unsure sounding. He grabs a hold of Alex's shoulder who is currently wearing the condor costume and says \"Fly now.\" Alex takes off running around the classroom sweeping his wings over people's heads. Bug is constantly spitting out facts but when the teacher stops him. Alex stops running and stands in front of me and cocks his head to the side. I just smile and tune into what the teacher is saying to Bug. He says \"Bug stop.\" Bug's voice is back to normal when he says \"It's okay Mr. something it's just for the presentation.\" The teacher nods silently telling him to continue. \"The condor can consume a full cow within a single hour\" Bug booms, buts interrupted by Brandon. \"Bullshit\" Brandon says from his seat in the second row. Alex snaps his hand around towards Brandon and leaps forward hissing at the people and the jump back away from him. When he's standing directly in front of Brandon Bug continues. \"And if anybody so much as touches one...just one of its feathers..\" when he says this Brandon reaches out and plucks one of the feathers off of the costume. \"What are you gonna do. Are you gonna bite me?\" he asks Alex tossing the feather down. Alex makes a noise that sort of sounds like a nuh uh and a little thing drops down and green stuff is sprayed all over Brandon. \"The bird pukes profoundly on its tormentor.\" Bug booms again and steps back as Brandon tackles Alex. The teacher grabs a hold of Brandon trying to get him off of Alex. \"But if that doesn't work the condor always has a second back up defense. Bottle number two Alex.\" Bug says and brown stuff is squirted all over Brandon. Then Bug starts choking and gagging so the teacher writes him a slip to leave. I jump up from my seat where I've been frozen the entire time and run to the teacher's desk. \"Just go\" he says clearly annoyed about the way the presentation turned out. Making sure to avoid both liquids I run out the door and down to the boy's bathroom door. I look around to make sure nobody's in the hall and slip inside. I walk up behind Alex while he's talking to Bug. \"Bug are you okay?\" I ask him causing Alex to jump a little bit. I look at Bug's face and see that he looks really frightened. \"Bug what's wrong you look like you saw a ghost\" I ask him scared that he might pass out. Apparently ghost was the wrong word because Bug just paled even more. \"Uh, Um, I'll tell you in the courtyard meet me there after school. Okay?\" he ask/tells me. \"Okay feel better\" I say then slip back out the door and walk to my last class of the day. My last class is free period so when I walk into the door and see my teacher with his feet propped on his desk I decide I'm not staying. \"Hey Mr. T I'm gonna go hangout with Bug\" I say not even bothering to walk past the doorway. \"Okay just don't get into any trouble.\" he says waving his hand dismissing me. I walk back into the empty hallway and walk towards the open court yard. I'm walking down the hallway when I hear Bug and Alex talking in hushed tones. I sneak up to the corner where they're standing. I hear Fang say \"his only friend is Dunkelman and he just uses Bug as his monkey\" it sounded like she was on a phone. I hear a click then its quiet for a moment. Then they start mocking each other. \"Bug! Bug! BUG!\" Alex yells with Bug copying him and then there's a smack sound. \"What happened\" Bug asks Alex confused. \"Nothing\" Alex says quietly. \"Do you think I'm a monkey Alex?\" Bug asks innocently. \"Have you ever killed people Bug\" Alex asks Bug instead of answering his question. \"Not that I can remember\" Bug says sounding said. \"Well I don't ever remember buying you bananas.\" Alex tells him. \"Alright now go get your phone\" he says a little louder. \"What are you fucking crazy\" Bug whisper yells. I have to stop myself from gasping. Bug doesn't cuss, he always corrects me and Alex when we do. I walk backwards a little and hide behind the lockers as Bug runs into the girls bathroom. I look up when I hear the click of heals. \"Hey Brittany. What's up? How have you been? Where's Fang?\" I ask running to stand between her and the bathroom that Bug still hadn't come out of. She ignores me and walks into the bathroom anyways. Three minutes later there's loud screams coming from the bathroom. Brittany runs out and then Bug run's out. Alex walks around the corner but stops in his tracks when he see's me. I round on him...[Chapter 3] \"I can't believe you Alex. Bug has enough problems in this school with out you talking him into sneaking into the girls bathroom. You know I try my best to get Fang to keep Brandon off both of your asses. But Alex you're making that a really hard job recently. It kills me to know that not only is Brandon hurting you two, Quint is constantly beating the shit out of you, and Fang is constantly pushing Bug around and soon will probably beat the shit out of him. I just can't believe you. Know I'm gonna have to deal with the fact that Brittany will probably tell the whole FUCKING school that Bug's a pervert. Damn isn't it bad enough that not only do I have to take beatings from my mom. I have to worry about you two!\" I yell at him. I'm so mad that I forget that Bug is right behind me. \"Ricki?\" Bug asks quietly. Calming down immediately I turn to face Bug. \"What is it Bug?\" I ask him sighing. \"Don't blame Alex. I wanted to know what Brittany thought about me\" he says fiddling with the bottom of his shirt. \"Bug\" I sigh then turn to Alex. \"I'm sorry I yelled at you. Can you wait for us at the courtyard?\" I ask him smiling slightly. He nods and walks off. I turn back around and walk to stand directly in front of Bug. \"Bug what all did you hear Fang and the other girls say?\" I ask him looking up at his face . \"That Alex thinks imp a monkey. That imp a lump of coal compared to Brandon. That I've been in institutions and that I've killed people. She also said...\" Bug trails off looking at his feet. Gently taking bugs chin I lift his face back up \"what else Bug\" I ask him. \"She said you didn't really care about me\" he says looking everywhere but at me. Without a hesitation I pull Bug into a tight hug. \"Bug you know none of that is true. Alex loves you like a brother. You couldn't hurt a fly much less kill somebody. You're also ten times better than Brandon could ever be. You're sweet, kind, fun, & loving\" I pause and hug him tighter burying my face in his chest. \"& I love you more than anything else in the world\" I finish my rant, mentally noting to slap Fang later. I faintly hear Bug murmur \" I love you too\" I pull back and smile at him smile at him. He smiles sadly then asks \"Ricki what if I actually did kill somebody would you still be here?\" I look up and see him staring at me with a look I've never seen on his face before. \"Bug what's wrong. Are you okay Hun?\" I ask him my voice barely above a whisper. When he answers his voice is deep again. \"Nothings wrong I'm perfectly fine\" he says in a deep gravely voice taking a step closer to me. I instinctively take a step back but am pushed against the lockers as he steps even closer. \"What's wrong Ricki you aren't scared of me are you?\" he asks smirking down at me. \"Um no\" I say sounding unsure. He smirks then without warning smashes his lips against mine. I forget what's happening for a minute and actually kiss him back. I feel him push me against the lockers harder. I realize what's happening when I feel him rest his hands on my hips. \"Bug stop it\" I say against his lips. He ignores me and kisses down my neck. \"Bug please stop\" I all but beg. I freak out when his hands slip under my shirt and glides over my stomach. I put my hands against his chest and push him off. \"Adam Stop!\" I yell and watch him snap out of it. \"What happened?\" he asks the notices my swollen and probably busted lips. \" Oh my god ricki what happened to your lips and neck?\" he asks stepping towards me. My hand flies up to cover my lips. \"Nothing. Bug I'll se you at your house later\" I say and take off running out the school doors I run to Bugs house thanking god that neither May or Fang were home. I climb onto the roof and through his open window. \"Something's not right. I have a bad feeling that Penelope might be right.\" I say to myself. I hear the door downstairs slam and hear Fang yell \"I'm home.\" I walk out into the hall and wait for her to come up the stairs. \"Nobody's home yet. But I need to talk to you\" I tell her when she comes up the stairs. She nods and walks to her room I follow her. \"Something is really wrong Leah\" I say using her real name. \"What do you mean?\" she asks me. \" Something happened to Bug today and to tell you the truth it was so bad I was scared of him\" I tell her not even bothering to hide the fact that I had been scared of Bug. \"Tell me what happened\" she demands immediately. I sit down at her desk and explain leaving out the phone part. \"Me and Bug we're talking and he asked me if he had killed people would I still be with him. When I looked at his face he was staring at me like I was food or something. I asked if he was okay and when he said he was his voice was really deep and gravelly. He stepped towards me so I stepped back against the lockers. Hr asked if I was scared of him and I said no. Then he kissed me that's why my lips are swollen. I told him to stop but he didn't listen he started kissing my neck. I tried telling him stop again but he didn't listen and he put his hand under my shirt on my stomach. I finally pushed him and yelled Adam stop. He shook is head and was back to normal. He had no clue what had happened he started freaking out about my lips and neck\" I tell her quickly afraid Bug or May would be home any minute. My head snaps towards Leah after she's quite for five minutes. \"You can't tell Bug that's what he did. He'd be completely shattered if he knew he hurt you. Even though you would've liked it if it was the regular Bug\" she says after a minute. \"I know and there's the normal Fang..always with some witty remark\" I tell her smiling. I stand up then remember something. \"oh and Fang.\" I say standing there looking at the ground. \"Yeah?\" she asks me still sitting on her bed. \"I do care about Bug no matter what he's done or will do\" I say looking her in the eyes. Not waiting for a reply I go back into Bugs room and wait for him. About an hour goes by before I hear Bug come in the front door. I know its Bug because May had came in earlier. I listen to their muffled voices. I hear Fang go down the stairs, then back up, then back down again. She's down there for five minutes before I hear May yell at bug to go to his room. I hear him run up the stairs. He opens the door and is holding the rocking horse his dad made him. \"Bug where did you get that!\" I ask loudly. He doesn't seem fazed by the fact that I'm here and simply says \"Leah gave it to me\" I storm by him and am about to yank the door open when he pulls me back. \"Please don't go down there mad at Leah\" he says holding my wrist. Sighing I go and sit back on his bed. Just then Leah comes storming back up stairs before I can stop him bugs out in the hallway. I decide to let him talk to her until I hear a thud. I run into the hallway and see Bug on the ground Fang looming over him.\" Why?\" Bug asks her. \"Why. I will tell you why maggot. From the moment you were born everything went to shit for me. You were the miracle baby and I was the painful reminder. You've been living in this dream and I GOT SUCKED INTO A FUCKING NIGHTMARE!.I am sick to death of your innocence it is an insult to me\" she screams at him. I look at Bug and he has blood down his face. My head snaps towards Leah when she says \"Do you know who Abel Plenkov is?\" \"Leah don't do it\" I warn her stepping closer and kneeling by Bug. \"He needs to know\" She tells me then continues. \"Do you know?\" she asks Bug. He nods and says \"The Riverton Ripper\" Bug answers her. \"Who else was he?\" she asks again. \"I don't know\" Bug says sounding like a child. \"Take a look in the mirror Bug\" She says then slams her bedroom door closed. \"You knew?\" Bug ask looking up at me. \"Bug I'm so sor...\" I'm cut off b may coming up the stairs asking \"Is Leah okay I heard screaming?\" \"Leah's fine\" Bug says standing and walking to his room. \"Are you okay?\" She asks him. \"I know you're not my mom. But like it or not you're stuck with me\" Bug tells her. I look at May and see the tears in her eyes. I slip beside bug and into his room. He closes the door and leans against it. \"Bug I'm so sorry I didn't tell you about Abel. I just didn't know how and I guess I didn't want you to know.\" I explain looking at my hands. Ignoring my explanation her pulls me off the bed and pushes me in the closet \"stay until I come get you\" He tells me, I do as I'm told. I'm in the closet for five minutes before i hear Alex come through Bugs window. \"Have you heard?\" Alex asks him. \" I've heard. I've heard a lot .\" Bug says. \"What do you mean Bug?\" Alex ask him. \"the Riverton ripper Abel Plenkov was My father\" Bug tells him. \"I know\" Alex says sounding extremely guilty. \"You do?\" bug questioned him. I quietly sit down on the floor of the closet. \"the parents of all the seven know. i think me and ricki are the only kids. My mother told me the day she died.\" he explains to Bug. \"Why didn't anyone tell me?\" Bug asks. \"Sorry we thought you were to..i don't know\" he trails off. \"Innocent.\" Bug supply's. \"I guess\" Alex says sounding nervous.\" well I'm not anymore\" Bug says. I tune them out for minute until I hear Bug pick something up. \"what is that.\" Alex asks sounding a little scared. \"The biggest knife I could find in the kitchen...\" he pauses and Alex's says bug But Bug keeps talking \"What would you say if I told I was going to kill you Alex?\" I put my hand over my mouth to keep from gasping. \"Id say you weren't\" Alex tells him. \"Why not?\" bug asks him. \"Because you're my best friend. you're Bug\" Alex says confidently. \" now you ask me\" Bug says. I quietly sigh in relief. Then Alex asks him \"you don't think I can kill somebody?\".\" No\" bug says confidently. \"You'd be wrong Bug. Dead Wong\" Alex says. Bug gasps the asks something that almost brings me to tears. \"You killed Penelope and Jay and the others?\" he asks. Oh no he's back is all I can think before I hear Alex slam the knife down on Bugs desk. \"Of course not ...I killed my stepfather.\" \"You killed Quint?\" Bug asks. \"He was drunk He hit me and for the first time in my life I hit him back. He fell down the stairs and broke his stupid neck\" Alex says sounding close to tears. \"Alex Its okay, okay\" Bug says trying to comfort him. \"NO IT'S NOT OKAY. WHAT I DID. ITS NOT OKAY FOR EVERBODY TO BE KILLING EACH OTHER ALL THE TIME!\" he yells. Bug reverts back to his always caring self. \"Do you want something to drink?\" Bug asks him quietly. \"You got rat poison?\" Alex asks him. \"Nope we just ran out of rat poison I'll go get you some water\" Bug says then I hear him leave. I hear somebody else come through the window. I stand up and crack the closet door just in time to see the ripper stab Jerome. I gasp and he spins around. I take my chances and rush out of the closet and almost make it to the bedroom door. He grabs me and spins me around. \"Where do you think you're going you bitch?\" he asks plunging the knife into my stomach. I pretend like I pass out. He hears something and drops me to the ground behind the bed and runs out. I hear fighting down stairs. Ten minutes later I hear somebody come through the window. I open my eyes and see Jerome. \"Jerome\" I whisper. \"Ricki?\" he asks walking towards my voice. He bumps into the chair and it falls to the floor. \"get in the closet\" I tell him and he quickly makes his way into the closet. I move a little so it looks like I tried to move and bleed out. I close my eyes as soon as the ripper runs in the door. He assumes I'm dead and jumps out of the window when he hears Bug run up the stairs. I crack my eyes open just in time to see Bug walk back out of the bedroom. He goes down the hall then comes back in the bedroom. \"Bug the closet\" I say trying to prop my self against the wall. He opens the door and Jerome comes out swinging. \"Jerome jerome it's me\" Bug says making Jerome stop swinging and feel of his face. Jerome then falls to the floor. I don't here what either of them are saying because I'm to busy trying to stay awake. I look up when I hear Bug punch the floor. \"Bug\" I say my voice just above a whisper. He stands and walks to me. Kneeling beside me he says \"You'll be okay Ricki helps coming.\" I reach my hand up and touch his cheek \"Bug you know who it is now\" I tell him letting my hand fall to my side. I close my eyes right before Alex climbs in through the window. \"Ricki? Wake up! WAKE UP!\" he yells shaking. I have to make them think I'm dead. \"What happened to Jerome and Ricki. They're dead?\" Alex asks Bug. Bug gently touches my cheek as he says \"The Ripper got them. Alots happened since you've been gone. Where'd you disappear to?\" Bug asks. \"I saw Patterson pulling up outside I ran. I hid in the woods. then I heard gun shots so I came back I was afraid he shot you or something. where is he anyway\" Alex says. \"downstairs dead\" \"what. What happened?\" \"The Ripper happened he killed mom too\" \"I can't believe this you went to get me a glass of water and now your mom, patterson,ricki and Jerome are dead. Where were you?\" \"I ran into Penelope\" \"Penelope is dead bug\" \"I saw her in the bathroom mirror. She brought me Rippers knife and she made me take it. Then I heard something downstairs and I went to come check on you and you were gone. Patterson wasn't after you he was after me. He thought that I killed Brittany and my mom. It was the Ripper.\" Bug says. \"and where's the ripper now?\" Alex asks bug. \"I guess he got away out my window or went out Leah's hers is open too. Then he tried to stab me to death with his...\" \"stab you with what\" \"With his knife\" \"I thought you had his knife\" \"I did but..\" \"Did you kill them bug\" \"What! No I didn't kill anybody\" Bug starting to forget who the killer is. Alex is confusing him. \"not that you remember\" he pauses \"Bug I gotta tell you something. Don't get upset. Your father was first diagnosed with Schizophrenia when he was sixteen just like you are now\" Bug interrupts him \" What are you saying\" \"Its hereditary plus you were in your dead mom forever oxygen deprivation can make you crazy too maybe all of this stuff you've been describing didn't happen exactly the way your saying it did\" \"you think I'm crazy?\" \"No I don't know what I think. But I'm not walking away. I've stuck by you through everything. Though nightmares and migraines hell puking vultures. When everybody else was calling you a ticking time bomb. So if you're not innocent anymore that's okay. But I killed my step father tonight I'm no angel either\" \"I'm not innocent anymore Alex. Not with all of them inside me now\"[Chapter 4] \"What? With who inside you? \"The rest of the Riverton Seven even Jerome. All their souls are with me now.\" \"Bug maybe you should sit down take a few deep breaths.\" \"You think I'm crazy. I'm actually a lot smarter than I was yesterday. Let me ask you a question...Why's there blood in your left ear?\" \"What\" \"The top\" \"Ow hey\" \"Almost like you were hit with a vase or something. Brandon told me to look for that.\" \"Bug you are officially bad shit nuts. I scraped it climbing up the roof. Let's get real here.\" \"Jay says the Ripper's get up was a costume for sure. Oh and Brittany's ran a time line. You would've had enough time to kill mom and put the knife in the bathroom sink while I was hiding under the bed and Leah was outside. If Jerome came while I was getting you water you would've had enough time to stab him and Ricki then go downstairs and kill Patterson. You might have tried to kill too. Bug if you heard them upstairs you would've had to get up there before they called the cops\" \"I could've killed you off earlier remember. Bug you've watched one too many Law and Order reruns. Besides I'm a little guy you could beat me up in like ten seconds.\" \"Unless you had the bad soul in you. Then you'd fight like you were possessed.\" \"I can't fucking believe you. You're Adam Plenkov son of a mass murder! Everybody in your house and all of your friends except me have been murdered! If there's a bad soul here you have it and you got it from your father. Maybe you have been in institutions maybe you have killed people just in your past life, and you're just to stupid to see it! Maybe they'll find your Ripper costume buried with you stupid condor outfit. And then they will come for you with torches.\" \"What. I didn't bury any Ripper costume with my condor.\" \"Somebody did...\" \"You son of a...\" I open my eyes and see Bug attack Alex. But Alex punches him then slams him against the wall beside me. He grabs his hair and holds the knife close to Bug's face. \"Evil doesn't forget betrayal Plenkov. You and the other six offed me then ran away like cowards. Jumped into the first babies you could hide in. I saved you for last. And I'll kill you now or you can say yes to a deal\" \"What deal?\" Bug asks wincing as Alex pushes off of him. \"The same one I offered your father sixteen years ago today. Say yes you live say no and I'll cut your throat.\" he says turning the knife around in his hand. I reach out and grab Bugs ankle. \"Don't do it Bug\" I tell him looking up at him from the floor. Both of them look down at me. Alex kicks me and says \"Shut up you little bitch.\" Ignoring what I said Bug asks him \"What deal?\" \"My happy ending to the Riverton's fairytale. There was no Ripper just one of the Riverton Seven who was a little crazy dressed up like the Ripper. Killed your mom, Patterson\" ,pointing at me he continues, \" your precious Ricki, and four of his birth mates before we stopped him.\" \"One of the Riverton Seven.\" Bug says sounding confused. \"The one of the seven with the bad soul.\" he says pointing at Jerome with the knife. \"Jerome\" Bug says surprised. \"Great twist uh, everyone thinks you were the killer but turns out the attacks came from a totally unexpected direction.\" \"You'd lay all of this on Jerome?\" Bug asks him shock written all over his face. \"He won't mind he's dead. You and me will be main street hero's helping each other forge a new beginning, recovering from our tragic loses. Friends to the end. Deal?\" \"You're pathetic. I don't even think your Alex. I don't know who you are\" Alex knee's him and pushes him onto the desk. \"Bug\" I say trying to stand up. \"I'm the one that's going to kill you if you don't say yes. Then I'll say you did it and I'll be the hero all by myself\" \"Leah saw the whole fight she'll vouch for me\" Bug defends. \"Leah doesn't live through the nigh that's part of the deal too.\" \"Whoever or whatever you are get out of Alex and go back to hell where you came from\" \"Okay but I'll take you with me\" Alex says as he lunges to stab Bug. Bug stabs Alex in the stomach with the kitchen knife that was on his desk. \"I thought that guy would never leave.\" Alex says. \"Alex?\" Bug asks. \"Where's the biggest knife in the kitchen?\" Alex asks Bug staring over his shoulder at me. \"Where it needs to be\" Bug says. Bug pulls the knife out and lays Alex down on the floor. I crawl over to them. \"Condor\" Alex says looking up at Bug. \"Crow\" Bugs says back to him tears welling in his eyes. \"It's alright Bug it feels great\" Alex says trying to be strong. \"Feels fucking great\" Bug says smiling a little. I grab Alex's hand and squeeze it. \"I'm so sorry Ricki\" Alex apologizes. \"It's okay it doesn't hurt to bad\" I reassure him even though it feels like a hot iron is being stuck to my insides. \"Fucking great\" Alex says to Bug then stops breathing. \"Fly now\" Bug says to Alex. He then comes to help me stand. I put one arm around his neck while the other is pressed against my stomach to stop the bleeding. Police burst through the front door as we make our way down the stairs. The EMT's stop us in the living room. \" We need to treat your wounds\" they tell us and pull us apart. A woman EMT has me raise my shirt so she can clean and wrap the stab wound in my stomach. My eyes never leave Bug who is getting the same thing done to all of his cuts. When they're done we both walk outside my arm around his neck again. People start snapping pictures as soon as we step out of the house. Leah had told them everything Bug was going to be celebrated as a hero. I let go of him as a cop points out Leah in the crowd of people. I turned and began to walk away as he hugged his sister. Silently slipping out of Bug and Leah's lives. Nobody notices me as I walk down the dark road. I'm halfway down the road when I hear somebody yell \"RICKI!\" I look back and see Bug running after me. \"Where are you going?\" he asks when he reaches me. \"Away\" I say turning to walk off again. He grabs my arm, spinning me around, and pulling me into a hug. I wrap my arms around his neck. \"Why?\" he asks his voice slightly muffled since he buried his face in my hair. Sighing I start to tell him \"Bug...\" but he interrupts me. \"You can't leave me Ricki. I need you now more than ever.\" Bug whispers. \"I...\" I go to speak again but he cuts me off again. \"No listen. Ricki you and Leah are all I have left. I don't know what I'll do if both of you left. Leah's probably going to leave in a couple of months. Please don't leave me. You can't leave me. Promise.\" he says pulling back to look me in the face. \"I promise Bug. As long as you need me and want me here. I promise I'll be here\" I say then pull him into another hug. We pull away right as reporters start to shove microphones and cameras into our faces. ","Summary":" If anybody had read what i posted under my version of my soul to take... I'm too it down it was not"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"The Crow, The Condor and The Caracara","Author":"ismokerainbows","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7918896","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ashleigh Eckert was born in Riverton on August 4th 1994 at 12:00am, prematurely. She shared the birthday with The Riverton Ripper, along with seven other kids. They were all born same time, day, month and year. Abel Plenkov A.K.A The Riverton Ripper disappeared the night she was born. Legend has it, he was shot and stabbed multiple times and lived. The ambulance he was in crashed and exploded but the gurney he was strapped to, rolled under the old train bridge. Plenkov was nowhere to be found, they pronounced him dead but there was no body so he could still be alive. Ashleigh's father was one of the many victims of the Ripper's crimes. A few months after she was born her and her mother left Riverton and lived in Canada till three days before her 16th birthday. Aha that was the little prologue to this wonderful story. I was tired when I wrote this, SO SUE ME! Sorry it's short next chappie will be WAY longer, i promis. R&R; please :)[Chapter 2] CHAPTER 3 Ashleigh P.O.V My mother and I just moved to Riverton, I was originally born here. We just finished settling in and getting comfortable to watch a movie. Of course, it was a horror movie, the only movies I watch. It was getting to a really creepy part and the doorbell rang. \"Holy shit!\" I screamed. \"Get the door and watch your language Ashleigh!\" I mumbled a sorry and ran to the door. I opened it and there was a woman and a boy standing there. \"Hi, I'm May Hellerman, this is my son Adam.\" \"Call me Bug,\" The boy said quietly. May told me they lived across the street and they came to say hi and talk, you know, the whole nice neighbor stuff. My mom invited them in and her and May talked about life and school, I didn't pay attention I was too busy studying Bug. He was tall; he had captivating blue eyes and clean, blond, windswept hair. \"Want to play video games?\" I ask him. He looked at me in doubt; boy was he going to be surprised when I tell him what game. \"What kind of video games?\" \"Well, there was a certain very new, very awesome, first person shooter game I absolutely love and I've never really had anyone to play it with.\" I told him in a very sing-song voice. \"You don't mean…\" he trailed off. \"Oh I mean…\" \"CRYSUS 2!\" we screamed simultaneously. Well that's the end of this chapter! It's longer I hope you like it ! R&R; please! ALSO I OWN NOTHING BUT THE PLOT! lol[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 :) Ashleigh's P.O.V After we played video games for a bit, I started to get a migraine. It sucks because ever since my dad died, the migraines appeared almost out of nowhere. Bug stopped the game and, asked me if I was okay. \"It's just a migraine, I'm prone to those.\" I replied rubbing the bridge of my nose. \"Me to, but mine usually lead to black outs.\" Bug told me. \"That sucks. Let's shut the game off for a bit.\" \"Okay,\" He said. I told him to hold on a second and ran to the bathroom for some Advil. I took two and walked back to my room. I plopped down on my bean bag chair. \"Fuck,\" I sighed. Bug looked at me and told me that was a bad word and I shouldn't say it. I giggled, than it escalated into a laughing fit. \"Don't laugh at me!\" \"I-I- I'm sorry B-Bug, I c-c-can't help i-hhht!\" I choked out between laughter. He smiled at me and laughed as well. After we calmed down a bit I asked Bug some questions, like, to get to know each other. It turns out I share the birthday of seven others and the Riverton Ripper, wonderful. He invited me to the Annual Ripper day memorial thing. To me it sounded like fun. I told him how my father was killed by the Ripper. Turns out he doesn't have one either, car crash he said. He told me about his sister Fang and the 'Riverton Eight.' It was getting late, 11:00, Bug and May had to leave. Mom and I had waved good bye. \"Well, 'Night mum.\" I told her as I was going up the stairs. \"Good night sweetie.\" She replied quietly. As I flopped down onto my bed after changing and brushing my teeth and stuff, I put on some music, You're Going Down by Sick Puppies. I thought about today, about the strange boy I played video games with named Bug. He was innocent, pure, untouched by the dark and depressing side of things. Something about him made me want to always protect him and make sure nothing bad EVER happens to him. 'I should get to sleep.' I thought to myself. Wow! Is it good? PLEASE TELL ME! Sorry I'm desperate for reviews. OH, OH, OH! I own nothing but the plot and Ashleigh! :)[Chapter 4] OKAY GUYS! I really appreciate all the favourites of this story! OMFG all you silent readers PLEASE REVIEW! I really need the motivation to continue this story! I'll try to update the next chapter soon It's almost done! I swear! BUT I write my stuff on my desktop computer and I'm not at home, and I'm on the laptop and UUUUGH. You guys probably thought this was going to be a chapter, HA! I WILL GET IT UP SOON and its REALLY long so…yeah… Welp, bye BabyDuckyPancakeMuffinXoXo ! 3 ","Summary":" Ashleigh Eckert was born in Riverton on August 4th 1994 at 12:00am, prematurely. She shared the bir"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"The Treacherous and The Wise","Author":"bookmistress","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6667869","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Godfrey glanced around him and cursed. He had to meet with Phillip within two days and so far he was lost and tired all at the same time. He looked back at his horse that was foraging around the tree roots for any grass or anything else that it could digest, and once again cursed his situation and the unfairness of it all. The horse could live off grass which was in abundance in this accursed forest but Godfrey was expected to survive on nothing but dry bread and stale tasting water. Godfrey could just imagine his introduction with Phillip of France (providing he got there); his majesty would be well fed with at least a dozen cooks tending to him while he would arrive looking like a filthy peasant. Oh yes. That would be a memorable introduction, Phillip would probably throw him away from the camp and invade England any without his advice. His advice and his assistance that would be crucial for the invasion to work as quickly and as successfully as possible. If it failed Godfrey would be thought of as a failure, an imbecile who ruined such a brilliant plan because he got lost in the forest, history both English and French would forever mock him all because of this damned infernal forest. With this in mind and face set like stone, Godfrey pulled his horse away from its meal and mounted. He'd be damned before he let a bunch of trees destroy his plans, and set his horse of on a gallop. As he rode he tried to take note of his surroundings so to prevent losing himself again, and he did notice that they seemed to become fewer as he rode. His hopes started to lift; he was meeting Phillip on the banks of a river and he was sure that if he kept his ears straining he would hear the tell-tale whispers of the Seine. Yes! There it was he could see the vast expanse of water from behind the trees and while his mind calculated how far he would have to go to reach Phillip, his stomach gave a rumble. Godfrey gave a sigh, well he had two more days and there should be plenty of fish. Eager to eat and be on his way he dismounted and peered over the bank; it wasn't that deep surely, he just needed a sharp stick to impale the food and he'd be gone. He turned to look at the trees hoping that he would be able to use one of the branches to catch a meal Suddenly all of Godfrey's senses were alert; he could have sworn he saw something move in the water. Something very large and very near. Never mind the stick; he'd catch it with his bare hands. He leaned forward but unfortunately he had overestimated the strength of the banks. Before he had time to muster a cry he was under the water. And it was much deeper than he had anticipated. Struggling to reach the surface he tried to remove his sheath and helmet but he was still struggling for air. The chain mail was weighing him down he knew it but he couldn't remove that. As his arms and legs were flailing wildly Godfrey would have given his soul for a breath of air. His movements started to slow and he could feel the exhaustion of his air deprived body take over. Godfrey was still sinking- sinking . . . sinking. Godfrey no longer had the strength to fight .His eyes started to close. Air. Please air . Godfrey could feel movement around him. Something was gripping his arms. They were pulling him up. Somehow he opened his eyes and saw white hands around his own. An angel? A nymph? When he could feel himself being pulled up and was still finding it hard to breathe he realised that he wasn't dead. Using his last strength Godfrey started to move his legs and arms but the hand around his arm tightened its grip. He glanced up at his saviour; a female and smaller than him certainly and yet was pulling him towards the surface with both one hand wrapped around him with relative ease. Feeling lighter than he had when he was sinking Godfrey kicked his legs to propel himself towards the surface and noted to himself that the femalehad no wings. Just as he started to feel he might pass out again from the lack of air his head broke through the surface. Gulping in huge amounts of air he let himself be dragged towards the bank by the nymph. When they reached solid ground she pulled him up using both hands and then let go, letting him crawl the rest of the way onto the bank, as soon as this was done the nymph shuffled over silently. Laying his head on the muddy ground he glanced up at her face, so he could memorise the face of the mythological creature and his saviour. Truly she must be a fey, Godfrey tried to think of all the folk stories he'd heard describing them and how one worked evils for the devil. But this creature had saved his life; surely she could not be evil . Godfrey examined her face to see if there were any abnormal features like pointed ears or strange colours in her hair or eyes. The skin was pale and stretched over high cheekbones but slightly flushed from having to pull his weight from the water; her hair which was plastered to her small head was chestnut brown which suspicious glints of another colour. Her eyes were a dark green with flecks of brown and were filled with an intense studious concentration he had only seen in experts at their art. She was panting; breathless and droplets from her hair and face spattered his face. But Godfrey was too tired to take any further observations and so when she smiled at him, he smiled back and closed his eyes.[Chapter 2] A/N Just a little note from me, anything that's in bold is what the characters are saying in English after speaking French. Italics mean thoughts and just so you all know Ciallmhar means wise in Gaelic. The first thing Godfrey noticed when he woke was the smell of something burning and the sound of a fire cracking. He then realised that he wasn't wearing his armour and he didn't know how long he had been asleep for, so he snapped his eyes open and propped himself up on his elbow. What had been burning on the fire was rather small fish over a camp fire; nonetheless it still made Godfrey's mouth water- and then his eyes hit his saviour. With an endless supply of air to his brain Godfrey could rationalize the fact that his saviour was not a nymph or mystical creature but in fact a mortal woman, Godfrey didn't know whether to feel disappointed or embarrassed at the fact that he'd believed he had been saved by a nymph but he dismissed the feelings. Although he did wonder how she had known he was in the water- he hadn't seen anyone or anything that would have suggested that there were any people around. It wasn't as if he was going to tell her what he had thought she was. He looked up at the sky, it was barely getting dark, not even sunset yet so he couldn't have been asleep for long. He turned his head back to the woman only to find her studying him with her large green eyes. She didn't seem afraid of him; it was more the look of a cat eying a mouse wondering when to pounce. She didn't speak but gestured towards the fish- her eyes still fixing him to the spot. She had a small bag to the left of her and an open book resting on her lap. Then something caught Godfrey's eye; a sword sheathed around her waist, as he looked he noticed her hair was shorter than traditional fashion, she was wearing breeches with knee high boots and what he had mistaken for a dress had actually been a long tunic! Godfrey was more curious now than he ever recalled being in his life. Maybe she was a huntress or a bandit. A small cough disturbed him from his trail of thought and he realised he had been staring. She was still watching him with her predator like gaze and didn't seem bothered in the slightest that he had been staring at her; eyes not leaving his she gestured again to the fish. Godfrey reached slowly towards it, trying to read her face but when his hand touched the bowl and her face showed no signs of ill will, he retreated back and quickly devoured it. Forget proper manners and decorum, Godfrey was hungry and this was the best meal he'd had in days. When he had finished he glanced back at her again, her face was still blank with her eyes still fixed on him. Godfrey started to look around the camp if it could be called that looking for his clothes and weapons. He then saw that all his belongings lay in an organised pile next to the woman. He could still grab them if she was a threat but he would have felt more comfortable having them near him- he had always preferred to keep his weapons near him, even at his home, in case of attack. The woman was slightly smirking now, not sinister, more as if she enjoyed seeing him panic. He then located his armour- hanging over the fire from a branch half way up a tree. How on earth did she get it up there? How on earth was he going to get it down? \"Parlent anglais?\" (Do you speak English?) Godfrey whipped his head back to her in surprise. She didn't look like she had spoken; her face was still the mask of observation. If he hadn't heard her voice he wouldn't have known she had spoken. Just as suddenly as she had spoken, she sighed and repeated \"Parlent anglais?\" she looked at him impatiently as if he was an idiot. Perhaps I should say no just to vex her ; the thought had merit, she had removed his armour, put it out of his reach and had taken and examined all his belongings. But he decided it would be best to speak English, after all if she couldn't understand what he was saying she therefore wouldn't understand what he was asking and he wouldn't be able to figure out who and what she was. \"Yes\" he replied and was somewhat gratified to see her let out a sigh of relief. Feeling that the stalemate between them was broken he let himself relax, and watched her do the same. She gave him a smile that seemed somewhat caring and proceeded to pull out a loaf of bread from the bag. She tore it into two pieces, one larger than the other and held out the larger half for him to take. As he took the bread their fingertips brushed but as soon as the bread was firmly in his grasp the woman removed her hand and devoured her half of the bread. She looks as hungry as I do Godfrey mused to himself as he watched her tear into the bread wolfishly . If she hasn't eaten for a time that might means she was travelling, perhaps she's as lost as I am. He waited for her to finish her meal to ask her and when she had done so which was done surprisingly quickly Godfrey asked in a polite but cheery tone \"and what exactly is a woman doing in a French forest by herself, may I ask?\" Godfrey added a smile at the end to show her that he was simply curious and not chastising her. She smiled back. \"Oh and one more thing\" the smile vanished of her face like it had been wiped of \"May I have the pleasure of knowing my saviours name?\" she smiled again, laughed a small but merry laugh and replied casually . . . \"It's Ciallmhar\", she said her name somewhat slowly, as if he may have trouble pronouncing it. She spoke with an English accent so Godfrey assumed she must be travelling either from or to England. That could be beneficial; if she is travelling she'll give me directions to get to the road and the coast but rather than interrogate her immediately Godfrey decided to wait and get some rest, and if there was more food going he could hardly leave now. Not to mention she still hasn't told me what she's doing in France by herself, he was still curious about her and she didn't seem like she was going to harm him. He decided to be the gentlemen; she had saved his life after all and despite his past actions and future intentions, Godfrey did not ever harm women in any way shape or form. He considered such actions beneath him. \"Ciallmhar, that's a . . . an unusual but pretty name\". Godfrey decided he might as well be honest to some degree and the sceptical look on her face as he had started talking gave the impression that Ciallmhar would not let her guard down because of flattery. She didn't respond to his comment other than pull on a neutral expression and start reading her book. Godfrey decided to study his surroundings again; they were in a hollow of two trees that were facing each other, their entwining branches reaching over the camp acting as a roof. The ground was built up around them and was carpeted with leaves with a large number of roots poking up through the ground like worms. Godfrey looked over the mounds and was relieved to see the river was less than 8 feet away which meant that he could still catch a plentiful supply of fish; there was also a small patch of grass that he hadn't noticed before, the horse could. . . the horse ! He stood up suddenly which he instantly regretted as his legs had become comfortably numb and the sudden movement sent pins and needles down his knees but rather than sit down he continued to turn his head and scour the area for his horse. \"Your horse is still alive and is wondering about looking for food, so don't worry\" came a calm and helpful voice. Godfrey turned his attention back to Ciallmhar who was looking up at him with a slightly amused expression. She moved her hand and flattened her finger tips and palm and made a motion as if she were gently pressing down on something and as if under a spell Godfrey felt as if there were a small pressure on the top of his head pushing him to sit down and to his surprise he found his body complied and sat back down. Godfrey felt himself starting to bristle with indignation but as he was too stunned to say anything, so he decided to start observing her again. Ciallmhar simply gave him another amused look and then turned her attention back to her book. Godfrey started to wonder at his situation, here he was stuck in a forest with a woman and a strange one at that, and he needed to get to Phillip but he could hardly ask her for directions- that could lead to an awkward situation. He could just imagine it \" excuse me ; you wouldn't have come across a camp with Phillip of France residing there by any chance? You see I'm a on a mission to help him invade England and it's very important I get there within eight days\" oh yes that would work smoothly Godfrey thought. Still he would have to acquire directions at some point and although he hardly knew her, he doubted she would give him directions without asking where he was going and what he was doing. Then a thought came to him. \"You still haven't answered my first question\" Ciallmhar looked up at him sharply; her face neutral but her eyes alert. Godfrey continued undaunted \"I'm not trying to pry … but still, I'm sure you can understand my natural curiosity.\" Ciallmhar regarded him, face still neutral but her eyes were now focused on his entire being; Godfrey started to feel a sense of vulnerability- as if she was seeing right through him and was examining each and every part of him. The feeling of vulnerability was foreign as Godfrey was the companion of royalty, and therefore he had never felt insecure or unsafe. Yet this woman somehow put him on edge- how? She doesn't seem other worldly or dangerous- just another traveller Godfrey stared at her again wondering if she was going to speak again until finally . . . \"I'm returning to England from the crusades . . . are you?\" was the reply, still as calm as before. Godfrey was becoming more intrigued by the minute from the crusades! What would she be doing there? She must be a nurse or healer. Godfrey pondered his answer; it wouldn't be a good idea to lie so he decided to tell her some part of the truth. \"No, but I am on a matter of great importance though\" Godfrey didn't know how or why the tone of superiority crept into his statement, but he did take pride in the look of curiosity on Ciallmhar's face. For some reason, he wanted her to ask so he knew that she was just as curious about him as he was about her; why, he couldn't explain, but he was eager to see her reaction to this bit of information. \"And what is this important mission? Oh and one more thing- what exactly is your name?\" her voice was laced with sarcasm but her friendly smile suggested she wasn't mocking him. Godfrey couldn't quite understand why she wasn't as surprised or curious as he expected her to be but he answered the questions. \"My name is Sir Godfrey and the mission I'm on is a matter of royal importance so I would be grateful for any assistance.\" Godfrey hadn't planned on saying the last part, it seemed to have slipped out with the rest of the words but it seemed to have an effect on Ciallmhar. She didn't give him a surprised look but leant back, with a look of deep thought on her face as Godfrey continued to regard her.[Chapter 3] A/N there is a bit of inconsistencies with Godfrey's time for travel, I did try to change the days into 8 days on the 1st chapter but it doesn't seem to have worked. Just take the rest of it as 8 days so sorry if there is any confusion Ciallmhar was still silent as Godfrey waited for her response, he was eager for her to give him any advice or directions so he could be on his way as soon as possible but he was equally as eager to keep her near him so he could determine exactly who she was, the answers she had given him seemed to give him more questions than answers. Finally, after what felt like an age, she leant back forward. Godfrey prepared himself for any questions she would ask but instead she just stared at him for a moment then looked at his belongings next to her and then looked up at his chain mail as if they could tell her more than he could. Ciallmhar's apparent preference for silence started to make Godfrey slightly irritated, he could understand her hesitance towards him being a stranger but he hoped he wouldn't have to explain in words that he didn't want to harm her. He would if he had to but something about the woman suggested she knew what was a threat and what was a tired traveller, and if she doesn't have any directions or knowledge of the area I can just leave and continue the way I was going; he would have rather had some directions as quickly as possible and perhaps some human company part of the way. After all the directions he had previously been given told him that there was a road that forked near the river. One would lead him straight to Phillips camp; the other would take him through a few villages and then the coast, she could have come with me as far as Phillip's camp and then gone ahead along the village road. Despite the possibilities of slower travel, Godfrey wanted some human company he could actually speak to and get a response from. A long sigh broke through his reverie. Ciallmhar was giving him a piercing look, as if finally deciding if he was trustworthy; Godfrey gave her a weak smile hoping that would at least prompt her to say something. \"What is this royal mission? And exactly what do you want in terms of . . . assistance?\" Godfrey kept his relief hidden behind his face, and quickly thought of an appropriate response. This is where it could get difficult to be honest and still procure her assistance. He gave her a piercing look hoping to give her the image of utmost secrecy and rouse her curiosity as she had his. \"I'm on a mission to find Phillip of France for Prince John and act as a negotiator of sorts between the two. John wants to know the exact nature of the relationship between our two countries and as his friend and subject I must oblige\" Godfrey paused there just to see her reaction. But as usual he was disappointed as her face was still neutral; her eyes blank as if the whole thing was rather boring. \"Go on\" Ciallmhar prompted, her eyes were now growing with an intensity as if she could see his lies. Godfrey wasn't afraid at this point but he was wary, he would never, could never show his fear, especially in front of a woman. Godfrey steeled himself in case she would discover his lie and attack him, the sword was still a threat no matter who it was wielded by. \"I'm searching for his camp but I must be there within eight days or else it could lead to a rather unpleasant misunderstanding. I am somewhat lost and I need directions to find Phillip's camp and by assistance I meant any information you could give me regarding any campsites or directions.\" Ciallmhar finally gave him a look that seemed convinced but still hesitant so he decided to play his last card. \"Please, if I don't get there a lot of hard work will go to waste, so please any assistance\". Godfrey was rather pleased with how that had come out, a dash of desperation, a hint of urgency. Perfect. But he was still voicing a mental prayer that she would at least talk to him or give him some clues as to where to go. And it wasn't a total lie; he had spent months in preparation for this, having to be the friend to that arrogant idiot John who was simply content to lay with any pretty woman who crossed his path, whinge and complain about he was unloved by his mother and compared with his brother, and still remain in contact with Phillip without getting caught. \"I'm not totally convinced but I'll give you the benefit of a doubt, although the begging was hardly necessary, the armour you were wearing already told me that you were wealthy and the rather bad directions you had suggested you were travelling. Aand the letter you have with the French royal crest on it asking you to meet Phillip may have already given me the idea that you needed to see him.\" Godfrey stared at her as she gave him a smile and started to chuckle. \"Well I'm glad of that\" Godfrey replied and then added after some thought \"I hope you don't take offence but you know you are quite a strange woman, in the politest of ways. You keep weapons and your miles from England and King Richard's camp. You could easily be killed or lost here. \" He paused there to see her reaction expecting an angry outburst but instead she just gave him a look like he had cooed like an infant and retorted \"Your one to talk about strangeness, I mean, honestly what were you thinking of? Standing on the bank while weighing half a ton, and I would know seen as I had to drag you back up, then get you onto more solid land, then get the chain mail of you. That's an excellent way to get yourself killed. Not to mention most men your age, noble or not, were sent to fight with Richard, and if you were friends with John, why would he send you on such a mission where there are bandits who would slit your throat before you could even utter a scream, when he could send a messenger?\" Godfrey didn't know what irked him more; the fact that she had a point or the fact that she sad it with such a bored tone as if this was a regular occurrence for her. It was both a deduction and a question and even Godfrey, who prided himself on his intelligence, had to admit that this woman was smart. I hope she does agree to come with me on the road, women with minds like this were hard to come by in London , this was true as most of the women he had met there (or rather John had badgered him into accompanying him on his exploits) seemed only interested in pretty dresses or jewellery and were always easily swayed by John's charm. \"I was asked to go because Prince John knew of my skill and thought it best to send someone with military training in the hope that I would be able to keep any bandits at bay.\" Ciallmhar scoffed \"well that's no good if you can't even keep yourself safe from the elements, never mind the bandits. Perhaps you should tell your friend that he should just send a messenger next time-hopefully he won't need rescuing.\" Godfrey smirked, she was definitely smart even though he didn't like being reminded that he nearly drowned and that he was saved by a woman. With the exception of Eleanor of Aquitaine, who was certainly wise but a bother to be around seen as she had never liked him, Godfrey had never considered women to be able to hold a decent conversation on what Godfrey considered important things like matters of state, and he had never actually heard any one criticise him, let alone a woman. However this woman seemed sturdy and perceptive, as well as witty without the crude sense of humour that John had; his jokes were often about whatever woman he had or hadn't yet made love to and more than once Godfrey had fought the desire to punch him. \"You have a point\" replied Godfrey \"but just try going for days on end with nothing to eat but mouldy bread, and then seeing a river full of fish. I'm sure you would be willing to risk it for a good meal.\" She grinned at him in a friendly manner and said in a manner that could only be described as smug \"I've managed to live on bread crumbs for most of my journey through here, and if you think you were pressed for food, you should try dining in King Richard's camp.\" After this her demeanour changed, she looked somewhat angry ( if angry could be described as face going back behind her mask and her eyes blazing like to angry coals) as if she was remembering some wrong done to her but before Godfrey could debate whether he should ask her about it or not she spoke again. \"While the king and his company feasted every night in the safety of their tents, the rest of the men were usually scrabbling over scraps like vultures, some of them even gambled with food seen as they had no money\" hearing her voice like that was like hearing something being contained in iron. Contained but threatening to break through in torrents of anger. She looked up at him, her eyes pinning him to where he sat. Suddenly the anger that had nearly scorched him left her eyes and she seemed to calm down again. \"You must think me such an immoral woman to speak of royalty like that, especially when your friends with one of them but I really couldn't care less.\" Ciallmhar said in a rather breezy tone which certainly consolidated the fact that she didn't care in Godfrey's view; she wasn't even looking at him! \"I don't think you're an immoral woman, trust me\" she raised an eyebrow but he continued \"and I wont tell John or any other members of the royal family, as a friend of John I would know all about their flaws so don't worry. In fact what you said is probably the view of most of England, but you are the first to actually say something.\" This was true, in his opinion the people of England fell into two categories on the subject of royalty; either they would love him just because he was royalty and follow whatever they said like sheep or hate them but keep silent- not even daring to whisper in their own company against the monarchy. Godfrey had often seen servants in London bite their tongues so as to stop themselves from insulting John; he'd often had to do it as well. She laughed again throwing her head back, showing her glittering teeth like a cats. \"Oh well that's a relief\" was the sarcastic response. As she tilted her head forward Godfrey saw that in the light of the fire, her hair was not the chestnut colour he had mistaken it for, but a very dark red. That's a rare and pretty colour. Godfrey wasn't quite sure where that thought had come from but he ignored it as nothing more than an observation as he watched her once again turn to the book. Her eyes were devouring the words on the page, and he saw a very small smile creep onto her face as if the book were a life long friend. He decided this time he would remain silent as possible and eat any food that was offered to him, she really seems to enjoy reading . Godfrey was slightly surprised at this; very few women at the court could be bothered to read, they could read well enough but they often preferred not to. She hardly seemed to be a noble woman, her clothes were plain and her possessions were few and hardly worth much, maybe with the exception of the book and the sword. She must be a peasant but Godfrey had always thought that the peasantry were unable to read or write so she must have been well educated at some point. His curiosity got the better of him. \"What are you reading? And when did you learn to read?\" Ciallmhar glanced up at him and Godfrey mentally kicked himself for disturbing her and for sounding like a child. He expected her to say something like 'none of your businesses' or hoped she would but . . . \"It's a book on Greek mythology and I learnt how to read when I was five.\" Blunt and to the point. Brilliant answer. It told him what he wanted to know and it told him she wanted to get on with her book. Mythology? Since she was five? She must have had some kind of tutor. Godfrey decided he must remain silent until she had finished her book; if he wanted her assistance he would have to make sure he didn't annoy her. Years with John had taught him that, and he'd put it into practice for years and it had always worked. Appeasement would be the key now; rather than flattery that always worked with John. To have to change his tactics was something Godfrey hardly ever did, mostly because he'd found that flattery was the easiest use of manipulation. He could tell it would not work with her though, Godfrey had a very good sense of character and everything about Ciallmhar told him that she could tell if someone was lying to her or if someone was using her. For the next few hours they sat in mostly silence with the occasional offerings of more food and drink and the clattering and crunching from the food that they ate (it seemed she was well supplied with fish and fruits). She politely offered him a blanket to sleep on and said she would give him back his belongings in the morning, and he accepted thinking he had finally earned some of her trust. However, when she put her book down and spoke again Godfrey realised she was simply reserving judgement. \"I should warn you that when I attempt to sleep, if you even make one move I think is unfriendly the only John will be getting back is your head in a wrapped box. Is that understood?\" her voice was deadly serious so Godfrey understood her perfectly. But the fact that she thought he would rankled his pride. \"I can assure you I would never do such a thing to any woman, especially one who saved my life and treated me so graciously.\" She regarded him warily. \"There are many men who would, my time in the army proved that and I'm afraid there is little legal retribution for a man who rapes women. Personally I find that a great hypocrisy – that men may do what they want and yet if a woman should do it than she's a whore. Completely unfair in my opinion, so tell your friend to start doing something about. \" She said in a strong voice while looking at him as if he was to blame for the state of things. Godfrey blinked, he'd never been asked to do anything regarding laws and there had been less possibility of a woman complaining about how the country was run. No need to worry about that for too long, if all goes according to plan, there'll be new laws regarding women's treatment. Godfrey smirked to himself wondering what her reaction would be if he told her that England would be in the hands of a new monarch. But what she said next felt something like a kick to the stomach. \"If it got any worse in England, I'd pack up and leave and never return. That's why I left in the first place, I've seen enough pointless bloodshed and monarchs to last me several lifetimes. What about you though?\" Godfrey felt a nagging sensation in the back of his head that Ciallmhar knew something about him that she shouldn't. \" Well ? What would you do if the laws punished you just for being who you are? What would you do if someone could wrong and there was no justice?\" she was starting to sound impatient and the nagging sensation was growing as if she knew exactly what he planned. How does she do that? Godfrey had always been a good liar and been able to keep his face straight and no one had ever suspected him of any wrong doing so how come she can see through me? Godfrey replied \"I would do something about it\" immediately he regretted saying that. A statement like that could lead to questions on loyalty and that was the last thing he wanted. She had tricked him, so simply with just two questions; she had put him on the spot. It was like being at court- every inch of you inspected. \"And what exactly would you do Godfrey hmmm \" Ciallmhar was very still but her face was purely predator. \"I'm not sure, there are lots of things you could do but as the princes friend I can have some say in the laws. Not directly anyway.\" Godfrey then realised something, in the few moments that they had talked, this Ciallmhar had something that not even John had- his respect. Now that was no mean feat as Godfrey had honestly little respect for anyone, no matter who their families were, of course he would bow down to them when it was necessary but that didn't mean he respected them. Godfrey only respected those with intelligence and those who would use it, even if they were enemies there was no physical harm in respecting a powerful enemy provided they did the same. She studied him taking in his words and mulling them over. Then her face cleared into the mask and her voice was perfectly polite. \"Get some sleep and tomorrow I'll see if I can help you find the camp. But remember my warning.\" With that she lay down, pulled the thin rag over her and turned her back on him. Leaving Godfrey to wonder at his situation and then lie down to fall asleep.[Chapter 4] He couldn't breathe. He was surrounded by water so why was he burning like his limbs were on fire. There were screams, so many screams but he couldn't tell who or what was screaming. Then there was a voice, a terrible cruel voice that came from everywhere \"I see you\" it growled monstrously as he still struggled \"you're all MINE\" the sound was deafening. Something was grabbing him, shaking him but there was so much pain and it was getting worse. His right cheek was being cut slowly from his lip and it wasn't stopping. And there was an awful screaming and then . . . Godfrey woke up; sweating, shaking and screaming. \"Are you alright?\" He jerked his head around to see Ciallmhar looking at him with a concerned expression on her face. She was holding both his shoulders in a tight grip, and was still looking at him, anxious for his response. \"Yes, I'm alright- just a nightmare, nothing more.\" Godfrey hated how his voice sounded so shaken, honestly it had just been that- just a dream. Not to mention he had woken up screaming- she must think him a weakling or a coward, and if there is one thing Godfrey hated, it was being called a coward. However Ciallmhar simply released his shoulders; he hadn't noticed how tight she had been holding him or how close she had been until he moved away, she still looked concerned but in a caring way rather than concern over her choice of company. Godfrey turned back to study his blanket-easier that than have her looking at him like he was a scared child. He hated this; he hardly ever had dreams let alone nightmares and now his mind decided to play tricks on him, when he was this close to his aspirations. \"It's to be expected.\" came the matter of fact voice. Godfrey turned his head slightly but didn't look up; although his pride was telling him he had done nothing wrong. \"After nearly drowning, anyone would suffer afterwards. Even if they don't seem linked or similar to what actually happened.\" She stopped here and seemed to be considered what to say next. Godfrey was somewhat surprised that she wasn't mollycoddling him, he was grateful that she wasn't but at the same time he was grateful she didn't think he was weak minded or cowardly. \"We should get going, if you want to find him soon, you need to get ready.\" Godfrey instantly agreed and showed it with a silent nod. Ciallmhar gave him a smile and started to walk towards him but as she got near his feet, she turned towards the tree that towered over him and gave a cat like leap and climbed the tree as if it was as easy as walking. Godfrey then remembered that his armour was still hanging there, on a rather far reaching branch. He was shocked at her agility but more impressed than anything else. Her small height would help I suppose. She got herself on the branch and started to slowly crawl along it; Godfrey started to have some doubts on whether she could reach his armour without snapping the branch. If it did, it would land right on top of him along with her; she saw the danger too and said \"right get ready to catch it, I'm going to knock it down\", Godfrey quickly stood up and moved away from his makeshift bed, that chain mail was just as heavy the branch it was on, and he didn't want it hitting him on the head and knocking him over. Ciallmhar started to shake the branch and point it downwards from where she was as Godfrey opened his arms waiting to catch; still wondering will she fall? But he kept his senses alert and tried to focus; he could see the chain mail starting to slip of the branch. Finally, with a clinking, it fell of and into his arms. Examining it, he started to think this woman more impressive, it was so heavy (even he would admit that) and yet she managed to climb with it. She had managed to get it off him, so she must have been in a camp with other soldiers to know how to remove it. He glanced up at her; she was looking down on him; Godfrey suddenly had a mental image of a cat in a tree, calmly and coolly watching the rest of the world go by in the dirty roads. Perfectly poised and balanced Ciallmhar climbed slowly down and then jumped the last few branches. Godfrey was surprised as she had jumped a good few feet without caution and had landed perfectly on her feet, all cats land on their feet, she must be used to exercise. Godfrey found physical excellence a virtue in most people, he was always a man of action and disliked lazy or idle people who couldn't or wouldn't challenge themselves; John being a very good example in his opinion. \"You're quite agile; do you make it a habit of climbing trees?\" Godfrey asked. Ciallmhar tittered quietly at his question and then frowned as if ashamed of her reaction. Godfrey couldn't understand why- it wasn't as if she had sounded like a girl many years younger than her and it hadn't been an odd sound. In fact it had been quite a pleasant sound, much more refined than some of the 'noble' women he'd met. \"No, I only do it when necessary, and I wanted to make sure it didn't get damaged by the fire. Heat can ruin armour and I doubt you would've thanked me for that.\" Well, that's true Godfrey admitted to himself. The first part of that statement anyway Godfrey would have been angered if the armour had been damaged but he wouldn't expect a woman to know how to keep chain mail in good condition. \"You get your belongings ready, I'm going to get the horses and then I'll show you where to go.\" This took Godfrey by surprise and under his surprise he could feel a little ripple of anger. \"Ciallmhar, you never said you knew where the camp was\" Godfrey said sternly. She looked at him with no fear or abashment in her face which irritated him even more so he continued \"if you had told me yesterday, I could've got there much sooner and you choose now to tell me!\" Godfrey was growing more agitated by the second; if she had told me as soon as she knew my mission we could have travelled closer. And she isn't even in the slightest abashed; did she plan this? Does she want to slow me down? Did she even understand what I told her yesterday? Ciallmhar still was looking at him, only now her face was amused as he grew angrier. He started towards her, her face still amused and as he tried to grab her to get directions and be off without her, gratitude be damned; she slapped his hand away with one hand and with the other punched him in the stomach. Godfrey doubled over; she was stronger than he thought. \"I said I'd show you, didn't I? Besides you were exhausted- I was exhausted. I save your life, give you food, make sure you don't get ill, give you something soft to sleep on, take care of your horse . . .\" Godfrey couldn't help but admit that was true- \". . . When I could have easily just left you, I mean I could have just thought you were French and let you drown. I nearly drowned, you weighed a ton. I could have been halfway to the coast by now, but no I'm waiting for someone who clearly doesn't have the slightest bit of gratitude!\" Once again, she has a point. Godfrey didn't want to admit she was right but some part of him kept agreeing with her. She probably wanted to return to England as much as he wanted to complete the mission. An apology was in order, and he hated it; but he needed her to show or direct him. \"forgive me, I was worried that I wouldn't make it in time, my behaviour was rash\" Godfrey hoped that would appease her, he had tried to look ashamed, he had used his best ashamed tone that he had practised over years with Eleanor when she had caught him and John (mostly John with him watching) in unfavourable situations. She often blamed him for John's behaviour so he had to apologise. It wasn't working now though- Ciallmhar still looked furious, so he decided to add \"I am sorry. I shouldn't have done that, please just try to understand the importance of this . . . he paused there to see if she was less furious but she still glaring at him. \"You have no idea how difficult it is to befriend royalty and then stay in their favour, ( all true) if I fail it will be my head!\" He opened his mouth to continue but he was interrupted by a loud snort from his right. A large grey warhorse was moving his head round- Godfrey got the feeling he was regarding him and Ciallmhar. With a toss of its mane and whiny in his direction, it turned around back into the trees. \"That's my horse Eltivo\" Ciallmhar was speaking and after a long sigh she spoke again \"if I was as wealthy as you I would be able to afford some manners, don't you think?\" She glared at him, as if daring him to disagree. \"Next time try to restrain yourself, otherwise I'm just going to leave you. Understand? \" she said it with a casual manner but somehow it came across as menacing and Godfrey already knew that she could probably give him injuries if she wanted to. He nodded and started to pick his belongings up as quickly as possible. As he was collecting them, Ciallmhar spoke again \"I'll go get the horses; you should try to get your belongings and yourself ready\" She gave him one last look and turned to walk out of the campsite. Godfrey could feel himself start to fidget, if he said nothing, the journey would take longer, if he did speak he risked being attacked by one already angry woman and then being killed by one Phillip of France. The words were out of his mouth before he had even decided what to do \"my lady\" Ciallmhar whipped round, and Godfrey felt instantly stupid on two levels; one for calling her 'his lady', two for sounding so ruddy desperate. He didn't look ashamed, much as the glares he was receiving would make anyone tremble, so he calmly spoke and said \"I'll need some help to put on the chain mail.\" He braced himself for any outcry of 'HOW DARE YOU!' but instead what he got was . . . \"Oh. Very well then.\" To say Godfrey was surprised would be an understatement, and he started to question whether she was deciding to leave him but as she started to walk towards him, the enormity of what he asked hit him. She took the chain mail from his hands silently, he knew what to do as did she and not a word was spoken. But he still felt his breath hitch slightly when she pulled his hand through the chain mail. She's so close was the subconscious thought running through his head, Godfrey wasn't paying attention to what she was putting on him, her face was still blank, slightly bored but somehow attentive to what she was doing. When she had finished, Godfrey felt like an age had passed between them. Then his common senses returned, like a hammer to the stomach screaming IDIOT. There was an awkward silence for a moment, mostly on his part, she just seemed to be waiting for a response. \"Thank you\" Godfrey finally said, still trying to ignore the voice in his head that was screeching idiot, idiot, idiot. \"You're welcome, now I'll get the horses and then we'll ride.\" Ciallmhar replied airily, then walked out of the camp leaving Godfrey to pick up and organise his thoughts and his belongings. Five minutes later, they were riding at a reasonably fast pace, Godfrey had asked if they should travel faster but Ciallmhar had told him that she knew a faster way that would get him there sooner. So far, they were travelling up the road he already knew about; Ciallmhar hadn't told him where the short cut was or where she had seen the camp, she had only told him how she knew where the camp was when he had asked. \"I was swimming in the river, when I saw a bunch of soldiers riding through; I ducked down under the water to make sure they didn't see me, I have no intention of being found alone by French soldiers who would sooner take me than ask my name. I then swam in the direction they were going and saw a large campsite built for nobility. I recognised the crest so I'm sure he's waiting for you.\" She added the last part as if it was meant to be comforting but Godfrey was still in shock at her story, the fact that she said it so casually made it even more impressive. Very observant, very practical Godfrey had to admit and when he told her that had probably been a wise decision, she laughed and said \"well of course, what else should I have done?\" Godfrey let out a low chuckle without even meaning to. \"So what exactly happened in the nightmare?\" Godfrey thought about his answer, and her. She hadn't asked anything about him since that morning even though he had asked her everything he could think of that would help him understand Ciallmhar more; where she was born, whether she was nobility, was she meeting with fellow travellers, how long would it take to get to the camp etc. every answer she had given him was vague; she was born in the south, no she wasn't nobility (she'd even laughed at that one), no she was travelling alone (or had planned to) and her final answer was simply 'not long'. \"I was drowning; there was blood, nothing frightening.\" Ciallmhar gave him an understanding look, not a pitiful look but simply an understanding that he didn't want to dwell on it. \"It's not that surprising, so don't fret.\" Godfrey thought she was trying to be comforting, it was unnecessary but appreciated. Then Godfrey thought of something he hadn't realised till just then- how did she know I was dreaming? \"How did you know that I was dreaming or even having a nightmare?\" Ciallmhar turned to see his face awaiting her answer. He persisted \"you were leaning over me when I woke up, why?\" She looked at his face as if wondering what his reaction would be if she told him. \"You were shouting and thrashing about. I was already awake though.\" Brilliant, just brilliant. Godfrey hated the thought of anyone seeing him vulnerable and even more so, the thought of making too much noise what if there are bandits in this forest? Godfrey wasn't afraid of them but he wanted to get to the camp as soon as possible with little interference. And he would have to protect the woman- she might be armed but against at least five men she wouldn't stand a chance. Godfrey saw this as a good chance to change the subject and be prepared for any attacks. Just as he was about to open his mouth Ciallmhar spoke. \"There were a few bandits in this forest but very few and they're nowhere near this road. There is no way they could have heard or seen you coming. \"she turned back to face the road She said this in the same way she had told him about hearing him shout- neutral and careful. Blunt and yet somehow Godfrey could detect that was her way of showing she cared, by not prying or being nosy. Godfrey didn't know what to say, everything that he wanted to hear she had said. \"That's reassuring; although I'm sure we would have been able to get rid of any bandits.\" Ciallmhar whipped her head round again, as if he'd insulted her, but when she spoke she didn't raise her voice at all. \"Oh really , and what makes you so sure\" her tone was sarcastic and Godfrey could tell too much confidence and too much flattery would agitate her. \"I was just thinking, we're both armed with good quality weapons and some military skills, it would be easy to beat a bunch of filthy bandits.\" \"A bunch of filthy hungry bandits you mean, you'd be surprised what men can do when they're starving. Plus skill is not determined by weaponry or past experience. You can't buy skill.\" Ciallmhar replied bitterly. Godfrey was growing concerned (a rare feeling), Ciallmhar was brooding over something and he wanted to know what. He hoped it wasn't him, he hadn't boasted or anything. \"Turn left here\" the sentence broke him from his thoughts, she sounded perfectly happy and looked it too. Godfrey never knew someone or something to be so confusing or temperamental. They turned their horses to the left, up a small mound and rode through the trees. \"Are you sure we can fit the horses through here?\" Godfrey asked the trees were growing close to where the horses were walking and Godfrey had lost count on how many times he had to duck his head down from a heavy branch. \"Yes, I'm sure; it will get a lot easier as we go on. This used to be a path but it hasn't been used in years.\" \"Why not? If it's a shorter distance . . .\"Godfrey started. \"Because there was a den of wolves near by, no one was attacked but it scared them off so they used the other one.\" \"You're a brave woman then\" she looked round at him again, only this time surprised. So was he, he hadn't planned on saying anything and yet he was saying things he normally wouldn't. She was looking at him like she expected to continue so he said \"you don't seem afraid of bandits or wolves, you were travelling on your own, and that's more than some soldiers could do.\" \"Is this your way of saying you're scared of wolves then?\" Ciallmhar replied smirking. Godfrey smirked and shook his head chuckling; she was a confusing woman, a break from the norm, in a class of her own and a new challenge. Godfrey had always liked a challenge. Ciallmhar's POV She couldn't, wouldn't and didn't trust him. There was too much about him that unsettled her, he hadn't done anything to her yet and she doubted he would unless he had reason to. However she believed he was desperate to get to the camp, and although she did believe he was meeting with royalty, the topic didn't seem to fit the situation. She knew he was nobility, and a friend of the English royalty by two things 1) his armour and his horse-only the wealthy could afford such a fine horse 2) his name- she had heard of him from a friend in London, the physical description was accurate and his personality was exactly the same as her friend had said 'cold, mysterious and ruthless'. He had been a danger to her ever since she saw him in the water- he was a wealthy powerfully built man, once seeing that, Ciallmhar would not let her guard down; no matter how charming he acted. She doubted his real intentions for this meeting, and although the letter hadn't suggested anything deadly, she still didn't feel she was getting the whole truth. He was a good liar; she'd admit that certainly, if it had been anyone else they would've believed him entirely. But she didn't believe him, and she wanted to know what this meeting truly meant and the only way to find that out was to let it unfold. At best it was nothing important, perhaps he was telling the truth; at worst he was a bloody good liar and she'd stumbled onto something nasty. She hadn't asked much about him, Ciallmhar didn't see the point; she knew who he was, where he lived, the company he kept etc. after that the only thing left to figure out was he telling the truth, and she could hardly come out and ask that. She'd wait and then if it looked bad, she'd do whatever she could. Godfrey didn't suspect anything hopefully; he acted politely around her and had told her part of the truth. His politeness is also what put her off, she could tell he was trying to flatter her- snakes can be charming but if they get too close, they can kill .and it's the same situation here. She had often found the best way to find out something was to be you and tell the truth, that's what she had done and Godfrey didn't notice her distrust. And would hopefully never, until it was necessary. It was a shame that he was on the wrong side of her opinions, she had found him quite interesting before he had told her his mission. He was solemn and mysterious, and not either some lecherous idiot or some snobby demanding weakling. If he had been either, she wouldn't have hesitated to leave him there. Ciallmhar had little patience with fully grown men who acted like spoilt little boys, and in Godfrey's favour he hadn't made any demands or insulted her poverty. But still, she couldn't tell if that was because he was genuinely unsnobbish or just because he was using her to get to the camp. He had seemed surprised when I told him about the king and the bandits. On the subject of the camp, Ciallnmhar started to try and formulate ways of avoiding any trouble, it would be hard to fight her way out of a camp filled with knights and so on, she would have to stay out of sight and still be able to hear what was going on. Hopefully they would speak in some English; Ciallmhar spoke a little French but would admit she was hopeless at understanding rabid French. The fact that she would be under pressure and trying to keep an ear out for anything coming her way would make understanding it even worse. Ciallmhar wondered why this Godfrey would want to risk his neck for any more power (that's what she assumed he was doing), I mean honestly, there are people who'd give an arm and a leg just to get a quarter of his wealth and yet he's risking it all for a bit more! Oh well, he's not the first won't be the last. Ciallmhar observed him again from the corner of her eye; his eyes were looking around his surroundings trying to take them all in, he didn't make it obvious, he just subtly rolled his eyes over anything that could mark the path. Ciallmhar hoped he wouldn't be able to recognise or follow the path when he came out of the camp, if he decided to bring the French soldiers along here, she would suffer a fate worse than death. Then Godfrey spoke again \"it's difficult to get back to England in a company, do you plan to get there on your own? The crossings can be expensive and they will charge more for the horse. \" \"I have my ways, I can get back easily, and I have travelled before so I'm not concerned. I wouldn't expect you to be concerned though\" Godfrey looked somewhat confused as Ciallmhar grinned \"you're wealthy so you can easily get a boat and good lodgings for fifty people.\" \"I was just thinking, if we're both heading for England why not wait for me and we can travel the rest of the journey together?\" Ciallmhar's alarms went off in her head \"when I've finished you could meet me a little way from the camp, after all as you said, I could easily afford us travel.\" Ciallmhar gave it some serious thought, it screamed danger and she'd be such an idiot if she agreed, on the other hand, if he was sincere it would well stop her from having to pick pockets and risk her hands for a journey. But if he wasn't and if he bought any more company that weren't friendly to her . . . she would rather slit her own throat. Godfrey must have sensed her hesitation because what he said next sounded like the most honest thing he had ever said in his whole life \"I swear on my life, no harm shall come to you by my hand or anyone else's. \" Ciallmhar looked at him; he was staring at her eyes open and honest. \"I mean it, you saved my life, and I would be ungrateful if I didn't do you the same favour.\" Ciallmhar's mind was reeling but she wouldn't show it nor change her mind- he could still be dangerous. She would change her plan, to find out what he was up to and if it was bad, to stop him, besides he didn't know her total skill with a blade or her knowledge of herbs. If he did mean harm, she could play oblivious. \"Very well, we can discuss it later though\" Godfrey smiled truly an honest smile that worried Ciallmhar more than comforted her so she added \"but if you make one wrong move during the rest of this voyage, I will find out and the consequences will be . . . (she paused to see his face) unpleasant.\" Godfrey nodded, looking slightly wary. Good Ciallmhar thought, you should be.[Chapter 5] Please tell me if you think I'm making Godfrey sound to OOC and please review . Oh and yes, the horse called Eltivo is based after the horse in the road to El Dorado, coz I luv him so much. Plus later on in the chapter I will talk about horse breeds but I know nothing about them so if you see any flaws pleez don't kill me. He had meant what he had promised earlier, though he hadn't planned to make such a promise- he couldn't guarantee completely that he wouldn't let anyone else harm her, if she tried to warn anyone about the plan though but he wouldn't directly harm her. She'd be captured certainly but not harmed; she was too rare to damage in Godfrey's opinion. At worst, he hoped that if she did find out about the plan, he could persuade her to join them- this mission and new leadership called for people with brains and she was one of the few that Godfrey would admit had them. At best, she wouldn't find out about the plan, and by the time she did, the invasion would be almost complete; he still hoped to keep her company though; she was too much a mystery and a challenge to miss. . As they spoke, she confirmed his reasons for keeping her near. If you had asked Godfrey what they had talked about for the rest of the journey, he wouldn't have been able to tell you simply because they had talked about everything. Although Ciallmhar was still hesitant to tell him anything about herself, she told him most of her opinions, and he found them fascinating and controversial. She was the first person who would speak of royalty, nobility or the Church leaders badly with no fear, and although he did remind her that he was a noble, she still carried on. Godfrey did feel slightly indignant at her remarks and accusations but at the same time he found them to be very well based arguments. He could remember how the conversation started; he had asked her about the crusades and what she had seen of the knights and King Richard (he would need to know how many knights would be protecting Richard so he could make sure he was prepared), her response was mostly explaining to him the conditions that the wealthy knights and the king lived in- she told him the last she had seen of them was the same as she always saw, the wealthy feasting while outside their tents the other men scrabbled around for food and the injured were usually lucky if they got a proper meal (she sounded extremely bitter at this point so Godfrey later concluded that he must have changed the subject). Ciallmhar didn't seem to be a complainer, she didn't whinge like John often did, but she made suggestions on improving, well, about everything in the country. The suggestions were often controversial but once she had explained them, Godfrey couldn't help but agree that they would improve both the wealthiest and the peasant's lives. One good example of their conversations that Godfrey could easily remember went like this . . . \"If the average English folk were to receive better education, it would better not just them but the whole country.\" Godfrey snorted \"and what would peasants do with more education hmmm? I doubt they would appreciate it when they should be tending their farms.\" \"I disagree with that, if they had better education in herbs, they could make sure that fewer children died at young ages; they could treat injuries; they would be able to take better care of livestock and prevent them from getting diseases which means that there's more food for both them and the wealthy which I'm sure would make the nobility very happy either way.\" Ciallmhar had a way of speaking that sounded like she was explaining something so simple to a child, it had frustrated Godfrey but he didn't want to silence her- it was too interesting and he'd never heard such ideas from just one person, not from any person in fact. She glanced over at him smirking as she saw his stunned expression which he was sure must have been fixed to his face for most of the time. Rather than look stupid, Godfrey decided to try and disagree, he would probably be beaten but it was worth a try. \"yes but who would pay for it, and they would need to be tending their farms so they can continue to pay taxes, if you suggest that the wealthy pay for the poor's education they'll have you locked up\" Ciallmhar gave him a look that encouraged him to continue so he did \"if farmers leave their farms to learn herbs, then it will take longer to gather in crops and their properties will be neglected leaving them to be taken by tax collectors.\" He was doing well, they'd had many arguments but this was the first he was actually winning in. \"I meant that the children would go to be educated, not the adults. That way the farms and homes are still taken care off and the people can still learn, after all what's to say that the children won't teach their parents when they get back?\" she grinned at him again, knowing she'd won, he hadn't thought that she just meant children- she had deliberately held that bit of her plan back just to see what he would say damn. Just as he was about to make a response, a branch hit him on the head. Ciallmhar laughed as she watched him scowl and push the branch out of the way. At least it brought him back to his senses and true mission, they must have been riding for ages and yet he still didn't know how long it would take to get to the camp; he had been to busy talking with Ciallmhar to take note of his surroundings and now he had to fully rely on Ciallmhar's advice; a thought that made him uneasy. This path definitely been unused for a long time, as he looked ahead he wondered how they had actually got this far without having difficulties, there were branches all over the path which was almost impossible to distinguish from the muddy surroundings. As they got further up the path, he could've sworn the branches from the trees made way for them, the wind was whispering and he somehow felt it was whispering to Ciallmhar. The twigs would lean down towards her ears but they didn't touch her, like the gathered gossips in the royal courts when they were eager to pass on rumours or learn about some new scandal. The thought of anything supernatural in this world had previously never crossed Godfrey's mind- such fairy tales were for little children and for poor folk to discuss at fireside gatherings. Now, he wasn't so sure, he had rationalised that Ciallmhar was no nymph or anything unearthly before, but her apparent strangeness, her absolute ease in the forest and her attentive face that was listening to the wind (or so it seemed to him) made Godfrey once again question her humanity. He was definitely starting to grow uneasy, they had been riding for goodness knows how long, and he couldn't find anything that would help him remember this path, and against his will, his mind wandered to stories of fairies and magical creatures that would lead a traveller astray. Nothing but superstition Godfrey firmly told himself, but he could swear the wind was getting louder, and Ciallmhar seemed to be struggling to hide a grin; finally his uneasiness burst from his mouth. \"Are you sure . . .\" \"Yes, yes I'm sure so I wish you would stop asking me\" Ciallmhar snapped \"Sorry, I'm just worried, I was never told about this path and . . . \"Off course you weren't, only a few travellers know about this path and even fewer tell others about it so Phillip definitely wouldn't know.\" She sounded infuriated now and it had made Godfrey more uneasy when the wind had picked up as she remanded him like a foolish child; a feeling he disliked. Godfrey started to decide whether he should apologise, although his first instinct was absolutely not! But Ciallmhar spoke first \"if it makes you feel better, we can get the horses to go faster here, the trees aren't so dense now so we can move quicker.\" Godfrey was about to argue and tell her that the trees were as dense as they were before; but when he looked again he was amazed to see that were he had seen endless pillars of wood, the trees were fewer and the trunks less thicker. If he hadn't known better, he could've said they were in a different forest; he turned around to look behind him and even there the surroundings looked slightly different, they were undoubtedly the same place they had been riding through for the last few hours but it looked almost like a gate that they had passed through rather than an ordinary forest. The trees were leaning in towards the path making it difficult to see the path they had ridden through. Godfrey looked around suddenly; he thought he just heard . . . someone say his name? But Ciallmhar had been silent although she gave him a look of mock concern and asked \"something wrong?\" \"No, I just thought I heard something.\" Godfrey replied, keeping his voice calm. \"It was just the wind, nothing more.\" \"Ah\" she said, nodding her head but she didn't seem comforted; she gave her surroundings a quick look over, \"we can get the horses to go faster now so keep up.\" And with that she set her horse of at full gallop into the woods. Not even looking back once. Godfrey blinked back his surprise and set his horse of at a slow gallop \"wait!\" he shouted but Ciallmhar didn't look back and she was still racing ahead so he set his horse of at a faster pace. As he was managing to catch up with her, she turned around to face him and just as Godfrey thought he was going to finally catch up- she set of again. This time Godfrey set off at full speed, thoroughly annoyed at Ciallmhar's behaviour. She was much further ahead than he was, and he could see the horse breaking out in sweat but all he could think about was how her horse managed to keep going at such a speed and how together they looked. Horse and rider as one being, the saddle didn't look expensive and the usual riding equipment that he would expect to see on a war horse wasn't there; just the saddle and the reins. She must have spent years training with horses or have some knowledge of them . His horse was slowing down while hers was still charging onward; Godfrey shook his head and tried to catch up again this time getting more successful- in a matter of a few minutes he was at her heels (literally). Ha, she'll think twice before trying to leave me behind Godfrey thought. As he managed to get closer as they were neck to neck, she turned towards him and he was struck by her smile. For a moment, despite the fact that they were moving at high speeds Godfrey felt as if time around them had slowed down. Her face was flushed and the wind had swept back her hair; glistening red and gold in the small bits of light peeping through the trees. Godfrey could see the freckles that were thrown across her face as if a paint brush had simply flicked them onto her face; there were women in the royal courts who hated freckles and were always looking for something that would get rid of them. There were also a few small and thin wrinkles underneath her eyes and on her forehead. Godfrey had always preferred flawless skin, pale and soft- a sign of beauty and wealth and yet with he couldn't quite say that Ciallmhar's freckles and wrinkles made her ugly, in fact, if anything they made her seem more extraordinary. She had her own beauty and a few traits that men and women desired for their faces; high cheekbones that made her face seem less round than Godfrey had previously thought, red cheeks that came without powder against a fair skin and long dark eyelashes. Not ugly at all Godfrey had always thought the peasant women to be ungainly, faces covered in dirt, rough and dark skin from working in the sun and the smell was often disgusting. Their faces had seemed too simple and now compared to this woman's face, the noble women who John claimed to be beautiful were wearing nothing but masks. Blank and unnatural – a false beauty. \"What are you looking at? Never seen a woman ride a horse faster than you or something\" came a dry voice. Godfrey realised he had been staring at her as they were moving; her green eyes were searching his face for any sign that he was thinking of something that he shouldn't be. He shook his head and once again tried to survey the surroundings and then he tried to recall the path before but it was too late he couldn't remember anything that would help him find the path again. He could feel her eyes boring into the back of his head, and then he heard her horse whiny. He turned his horse around to see her dismounting . . . what was its name again? Eltibo or something like that - her horse anyway but why? \"What are you doing?\" Godfrey looked up at the sky, hoping that the light would give him some indication of how much further they would have to ride but the branches blocked his view. \"It can't be sunset or nearly dark so why . . .\" \"Because Eltivo needs a drink and food and Coal needs them as well.\" She snapped angrily as she led Eltivo towards a patch of grass. Godfrey was surprised, he had never told her what his horse was called, he never even called the beast by that name it was just what the stable boys had called him because of his black coat. He looked down at the horse, and could see the sweat streaming of its coat and the foam coming from its mouth- yes, it would need to rest or else it wouldn't make the journey. He dismounted and led his horse over to the same patch where Eltivo was eating and watched it eat and regarded Ciallmhar out of the corner of his eyes, she was stroking Eltivo's neck and watching with care obvious on her face. \"I never told you what my horse was called.\" Godfrey said as he started to pat his horse's neck- he could tell that Ciallmhar was looking at him again; he could feel her eyes on him. \"How did you know he was called Coal?\" he turned to face her and was surprised at the intensity in her eyes; it felt like she was pinning him and searching through his thoughts, he could feel a slight sensation at the back of his neck like something was pinching him there. Her answer disturbed him even more. \"He told me\" \"Who did?\" \"Coal did, he told me that's what the stable boys called him\" Godfrey was perplexed, was she mad? She didn't look like someone who had lost their reasoning and despite the surreal explanation- she had been correct about the stable boys. Godfrey's mounting concern must've shown on his face (or she had read his mind, both worried him but he had to rationalise) because then she said calmly \"I'm not mad, I just have a way with animals. I can listen to them, something very few people can do\" Ciallmhar said the last part with what sounded like a sense of pride that she could do something most people would either call ridiculous or witchcraft. Rather than dwell on it Godfrey decided to change the topic \"that's a good build for a horse\" he said nodding his head towards Eltivo \"he must be descended from a war horse or a thoroughbred.\" Godfrey didn't know much about horses but he knew enough to see that her horse had been well bred and cared for, and if she knew about horses it would provide another source of interesting conversation and maybe an idea to her background. Ciallmhar gave him an amused look that gave him the feeling she could see his attempt to change the conversation. \"He is a war horse, aren't you Eltivo?\" Eltivo looked up at her, like a dog responding to petting. \"I see, so where did you get him?\" Godfrey was curious as to how a poor female traveller managed to get a war horse. They were expensive to buy and more expensive to keep and unless she had somehow got the money to buy him, he presumed she had stolen him. \"He was a gift.\" Well, she must have wealthy friends then, or maybe a wealthy lover . Somehow he managed to convince himself that she had no lover or husband, mainly on the basis of if she did have a lover, they wouldn't have let her come all this way on her own and then expect her to come back to England by herself, and also there was no wedding band on her finger so she didn't seem to have or had a husband. This meant there was only one way to find out who gave him to her then. \"Can I ask who gave it to you?\" whoever did give it -\" \"Eltivo, not it, Eltivo.\" Ciallmhar glared at him as if she had been the one insulted. \"Sorry, Eltivo, I'm sorry\" Godfrey said holding his hands up in mock surrender \"but still whoever gave Eltivo . . . (he was sure that he saw the horses ears prick up at being addressed by his name) to you must have been wealthy to keep or buy such a horse.\" She wasn't even looking at him when she said \"He was\". When she said it she didn't express any emotion, her face and voice had gone back to the neutral tones she had when they had first met. Although he was curious to know who this he was Godfrey wouldn't pry. He tried to study her eyes to see if there was any sign of emotion in them as he found while the tongue could lie, the eyes don't, and they were the best way to see someone's emotions. But as soon as he tilted his head to see her eyes better, she turned to face him and he could see her eyes were like glass coverings. He didn't turn away this time, he had nothing to be ashamed of in his opinion, and then he heard something that made him feel mortified- his own stomach rumbling loudly. To his horror he felt the skin around his cheeks heat up, he was blushing! It made him feel like stupid stable boy. He had never blushed, not as an adult, not as a grown man so rather than let her see his blush he turned his head away unable and started to stroke his horse on the neck to keep his mind of what just happened and to avoid having to look at her cocked eyebrows and her mouth that was struggling keep in a thin line. She said \"someone sounds like their hungry, I have some food in the bag if it helps\", he looked up at her and saw she was smiling rather than smirking. \"Do you want some bread? I can't vouch for taste but its better than nothing\" she continued in her cheery tone. He was glad she took it as a joke and he nodded at the thought of food \"that will be fine; I've had stale bread most of the way here.\" She pulled a face and started to rummage in the saddle bag but then Godfrey remembered the amount of time he had left \"do we have time to stop and-\" he stopped because Ciallmhar turned and rolled her eyes so he took it as a yes but then another problem hit him \"will there be enough food for the rest of us for the journey, I have only a small amount of bread left that was never going to last the journey.\" \"That's bad organisation then isn't it?\" she said in a matter of fact tone as she pulled out a large roll of bread \"but yes, I have loads and if we run out I can fish.\" She tore of a chunk and offered it to him; he was now feeling annoyed that she dared criticise him but at the same time he had to admit that she had a fair point which annoyed him even more. She wasn't finished though, as if sensing his annoyance she said \"I would've thought that someone as wealthy and well to do as you would have at least thought to pack a decent amount of provisions\" she said accusingly but instead of snapping back as he wanted to do he tore into his bread but Ciallmhar continued \"wouldn't it have been a good decision to make sure you at least had a good amount of money so you could buy some food?\" Godfrey could feel his temper rising as he could hear her undertones quite clearly – she was saying he was an idiot for not being organised for this journey. \"Even the best laid plans can go wrong\" he replied trying to keep the anger out of his voice after he had finished eating. He was determined not to lose his temper with her other wise he could lose her guidance in this dammed forest and he was also determined not to let her know she had angered him. Especially with her face still, passive but the corners of her lips seemed to be smirking, and it annoyed him that she could make him so angry and he couldn't do anything. \"Are you finished yet?\" she asked in an impatient tone while strumming her fingers and he nodded only because if he opened his mouth he'd probably ask her why she acted as if he was taking so long. Which he wasn't. It had been her idea to stop in the first place. \"Good, now get on your horse . . . your high horse as a matter of fact so it won't be difficult\" and she smiled as if humoured by her own joke. Godfrey scowled but didn't say anything and got on his horse as she did the same, was she testing him? Godfrey sat in stony silence, fuming over the fact that a peasant, a woman had dared insult him. She was making it difficult for him to figure her out, she seemed so flippant- one moment perfectly pleasant, the next perfectly insulting. \"Something on your mind?\" Ciallmhar asked sounding perfectly innocent; she knew she had annoyed him, she was just agitating him again. Godfrey would not lose his temper just because of what a traveller woman said. \"I was just thinking about what I'll tell his majesty Phill-\" \"Can't you just say Phillip of France? It would save a lot of time\" Ciallmhar butted in heatedly. Godfrey's temper snapped and he raised his voice just slightly to make her aware that he was a noble and not an idiot for her to boss around \" Don't interrupt me again! I won't be told what to do and what to say especially by a woman. I'll call him what I please!\" Godfrey hadn't meant to sound terribly angry but he hadn't been able to keep the frustration out of his voice. The frustration that if he was late or lost for the rendezvous, his plan would fail. The frustration that he was relying on a woman for help. The fact that when she had said little words to him that were insulting just then, he snapped and when he snapped back at her, she seemed unafraid. In fact, she was so unafraid she decided to snap back. \"Don't snap at me! Good grief- are you nobles always so sensitive?\" \"I'm not sensitive, just don't interrupt when I-\" \"I was just telling you that you could say just his name without all his titles-\" \"You interrupted me again!\" Godfrey was getting louder now and so was she. And the wind in the trees, in fact it was almost howling. \"If I want to address him by his titles I will. And don't ever interrupt me again woman!\" \"DON'T you EVER tell ME what to do!\" she almost bellowed- no she looked angry but Godfrey hadn't realised how unnerving it was that her eyes were like to hot coals blazing or the fact that when the wind whipped her hair back from her face her pale skin and dark eyes made her look something unnatural. She breathed in slowly and when she exhaled Godfrey realised he had been holding his breath. \"And for another matter, don't call me woman, my names Ciallmhar so call me that, got it?\" Godfrey would not be intimidated by this woman and he was going to make sure that sooner or later she realised his power so he said \"yes Ciallmhar, I understand perfectly\" as sarcastically as possible without braking eye contact. \"Hey enough sarcasm, that's my forte baldy so let's move along shall we?\" she smirked at seeing his scowl return. No one had ever remarked on his appearance and yet she dared. Fine if that's how she wanted to play, then fine. He knew many insults that were better than that. \"Very well . . . carrot top\" it was childish he knew but if it stopped her annoying him or at least shut her up for a few moments than it was worth it. Although he would've rather held a discussion like they had had earlier, much more dignified, much more interesting. \"Well, I've never had that one before, I'm really hurt now move\" Ciallmhar replied sarcastically and with that she rode off shouting over her shoulder \"keep up if you can, egg head, neither me nor Phillip are going to wait for you.\" And then Godfrey realised she had meant this as a joke, not to hurt his pride or to be cruel but as a tease on his pride. He set of to catch up with her and they somehow slipped in a childish insults that were both funny and annoying (mostly for Godfrey) in every conversation till they stopped for the night. If you review I shall luv u forever, so please do. Friendly + constructive criticism please ;)[Chapter 6] And thank you for all the reviews. Please tell me if u think that the last chapter was a bit weird- I just thought it would be funny if Godfrey had the mickey taken out of him. \"What do you mean, you refuse to?\" Ciallmhar growled at him. Godfrey sighed, if anything just to annoy her. She had just asked him to go and fetch the fire wood, then start the fire and then gut and cook the fish that she had caught and then she expected him to give her all his food so she could keep it safe from what is what I would like to know. Godfrey had realised that he would have to pull his own weight when he took this journey but what he hadn't bargained for was doing most of the work while all she did was tend to the horses. He wasn't her servant; he certainly wasn't going to give her the last of his food, what was going to stop her from running away with it if he did? Although he was curious about her, there was still some part of him that didn't trust her and like wise she probably didn't trust him completely. The few times that Ciallmhar hadn't seemed guarded or neutral where only when he'd managed to annoy her, when she managed to forget that he was there or she seemed perfectly happy but that he reminded himself was only when she was insulting me or racing her horse. \"It means I refuse to do any more work until I see you do something other than pet the horses\" Godfrey hoped she wouldn't get into a temper as she did before, they were going to be stuck together for 7 days \"it means I'm not going to give you the last of my food no matter what you say you're going to do with it.\" \"I am working! I caught that fish, I took care of both the horses, and I found us both a safe place to sleep!\" her voice was low but Godfrey knew she was angry, he noticed that she gave the illusion that she grew an inch or seemed more powerful (especially when her hair seemed to move when there was no wind) whenever she was angry but Godfrey knew that was nonsense. It was just the night and the poor light playing tricks on his eyes, nothing more. \"Look you are going to get fire wood even if I have to kick you into doing it, so there\" she said with a command of someone higher than herself but Godfrey wasn't moving. He was getting somewhat annoyed at her haughtiness and even though earlier it had impressed him, now it was getting annoying. \"If you want the firewood so quickly why are we wasting time-\" \"Exactly! So stop questioning everything I say and do it like I asked you ages ago, your not scared are you or maybe your just lazy. Maybe a big city boy like you didn't think he had to work now that he had a companion . . .\" Godfrey opened his mouth to argue and say that he wasn't lazy and he was certainly not scared but something at the bottom of his stomach flickered at the term 'companion' and his moth closed again. If she noticed, Ciallmhar gave no sign and continued \" . . . but I can assure you I am not going to do all the work, not without a decent amount of pay and seen as I know you have very little, that isn't going to happen.\" Godfrey sighed inwardly; he wouldn't let her get to him but he wasn't going to fetch the firewood at least, not on my own. He looked her in the eye and said \"fine, I'll do it if you do some work as well\" she shrugged casually and gave a nod of her head and they walked together into the trees. He hoped to get some more information from her, and he remembered a lesson from his training its better to have your enemy next to you where you can see them than behind you. He remembered all his lessons well, that's how you became a real warrior, his instructor had once told him, remember all your lessons, never forget and you will never fall in battle. Well, he wasn't in a real battle now but Godfrey was still wary, Ciallmhar was silent as she picked up twigs and fallen branches, sometimes turning a branch over with her foot and then leaving it, soon she had a large bundle in her arms whereas Godfrey had only managed to pick up a few twigs. His only excuse was that she had managed to pick up most of the branches that weren't wet or covered with fungi; he wouldn't admit that he had been staring at her. Staring at how her pale skin seemed even paler now or how her hazel eyes seemed to glint in the dark, like cats eyes. He shook his head; he mustn't get distracted, not now that he was so close to Phillip. He bent over to pick up a small twig that looked dry and as he did Ciallmhar said \"you could have at least worked a little faster, don't you think?\" \"I'm sorry, but you moved a lot faster than I did\" and then Godfrey decided to add \"besides you seemed so eager, and why work when others will do it for you?\" he quickly had to duck as a well aimed twig was thrown his way. \"Talk about poor aim, I've seen infants throw better-\", he was cut of by another twig thrown at him. This one hit its mark, right in the middle of his face. \"Annoy me like that again and I'll stick these twigs somewhere that would make it difficult for you to ride horse again for a few weeks\" and with that she threw another twig and then turned back towards the camp. Godfrey's temper flared again, but he was still unsure whether she actually meant she would hurt him or she was just being comical \"well, what a waste of firewood, all your hard work wasted then\" he shouted after her. He got no response but something nagged him that annoying her wouldn't help him, so he picked up the twigs that she had thrown and walked back to the camp. He was so annoying, far too confident of himself just like every other noble she'd seen. This Godfrey thought he was quick but she was quicker, she didn't need armour or wealth to keep herself safe, and he had lived far too comfortably to really understand that wealth was no guarantee of skill. And honestly, shouting! Did he have no grasp on the situation, if they were attacked by bandits, she might just leave him there. Oh look here he comes; she could hear that chain mail rustling a mile away, the fact that he was stepping on every twig and leaf on the forest floor also helped. Yes, there he was, bald head gleaming like a poached egg, she sniggered to herself, she sniggered even more when she saw how he frowned when he saw the fire roaring beside her, hadn't expected me to get it ready without him, well that's your loss. Taking an age, staring at me thinking I didn't notice. That was something that irked her, he had stared at her, not in the way greedy lecherous idiots stared, not the shocked stare that she often received from well to do, respectable people who saw her but just staring. If he tried anything, she would be ready, she was better armed than she looked and if that failed, she always had her own little advantages that she doubted he would even consider. Half an hour later, they were sitting at opposite ends of the fire, and every few minutes Godfrey would look over to her to see what she was doing, they had shared a little bread, and when Godfrey had offered to go hunting, Ciallmhar simply asked \"hunt what?\", it was true though, Godfrey agreed, there were no birds or any other sounds apart from the roar and crackle of the fire and even the horses seemed unusually quiet. The bread that they had eaten had sufficed but he was still hungry, and the small bread Ciallmhar had taken out had been torn in two for both of them to eat, hardly something to sleep well on. He knew there must be more bread in her saddle bag but she didn't seem willing to share, and she had taken all of his supplies and put them in her bag. If she was trying to rob him than she was doing it in a rather odd kind of way, but then again she was an odd kind of woman anyway besides if she really wanted to have robbed him she wouldn't have saved him. Maybe she expects some kind of reward for all her supposed trouble, well that was fine with him so long as he got to Phillip. He just hoped she wasn't expecting something to expensive; a handful of silver pieces should do, after all peasants really couldn't be picky on what rewards they get, she should be grateful if she ever got anything at all. He glanced over at her again; she was still reading her small book. How on Earth can she still be reading after half an hour and stay so still ? Godfrey had never been one to stay in one place doing one thing at a time, he was a man of action, he wasn't unintelligent but he was born to fight and couldn't strand having to be in one place to long. Than something unwanted crossed his mind she looks rather beautiful. As if she had read this thought her eyes flicked back up sharply, and once again Godfrey realised he had been caught staring. And once again he could feel the unwanted blush spread across his face and without even thinking about it he looked away. \"Do you see something like better than yourself Godfrey\" He tried to ignore how whatever it was that was in his stomach fluttered again at hearing her say his name, and he turned his head back to face her, his resolve hardened and silently vowing to never let that happen again \"no, I was just wondering how you managed to get that book, and how you managed to learn how to read, not many peasants know how to read, let alone buy a book.\" \"Firstly I bought this book, so if you were thinking that I stole, I didn't. Secondly I was taught how to read and write from an early age and . . . I'm sure I've already told you this.\" She looked at him as if he was trying to trick her into saying something she shouldn't. \"No, no I'm sure you didn't, I never asked before.\" Godfrey said what is it with this woman? Why does she keep thinking I mean her harm? Because in a way, you do he answered himself. \"Fine, I was just sure you asked before, I get asked all the time about it\" she said relaxing visibly, then out of the blue \"where exactly do you come from?\" he was surprised but he wouldn't show it. Ciallmhar continued \"you've asked me a few questions; I think it's only fair I get some answers from you, don't you think?\" That was true; he had been asking her personal questions, the only personal question she had asked was what his name was, so he replied \"in London, as do most of the wealthy. And seen as I am friend to Prince John I need to be near by. \" \"And why does John need to have his friend so close to him all the time\" she sounded like she had heard something interesting in his words, \"surely John has other friends, being as wonderful as he is I'm sure he is one of the most popular men in England. So how on earth could he be parted from you if you're his dearest friend, his closest friend, the one he trusts the most above all others\". If she was trying to make him guilty it wasn't working, Godfrey told himself, John was an idiot that's why he was on this mission and he had told John that he was going to France, it wasn't a total lie it was just that he hadn't told him what he was doing there. \"Exactly, he can be parted from me for a few weeks, and it was an urgent mission that he entrusted only to me\" he smirked; he was using her own words against her to make sure she believed him \"as you say, I was his closest friend so he entrusted this to me alone.\" \"Yes and I can see your very well prepared, he clearly took extreme measures to ensure your safety and comfort.\" Ciallmhar gestured around the camp \"he obviously made sure you had adequate supplies and good directions to get to the camp and he definitely made sure that his best friend would be travelling in a group of well armed and well supplied men.\" Godfrey felt his small victory go down in a few seconds, damn it! This woman was sharper than a blade; he had no good excuse for his poor condition other than his desperation to get here before Richard returned. He had to think of something to say and quick or else she would see his lie and that could cause problems, still he prided himself on being able to think on his feet and he was more than capable of fighting a woman, if that's what it came to. \"Prince John couldn't afford to make all the arrangements himself, and he made it clear the speed would be crucial for this mission to work.\" Godfrey replied casually, keeping his face neutral still silently praying that her smug annoying, knowing look would disappear from her face. \"yes I'm sure it was\" Ciallmhar said in a knowing tone, his prayers were dashed, her face was still smug and Godfrey could start to feel again the small prickling sensation at the back of his neck and he tried to fight down the idea that she could read his mind or that there was something on his face that showed his guilt. He tried to change the subject. \"What is your book about?\" he nodded towards the book still in her hand with her thumb keeping the pages open, \"it looks interesting.\" \"Oh it is, it's very interesting\" she smiled or grinned and suddenly Godfrey noticed how white and sharp her teeth were. He wouldn't be deterred, he was curious as to what could keep a woman so fascinated in a group of words on paper. That's all books were after all. \"Well, what is it about?\" \"This and that, stories, myths and legends nothing more and nothing less\" she replied but Godfrey could hear the guarded tone come into her voice and he could also see her close the book as if there was something in it she didn't want him to see. Godfrey saw this as a good opportunity to get back at her insults and maybe find out a bit more about her; there could be something very interesting in that book. Just one more test to see how precious it was to her. \"Can I have a look at it?\" \"Yes\" that surprised him; he had envisioned her snapping at him and putting it back. \"But only when I've finished reading the entire book.\" And with that she opened it up and started reading again. Godfrey was temporarily stumped but then he had another idea that would annoy her and maybe he could get a glimpse of what was in that book. He stood up and in two strides was standing next to her, and then he sat down. If she was annoyed at this or even scared she gave no sign but kept on reading her book, as if he hadn't moved. Good, he wanted her to keep reading so he could look over her shoulder into the book; he moved his head so he could just see the top left corner, he could see the words but he couldn't see them too clearly so he moved forward just an inch . . . SLAP! He was lying back on the floor checking to see if his nose was broken \"WHAT WAS THAT FOR!\" he breathed in, trying to calm himself, fortunately his nose wasn't broken but it still hurt like hell \"for goodness sake I was simply trying t-\" \"Here's a rule for you, next time don't look over my shoulder or even come that close to me ever again. Seem like a fair deal?\" She cut in. \"Oh and by the way. . .\" she continued as he pulled himself up and glared at her, \"you can stop shouting, I'm not deaf you know.\" Ciallmhar grinned at him, putting on her smug smile on her face. It was infuriating but Godfrey would not, could not lose his temper. But unfortunately Ciallmhar said something that made him far too angry to care. \"I hope I didn't break your nose, a big nose like that, you could smell danger coming a mile away. But then . . .\" she paused just to see if he was fuming, and although he was getting annoyed at her now childish insults, he wouldn't lose his temper. Not now anyway. \"I suppose you're not the total weakling, scared, soft, girl's dress I though you were when I first saw you.\" Godfrey was unsure at this point whether he was angry or shocked but Ciallmhar still wasn't finished \"at least I don't think you are now, anyway, time will tell though.\" Godfrey finally snapped. He had made up his mind and he was definitely angry. No-one called him weak! Especially not a peasant woman with nothing but a good horse and a mouthful of cheek. \"I was just trying to see what you were reading! Why do you have to hit me every time you get upset! You have gone through my personal belongings and yet I'm not allowed to even look!\" he shouted \"Will you quiet down, there are-\" she hissed but Godfrey was beyond caring anymore, any bandits who heard, he would gladly give them a taste of his fury and blade. \" I don't care, I can deal with them\" he shouted even louder, \"in fact I think I would rather deal with a bunch of filthy bandits than have to put up with an annoying, rude peasant woman who only opens her mouth to insult people!\" \"Will you shut-\" \"No I will not shut up, maybe you should, perhaps you haven't read in one of your books that the best women are the ones who know when to speak and even better what not to say to their superiors!\" \"Superiors! You! My superior. I think not, I saved your life, give you bread and a better place to sleep and you actually think I consider you my superior!\" Ciallmhar continued in her low hiss, \"you absolute pompous idiot! You should be grateful, grateful I didn't leave you to drown and take your money and food, as I'm sure you would. You should be grateful I don't just hit you over the head right now and leave you-\" \"You hit me, I don't think so!\" Godfrey laughed, now this was getting ridiculous, \"I have had years of military training, I have years of practice with a blade and you . . .\" he gestured towards her sword \"have nothing but a poor quality sword that you barely know how to use. I don't think you really would want to fight me, Ciallmhar, trust me you'll only hurt yourself.\" Ciallmhar didn't say anything; she just stood there, and her eyes were blazing as she reached for her sword. Godfrey felt something kick in the pit of his stomach as he watched her unsheathe her sword and then swing it without even cutting herself. She has experience Godfrey thought in the back of his mind, brilliant because if she wanted to challenge him right now, it would be a lot harder than he originally thought, as he watched her swing the sword at her side even faster. Then she stopped suddenly, and casually sheathed it again. \"Still convinced you can beat me so easily, Godfrey?\" Once again Godfrey could feel something flutter in his stomach at his name but he ignored it. His rage was still bubbling but he would not ever make the same mistake again. Suddenly a howl pierced the silence, and both he and the horses gave a start. Then another howl, and then another until there was an entire deadly chorus filling the night, and they sounded close! \"Scared of wolves are you? I did try to warn you.\" Ciallmhar said as if wolves nearby were as scary as squirrels. \"When did you warn me? You never said that they would be this close.\" Godfrey was not scared of wolves, what he was scared of was that they would be attacked and they'd lose one of the horses if not both. He'd seen wolf packs at their hunting before and he knew that sometimes they could bring down fully armed soldiers of their horses, if they weren't careful that could be them. \"I did try, that's why I wanted you stop shouting, wolves have a very good sense of hearing you know and they probably heard you. I wouldn't be surprised if Phillip heard you from his camp.\" Ciallmhar said casually again. \"Are you not afraid of wolves, at least for the horses? Wolves are fast and even if we manage to get away, we could still get a nasty bite or-\" \"I know how fast wolves can be, I know what they can do. The question is, are you afraid of a wolf?\" Ciallmhar smirked at him and Godfrey considered the possibility that this woman wasn't scared of anything. \"No, of course not, I just don't want one of the horses or our supplies to get lost.\" Godfrey retorted. He didn't want her to think him a coward, certainly not a weakling as she had suggested he was. \"Aren't you afraid of anything? You don't seem to care about them.\" \"I'm not scared of them and neither should you, trust me they won't come near us.\" Ciallmhar said in the same casual tone, without looking at him. Godfrey started to feel somewhat reassured when Ciallmhar did something terribly strange. She howled, and if Godfrey hadn't known who was doing it, he would've guessed a wolf. As if on queue, the other wolves started to howl back, and Godfrey had a horrible feeling that they were communicating. He fought a mad desire to run or shut her up but he was transfixed, he could a horse whinnying and neighing in distress but only one, the other was silent as if used to this kind of behaviour. She started to howl again, Godfrey had had enough. \"Alright! Enough, what on earth are you doing?\" Godfrey instantly hated how desperate he sounded but Ciallmhar hadn't paid any attention and was still howling with her wolf chorus. Godfrey moved forward and as suddenly as it started Ciallmhar stopped. She looked at him and for a moment her eyes seemed to look almost animal like but Godfrey blinked and her eyes were normal. \"Don't worry city boy, they aren't going to attack us now or any other time.\" Ciallmhar said slowly as if he couldn't understand her. He felt a little bubble of anger underneath his shock but he didn't say anything. She was far to strange to reckon with and Godfrey was tiered of trying to argue with her or figure her out, he would make sure to learn more about her in the morning. \"Well goodnight Godfrey.\" Ciallmhar said suddenly very bright and chirpy, \"we have a while to go yet.\" And she turned around picked up a blanket, threw it over her shoulder and started to climb the nearest tree. Once again Godfrey was stunned, was there no end to the oddities of this woman? \"What are you doing now?\" Godfrey asked as he watched her roll out her blanket on the thickest branch. \"What does it look like I'm doing? I'm making sure you don't try anything. That and I prefer to sleep of the ground, if that's alright with his lordship of annoyingness.\" Godfrey opened his mouth to argue that firstly he wasn't going to do anything to her unless she did something to him and secondly he hated to be ridiculed and if she insulted him again, he would retaliate. But it wasn't worth it, now he could see that she only meant her insults to be taken as a joke and not as a serious insult. And if he said anything she would take it as a joke unless he meant for it to hurt her, strange woman was the only thing he could think of, and she would probably get a lot stranger. But still no point in thinking about it now, he needed to get up early if he wanted to make it to Phillip in time. So he went and rolled out his blanket and lay down, looking forward to the next few days with this strange woman. A lone wolf howled in the distance and when Godfrey sat up straight Ciallmhar only laughed and said \"don't worry city boy.\" He turned his head to make sure he could see no wolves and pulled his sword closer to him, and after what felt like ages waiting for a wolf attack, Godfrey finally closed his eyes to sleep. Ciallmhar howling with her lamp like eyes was the last thing on his mind before it succumbed to slumber.[Chapter 7] a/n im sorry but I don't think I'll be doing any more chapters for a while because I have exams coming up in may and I cant fit it all in. I will try to get some more chaps up but until then thank u for those who reviewed![Chapter 8] He was surrounded by gold, gold coins gold plates and cups. The smell of cold metal filled his nose; he couldn't even see the floor or walls because mountains upon mountains of gold and precious stones filled the entire room. He put his hand forward to touch one of the heaps of gold and his fist closed over a few coins, he was inwardly rejoicing even the wealthiest kings couldn't dream of this kind of fortune . . . but then his hand started to burn. It burned like a hot poker and now much he willed his fingers to uncurl they wouldn't move, the heat in the room was rising till it felt like a furnace, Godfrey couldn't move his feet but he could feel something swirl around them. The metallic smell now became a stench. Godfrey turned his head down and saw that blood was seeping through the carpet of coins. There was a noise in his head and the burning in his hand was still searing his skin, then he heard a voice murmuring lowly. He couldn't hear the words or recognise the voice but the voice seemed comforting and as the voice seemed to get louder, the pain seemed to lessen. Then he felt something push his head down to look at the floor, the sea of blood had risen to his knees. As he looked the blood seemed to swirl to form a face. A grinning, wide eyed face. A face he recognised. Then something shook him, and he woke up with a start. Ciallmhar stood over him, face impassive and offered him a water bottle. Godfrey took without thanks and relished the taste of water and the coolness it gave his hand. When Godfrey had finished with his drink, he watched Ciallmhar as she moved around the camp- she clearly had been up for a while because her blanket and the saddle bag were on her horse; also there were a few crumbs on her tunic so she had eaten. \"Are you alright? I'm guessing it was another nightmare\" Ciallmhar said as if she was talking about the weather.\" I wouldn't be surprised if it was though\" she said thoughtfully \"because nightmares can often reflect what goes on in your mind, and goodness knows what goes on in your mind.\" Godfrey was firstly surprised that she was interested in his welfare and then even more surprised because, in his opinion, she sounded like she wanted to know what he was thinking. He thought there was no point lying to her and decided to give her an answer. \"Yes I'm alright, it was just a nightmare but I didn't think you cared though Ciallmhar\" he said as he got up. She didn't turn but remained stock still as Godfrey walked closer to her with every word, \"Do you care though? Do you want to know what happened in my nightmare? Do you really want to know what goes on in my mind?\" She turned around and gave him another one of her piercing looks. They were only inches apart. He kept his face neutral, he had said nothing offensive and he had nothing to be ashamed of, he had never been made to feel ashamed for most of his life. \"Just get yourself moving, you're the one who was in so much of a hurry that he nearly drowned himself to deliver a message\" she sighed, rolled her eyes and walked away suddenly making Godfrey realise how close they had been. He turned and fought down a smirk, maybe it was possible he was starting to understand her; he knew that she didn't enjoy having him too close to her which was a start. About five minutes later, they had set off again. Ciallmhar had remained perfectly silent since they had last spoke but whenever he had his back turned Godfrey could feel her eyes boring into him like hot knives. He would turn around expecting her to try and hide her gaze but instead she looked him full in the eye giving Godfrey a crystal clear message- I am not afraid of you. Strange but interesting Godfrey thought, most people had been afraid of him, grown men and especially women, because of his wealth and they knew not to cross him and show respect. But then again Ciallmhar seemed to be a contradiction to everything he had known, or maybe she didn't realise just how important he was, or going to be Godfrey reminded himself. Right now they were riding again but this time Ciallmhar was slightly behind, mostly because Godfrey had set his horse of at a run as soon as he mounted only to realise that Ciallmhar was talking to her precious Eltivo. And after what felt like ages for her to prepare him, she mounted and set him off at a slow trot while Godfrey got more irate by the minute, he decided quickly that he would ride ahead but not too far, he wanted to keep an eye on her and he needed her to show him the way. She's doing it deliberately to annoy me but annoying as she was Godfrey felt that she was too rare to try and punish now. Perhaps after his mission and he had more men, he would be able to hold Ciallmhar down and get some more information from her, and if he was feeling generous and if she would comply, he might offer a place for her in his plans and give her a reward provided she respected him and could follow orders. Yes it could be possible, despite the fact that she was a woman, she had some skill with a sword and she didn't seem to be wealthy so the promise of great wealth might persuade her to comply. Then suddenly his horse reared up and Godfrey had to grasp the reins tightly to prevent himself from falling off, his horse calmed down and Godfrey saw that a rabbit had ran out in front of his horse. \"What happened?\" Ciallmhar asked riding up beside him. Somehow she had managed to catch up with him just in time to see him look like a fool. She looked at the rabbit which seemed to look back at her, then stand on its hind legs, twitch its nose and jump of back into the bushes. If anyone else had seen this they would've thought she was asking the rabbit, she didn't even look at Godfrey. \"Nothing, the horse gave a start that's all, nothing for you to be concerned about\" Godfrey said sarcastically, if she was going to be fighting under him he was firstly going to have to figure out what made her tick. \"Well, at least you didn't fall of like some of the so called nobles I've seen, so stop being so miserable already\" Ciallmhar said coolly. Godfrey looked at her closely, she seemed perfectly calm and somehow the fact that she had insulted him didn't seem to bother him as much. \"We could go a lot faster than this, the sooner we get there the sooner I'll feel more comfortable and leave.\" Godfrey waited for a response but he didn't get one, she only stared at him, only this time it wasn't her piercing glare but a much gentler look, and then she leaned closer, frowning like there was something in his eyes she had seen that she hadn't before. It was awkward and uncomfortable but Godfrey didn't say anything or even move, he wondered what she was searching for and if she saw something she liked. He would not act ashamed or embarrassed in front of her, he started to search her eyes and thoughts of his mission started to trickle away unnoticed. Suddenly she reared back, her eyes were still locked onto his but in horror, her face had been open and friendly, now it tightened and became forbidding. The spell was broken and Godfrey remembered his mission and realised that his eyes were watering from their little staring contest, but what really interested Godfrey now was what she had seen? Ciallmhar was looking ahead at the road and said quickly \"if you want to get there quicker, then fine but don't expect me to wait for you.\" With that she set of Eltivo at full gallop leaving Godfrey both amused and confused. He shook his head to pull himself back to his senses and raced after her, trying to keep his thoughts on his mission but every time he did, Ciallmhar's eyes entered his thoughts. Ciallmhar stayed silent until they stopped to camp, she would barely even look at him, and although Godfrey often preferred silence this tense silence just agitated him even more. Just as he was about to speak Ciallmhar said something strange. \"What exactly are you planning to discuss with Phillip again?\" Godfrey stayed silent for a moment before he replied \"I told you, we are discussing an alliance on behalf of England.\" Why was she asking again? Her tone of voice made it clear to Godfrey that she didn't trust him, or not as much as he wanted her to. That could be a problem. \"I know what you said earlier, but exactly why would England want an alliance with France? I've been in King Richard's camps and he's robbing every French village and castle he comes across.\" Godfrey didn't know what to say to that, it was probably true and anyone with a sense of logic could determine that Godfrey wasn't being completely honest about the whole thing just by listening to that sentence, damn it ! Fortunately Godfrey had always been a good liar, lying to parents, nobility and royalty. Ciallmhar would believe him and Godfrey would just have to watch what he said \"well that is King Richards decision but I'm here on behalf of Prince John.\" \"And why is John interested in an alliance with France hmmm? And for that matter why would Phillip even want to consider an alliance with the English royal family who have pretty much destroyed most of France?\" Ciallmhar started to sound angry, not scared or confused which Godfrey had been expecting and hoping for, it would be easier to lie to her that way. She was far too confident in her own knowledge and Godfrey realised that sooner or later he was either going to have to tell her or she would figure it out. Preferably he could get to Philip before she got too wary and tried to do something irrational that would only get her hurt. \"'I'm only doing what I have been ordered to do by John! Whether or not Phillip wants an alliance, the option must still be there and I was sent to give him the news that England will welcome French trade and an alliance, I am simply following orders there is nothing I can do!\" Godfrey was lying as best as he can, staring her down, trying to exert his authority which always worked with others. Technically it wasn't as bad as a complete lie; they would welcome French trade because if everything went according to plan England would become a French colony. \"Whatever but I don't trust this you, I don't trust your motives and I don't trust Phillips men not to kill you if you annoy them or do something stupid.\" Ciallmhar replied and from the look on her face, Godfrey knew this was the end of the discussion. She walked away slowly and Godfrey decided that she would be better captured than allowed to run lose. She was far too dangerous to his plans to stay free, but far too interesting to be killed. The next few days followed in a similar pattern, Godfrey would wake up sweating and screaming from nightmares which were getting worse, Ciallmhar, who was always fully dressed and wide awake, would offer him a drink of water from her water satchel and then wait for him to get ready. When he was they would set of at full speed silently unless Ciallmhar told him to go left or right. Godfrey often wondered what it was that she had seen in him that made her stop trusting him, he equally wondered how he was going to keep her away from the camp, and then make sure he could capture her afterwards. Finally it came to him the night before he would get to the camp. \"How are you planning to get to England Ciallmhar?\" Ciallmhar looked at him over the fire. This was the first time in a while that Godfrey had asked her a direct question. \"A boat.\" Godfrey snorted; trust Ciallmhar to give him such an evasive answer. \"Yes but where are you getting the boat? Do you have enough money to pay for the fare?\" he needed to know, he knew how he was getting back- if he could convince her to come to the port with him he might be able to keep her under his watch. \"I should have enough money for passage, as for the first question that's just being nosy\" Ciallmhar said with something that sounded like humor. Godfrey felt a very small smile tug at his lips, at least if she became friendlier, he would be able to convince her to join him- besides if he had to capture her if that's what it took, she could travel for free. \"I was thinking, after my mission, we could travel back to England together.\" Ciallmhar just looked at him so Godfrey continued \"it's probably better that you go ahead of me, and wait for me. I don't think Phillip will be too happy if I bring someone else to his camp, this is very confidential after all.\" Ciallmhar was still silent so Godfrey decided to keep talking until he got an answer, \"perhaps you could wait in Broceliande forest, that's beyond the camp and near a port so it wouldn't be too long before we could get back to England, besides there will be no fare anyway and it will be less crowded than some of the miserable little rafts I've seen.\" Still no response. Godfrey inwardly groaned, if she was going to be this stubborn he might as well try and subdue her now. Then, to his delight Ciallmhar sighed and said \"I was going through that path anyway but if there's no charge then fine.\" Godfrey couldn't explain the whooping sensation inside his stomach but never the less, this was a small victory for him. \"However . . .\" the whooping sensation went, Ciallmhar smiled at the sudden frown appearing on his face. \"However, if you try anything while I'm on that ship, you or anyone else I'll throw them over board or whatever it takes to get rid of them. Understood?\" \"Of course but I doubt anyone will try to harm you, I certainly won't.\" Godfrey gave her his most reassuring smile, or as close as he could get to it. \"Very well. It's agreed tomorrow I will take you halfway to the camp, you won't need directions after that and I shall ride on and meet you in Broceliande forest.\" It was amazing how neutral she could keep her face and for so long, Godfrey thought but that was irrelevant now. Tomorrow would be one of the best and most important days in his life. He was burning and somehow drowning as well. He was drowning in blood and weights of solid gold were dragging him down. Fiery pits were waiting for him at the bottom, all around him he could hear screaming and the clanging of swords. The screaming was getting louder and Godfrey somehow knew that it was all coming from one person, then he heard his name. Godfrey, Godfrey, Godfrey. Louder and louder until it came from right behind him. He turned and saw Ciallmhar with her hair flowing and blood running down her face. She opened her mouth and he felt something cut along his lip, he tried to say something but then a sharp piercing pain cut his throat. He woke up screaming. \"You only need to go straight on from here and you should reach his camp in a short while.\" Godfrey looked in the direction Ciallmhar was pointing, it would be easy from here. He looked at her and decided to take one last look at her weapons and horse so he could easily find her again. Ciallmhar faced him and said \"Godfrey, you should know that people who go looking for blood usually find their own spilled. Be aware of that.\" Godfrey looked at her confused and she traced a line from his mouth to the side of his cheek, painfully and slowly. Godfrey was confused and somehow wanted her to touch him again. Ciallmhar turned her horse towards the path that led into the forest and with one last look at him she rode off. Godfrey gave a look in her direction and then set his horse of towards the camp, his armour and helmet feeling heavier than they ever had before and the ghost of Ciallmhars words and touch still hanging around him.[Chapter 9] Sorry I haven't uploaded in a while. I haven't been feeling particularly inspired and I was doing a lot x 100 of work. I have also done another fanfiction story called 'the darkest night' which is under marion zimmer bradeley. Not that great but reviews are SO APPRECIATED. ANYWAY, HOPE THIS IS OK. Also the servant/idiot is that other bald guy in the film whose name I can't seem to remember, so hopefully that makes things clearer. He had felt paranoid the last few hours of his journey, the forest seemed so much more sinister without her. He wasn't afraid but he had become so used to her company that now his loneliness seemed more evident. Then he had come to the camp: well, that had been interesting. He had expected to have to do something drastic and to kill a king was definitely extreme- but he wasn't afraid. It wasn't his job that was making Godfrey feel uneasy, it wasn't the fact that he was betraying his friend and England to the French. No it wasn't that which had made him check his surroundings, made him feel unsettled in the camp as he was told by Phillip what he would have to do. It was the feeling that he was being watched, and not by one of Phillips men either. He had to look round to see if anyone was looking his way but he didn't catch anyone staring at him. Good grief the intensity of the feeling- it took all he had not to itch and move around, trying to take in everything Phillip said and not turn around and find out who it was that was staring at him or trying to listen to his conversation. The feeling was like to blunt knives were being driven into the back of his head. But when his instructions were over and he could move the feeling was gone. It was strange but somehow he felt that whoever it was wasn't part of the camp. He wondered briefly how he was going to find Ciallmhar, and then make sure she didn't tell a single soul without killing her. He knew the road on which Richard was to come through, but he knew further on that road was were the ports were, were his ship back to England was and somehow he needed to make sure Ciallmhar was under his watch without her knowing too much. No easy task, but he was sure that with a few French arrows pointed her way and the promise of gold she would agree to travel with him. Something about what she had said to him before, and the feeling of being spied on made Godfrey want to make sure that every lose end was tied up. He would have to find her, make sure that she wasn't at the scene of the crime, somewhere where he could find her- he studied the map and saw that there was only one road to the ports in the North, damn. He would have to find her and make her go ahead, perhaps wait at the small village he could see on the map, any visible landmark that they both would be able to remember, that meant he would have to make his move against the soon to be dead king quick, it also meant that he would have to either keep secrets from the rest of his men, or inform them and then explain why they couldn't harm her. Both seemed difficult. If Godfrey left now to find her, the camp could become suspicious and besides who knew if he actually could find her, she might have left, she could be anywhere. Halfway to the ports, meeting with someone, safe and warm in an inn . . . dead in a ditch. Godfrey didn't know why that made his stomach feel like a rock had been dropped into it, but he struggled to suppress the images of her pale throat being slit. Nonsense, she was armed she couldn't die. Maybe she was taken by bandits- not dead but raped! He told himself that was unlikely, she looked like she could fight off a threat. But he still couldn't get rid of the feeling of unease, so he did the only thing he could think of, he lied to the men and told them he was making a quick trip to get the lay of the land. He told himself that the reason he was walking fast was because he was eager to kill Richard and start his work in England \"Where are you going?\" Godfrey looked around, he was already nearly onto his horse and now someone was interfering. It was one of the camp men, he had been told that he was coming with him to England, he couldn't quite remember his name but the man was hard to miss, he was tall and bald with a slight dark beard on him. \"To look around, get the lay of the land, I will return\" Godfrey said slowly, forcing himself to relax- he didn't want to look stressed, he didn't want to be stressed. The man simply nodded, and Godfrey mounted his horse and set it of a slight trot. But as soon as he was out of sight of the camp, he set it off as fast as it could go, his eyes and ears straining for any sign of her. -0000000- He'd found her, or rather she had found him. He had gone around the area for five minutes before seeing her standing by the road, one hand holding her sword handle, the other petting Eltivo- she didn't look remotely surprised to see him, but then again she didn't look pleased to see him either. He rode over and quickly dismounted, he tried to make himself seem calm and seeing her alive and unruffled as he had left her made him feel a lot calmer. \"Well? How'd did it go?\" she sounded amused, and yet Godfrey got the feeling she was angry, that there was something bubbling under that cool mask that wanted to hurt him. \"It went very well, but I'm not allowed to discuss further details, I'm sure you understand.\" \"I do, so why are you here and not there planning your next move?\" Godfrey hesitated, there was something that sounded like an accusation in her tone, but he brushed it off and remained collected. \"We already have everything underway, the only thing is I need to know what you are planning, I have work to do and I would rather you not get involved with the business of the campsite and the French.\" \"Oh really, and why is that? I can travel with a camp, I told you I was in King Richards's camp\" Ciallmhar smiled at him coyly, and something about that smile made Godfrey's blood run cold. \"I won't be any trouble, unless of course, someone gives me trouble.\" How could she sound so harmless and yet look so intimidating, if he were a lesser man, the fact that she was armed would have made him more wary but Godfrey felt secure that he could handle her, and he doubted Ciallmhar would be so stupid as to attack him when there were a group of armed men nearby who were there to protect him. \"That is exactly what I'm worried about; a group of tired men who are probably bored and have been kept away from their wives for quite a while, a woman could cause some problems.\" He hoped that would work, it was reasonable, surely she would buy it. \"I can take care of myself.\" Was the immediate reply, brilliant, she sounded insulted that he doubted her skill. \"But then again, I'd rather not have to fight my way out of the forest; I'm in a hurry to get home\" she finished, not looking at him, speaking to him like he was an idiot. He should have been angry at her for her condescending tone, but he was too relieved to say anything. \"Why don't you meet me near the port town up North?\" Godfrey thought it best to get this meeting over and done with, he could give her no choice but to do as he asked- he couldn't afford any mistakes, he would set the pace no matter what. Ciallmhar simply looked at him, as if trying to find a hidden meaning in his words, Godfrey wouldn't be put off. He had found that there was a small town a few miles up the road that Richard would be taking, and eventually killed on, if he made sure she went ahead- preferably if she left for the town now she would be far out of the way. \"There is a small town that you could find easily, you follow this road and keep going-\" \"I know where it is.\" Ciallmhar cut in. Godfrey was thankful for that at least, he wouldn't have to waste time giving her directions; he needed to be back at the camp and making plans for the soon-to-be dead king. He needed to make her leave this area now. \"Can you leave immediately? I think it would be better if you go now and stay in the warmth of an inn.\" Godfrey asked, or rather implied. \"Why?\" Ciallmhar asked, smiling her annoying smile, Godfrey sighed preparing himself to give her a good explanation to go to the town when she said \"oh, never mind, I'll go, I needed to head there anyway.\" Godfrey was starting to get annoyed at the fact that she talked to him like he was the one being inconvenient but he choked back any reaction, he wanted to see her again maybe even use her as part of his plans but only in England once Richard was dead. \"Very good, I shall meet you there in at least two days, if I'm not there sail on to England and go to London, wait near the tower of London docks; I should be able to find you.\" Godfrey was leaving nothing to chance. Ciallmhar mounted her horse, gave one last look and said \"very well but you should know that there are always consequences in everything you do\" Godfrey was confused but didn't show it, Ciallmhar continued to look at him, like she was trying to give him a message. \"Remember that Godfrey\", and she rode off leaving Godfrey to stare at her retreating back and wonder what she meant. -0000- The boy was being dragged along, Jimmy could hardly breathe. He was going to die, he could feel it, he could feel his body going numb from the lack of air- he didn't have the strength to even mentally make a prayer. He was leaving the world, he could only very distantly feel the bumps of the path he was being dragged over. One sharp tug and Jimmy prepared to leave the world; his eyes were clouding over, he could feel his soul leaving him. He heard a distant whizzing near him and then . . . He could breathe- he swallowed huge gulps of air and looked around. A knife had been thrown and had cut through the rope that had nearly strangled him. He glanced around just getting used to his surroundings when he heard the whizzing sound of arrows flying- he did the only thing he could thin off, he curled and covered his face and hoped it would all go away. Godfrey didn't know whether to curse or rejoice. Richard was dead, yes, without him even having to kill him. The battle with the knights, if it could be called that, had been brief and no casualties to his men in that fight. But then they had been attacked, by who and by what he didn't know but what annoyed him was that his nightmares had been getting worse since he left Ciallmhar and they had always ended with him getting a scar on the left side of his face- near his mouth. And now here it was, staring back at him through the blade of his sword. He cursed, in both English and French. He cursed again. It had required stitching, so now he had angry thread pulling the corner of his lips- he was scarred. And by what? Bandits? Whoever they were they clearly had seen too much. Godfrey gingerly touched the scar- damn it stung! If he ever found out who had done this, he'd put them on the rack even if he had to drag them there himself. \"I did try to warn you.\" came a smug voice he knew so well. Godfrey whirled around. Ciallmhar was standing and smirking at him from behind a tree. Godfrey was tempted to ask how the hell she got so close without him hearing her, but then he realised she would just give him an evasive answer so instead he asked \"Was it you who shot me? Did you know anything about this?\" \"No and no again. Whoever it was did it for their own reasons. Although, I have to say I don't think they were your average bandits.\" \"How can you tell?\" \"I just can.\" she boasted. Something clicked. If she had been there to see him be attacked, then that would mean she could have witnessed his attack on the knights. \"What else did you see?\" Ciallmhar gave her usual grin. \"A lot of interesting things. That much I can tell you.\" She was taunting him again. Was this divine intervention? Was it punishment for what he had done, and what he planned to do? \"Such as?\" \"You, knights, soldiers, thieves, fighting, corpses. Nothing out of the ordinary.\" she said while examining her nails. Godfrey could feel panic start to build in him. But if she had wanted to warn someone of what she had seen, surely Ciallmhar would have gone ahead, maybe (if she had been feeling particularly brave), she would have tried to attack him. None of her words or actions made sense to him. \"And what do you plan to do now?\" \"Nothing. Other than repeat that I did warn you, and then take a look at that scar. I don't really think your lackey did a good job.\" She stepped closer. Godfrey instantly felt more wary and tensed up. He had to be ready for anything she might try and do. How could he trust her now that she had seen him at his work? What else did she know that she hadn't told him? Ciallmhar came closer. \"Stop fussing. If I wanted to attack you, I would have done it from a distance with a bow and arrow. And considering how easily whoever it was managed to sneak up and give you that, it would have been much easier for me to kill you.\" Godfrey also thought that was a fair point but he didn't say so. He had no desire to give Ciallmhar the satisfaction of knowing that she could be right. Ciallmhar put her hand on her hips, in a motherly fashion and hissed \"Are you going to stay still and let me look at that? Or are you going to keep moving about and run away back to your lackey to save you?\" Godfrey fought back a groan. He hated to admit it but she looked far more capable of dealing with injuries than his servant, and that meant she was right. Godfrey hated it when someone thought they were right and he was wrong, and he loathed the fact that with Ciallmhar around, she always had some way of making him feel a fool. \"Fine but don't take too long. And if you try anything, I'll-\" \"Have my head served on a platter, yes, yes. I understand now let me look.\" She moved closer. For the next five minutes she turned his head this way and that, as if seeing it from every angle would actually help. Occasionally she would mutter something like \"Not bad\" or \"Not too unhealthy\". Finally she bought out a cloth and dabbed something green and foul looking onto it and told him that it would sting. As she brought it closer to her face, Godfrey noticed the horrible smell. \"Oh wonderful! Not only will it sting, it will stink!\" Godfrey said. Ciallmhar almost laughed as she gently wiped the scar with the cloth. Godfrey hissed, she had been right it did sting. \"You know I think that attack might have done more damage to you than I originally thought, you seem to be trying to make a jest. It's concerning.\" Godfrey waited for her to remover the cloth before he replied \"I have my moments of wit. Now will you travel with us the rest of the way or do you plan on walking and starving every step of the way to the port? \" He was determined she stay under his gaze, she was far too interesting and crafty to be left alone, he thought. \"I think I'll travel with you and your company . . . half of the way.\" His brows furrowed. \"Half of the way?\" Ciallmhar got out her water-sack and poured some water onto the cloth before tucking it away. \"Yes, half of the way. You friend doesn't strike me as the particularly friendly type, especially in regards to women.\" Godfrey wanted to tell her that his servant would not harm her so long as Godfrey told him not to, but then he realised that wouldn't stop him from trying. That and knowing how devious she was or appeared to be, and how stupid that idiot could be- it could spell a disaster. Either he would babble the whole plan away or she would kill him if he attempted to force himself on her. \"When you say half the way, what do you mean exactly?\" \"It means that I will travel ahead on my own and get to the port before you do and await you there. Presuming of course you don't get killed by thieves. I'd lose a free boat ride if that happened.\" She said breezily. Godfrey wouldn't argue, it had been the original plan anyhow. However a small annoying part of him argued that he should keep her under surveillance, considering what she had seen and what she could possibly do, and underneath that small annoying part of him, something wanted to keep her near just for the sake of it. \"Fine then, be on your way.\" Godfrey told her, not sure why he was struggling to keep something like disappointment out of his voice. A twig snapped in the distance and both Ciallmhar and Godfrey flinched. \"MY LORD!\" \"Lord Godfrey!\" it was that blasted idiot, he'd better hope there weren't any bandits nearby or he would have alerted them by now. \"Have you told him about me?\" Ciallmhar asked. \"No.\" \"Are you going to tell him about me?\" \"At some point maybe, but not now.\" \"That would be wise.\" Ciallmhar said with a grave nod of her head. A second later, she snapped back to her sprite like self and gave him a deep mocking bow. \"Well then Godfrey I shall wait for you at the port. Do me a favour, don't take too long and don't get killed.\" .Before he could think of giving back a reply or even saying goodbye, she ran off, her dark green cloak blending in almost perfectly with the wooded scenery. \"MY LORD GODFREY!\" The lord Godfrey shook his head and went to tell his servant, who had been coming incredibly close to where he and Ciallmhar had been standing, to shut up before he woke the whole forest. As he waited for sleep that night, just as he drifted off into nightmares, he saw Ciallmhar's smiling face and heard her mocking laughter before his mind was ravaged by images of corpses and screams. ","Summary":" Godfrey glanced around him and cursed. He had to meet with Phillip within two days and so far he wa"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"While the world falls apart around us","Author":"Vampellzy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6556618","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sara sat holding her baby and rocking back and forth on the stool by the fire. Inman had left shortly after moving the bodies to a safe distance. Now, the image of the young soldier falling down kept replaying in her mind. She had killed a man. She had not been thinking coherently, only a burning hatred for those God-awful Yankee soldiers had burned through, she had acted without thinking. God would punish her for her rashness. Now that she remembered, there had been a Yankee coat over her boy when she pulled him from the ground. The other soldiers were far too heartless to have covered him up. What if...? Guilt began to crowd her thoughts. Could it be possible that the man she had shot had shown kindness to her baby, that a Yankee could show any emotion other than hate for a southerner? Soon she could not take the guilt any longer. She had to do something, if only to give him a decent Christian burial. The others however would be left where they lay. She stood up, taking a shovel and making ready to leave. Kissing her boy, she stoked up the fire . And put him back in the cot. \"I won't be long.\" She smiled at him. A multitude of feelings swam within her as she trudged up the hill to where Inman had left them. She knelt by his body. He was so young, maybe less than a year older than she was. For some reason she felt compelled to touch his hand. As she did so she noticed a slight twitch of his head that could have been a trick of the early morning light. Feeling rather foolish she spoke. \"Hello.\" Then his eyes flickered open.[Chapter 2] Hi I've been rushed so this longer than the last but shorter than I would like. Enjoy : ) 2/ Christian Charity? \"OH!\" Sara jumped backward, startled. And then as an afterthought, \"You're not dead.\" He coughed and his eyes closed sending him back into unconsciousness. Her senses numbed slightly by this sudden realisation, Sara's mind thought only of logic and human necessity. She must help him. She made sure that he was still alive by placing her hand against his neck utilising the scant training she'd received from her father; there was a weak pulse. \"I must get him inside.\" She thought.\"He'll certainly die if he stays here much longer.\" She proceeded to half – drag/ half – carry him over to the hut, making sure that she jostled the shoulder that had been hit as little as possible. As gently as she could, she placed him on a pallet that she prepared by the fire. She laid him on his front so as to best reach the wound. She could see blood had already saturated the shoulder of his shirt. She must act quickly or he would die of blood loss. She ripped apart the sodden cloth and gasped as she saw the wound. The shrapnel from the bullet had torn apart the flesh and buried itself inside. Although they were not deep inside. She put the poker in the fire and caught hold of a long, thin knife that she usually used to cut meat. Though she had not had meat in many months. Quickly, she used the knife to lever out the few pieces of metal lodged in the wound. There were three in total where the bullet had broken apart. More blood began to well out of the wound. The tip of the poker had begun to glow red. Pulling the metal shaft from the fire and placing a knee in the small of his back to prevent him moving, should he wake up and cause more damage to himself, she placed the tip of the poker in the wind and pressed. The metal sizzled and the blood flow stopped instantly. At least he was unconscious. Once she had cauterised the wound, she threw the poker back into the fire and began ripping up an old sheet. She bandaged the wound, wrapping the fabric around to hold fast. Once she had finished, she sat back and took a breath. Her son chose this moment to start bawling. Jumping up she, picked him up and rocked him, worried that he would wake the soldier. \"Shh.\" She whispered against his cheek and eventually he calmed. She was thankful that her boy hadn't caught a worse cold than before from the events of the morning. She made light bouncing movements and eventually he calmed down. Sitting down on the bed, she watched the soldier, curiously. There was still quite a large chance that he would die. Then she would be a murderess. It was an ugly thing to be. She held her boy tighter, rocking him as she felt him grow tired and fall asleep against her shoulder. She placed him back in his coat. She walked over and placed a thin blanket over the youth and poked at the fire. Satisfied that she had done all that she could do, she stood up. Extinguishing the only candle in the room, she returned to her bed. The light from the coals was now the only source of light in the small hut, flickering across her back as she quickly removed her outer dress and put on her nightgown, casting nervous glances at the soldier. She had seen that it had grown dark outside and there was no moon. A new fear rose within her. There could be other Yankee patrols, or worse, men from the village who would punish her from taking in a Yankee even more so than a deserter. She secured the door and windows and laid herself down to sleep though she knew ot would be unlikely tonight. For now she lay, her eyes open watching the stranger.[Chapter 3] 3/ A secret She must have drifted into a kind of half sleep because she found herself torn from it when a single cry cut through the silence within the cabin. It appeared that the soldier was awake, though whether he was lucid was yet to be seen. She flew to his side. His body was basted in sweat though the fire had long died down into embers, with only a small semblance to the red dying coals. Pulling back the material of the makeshift bandage, she looked at the wound. It was sealed and raw but there was no sign of infection. He must have caught a fever from the shock of being hit and being left out in the bitter cold for hours. A fresh wave of guilt dug into her gut. Combined with the blood loss, it was very likely that he was too weak to fight it off. She drew the blanket down to his waist and ripped off the remnants of the bloody shirt, throwing them in a corner. Water, she needed cold water, but not too cold. She put her hand against the kettle, it was long cold. Pouring a small amount into a tin mug, she raised the soldier's head and helped him drink. Half spilled down his chin but he took some. Laying his head back down, she sighed and pulled back. Reaching for a clean rag, she pulled of the lid and dropped it into the kettle. Squeezing out half the moisture, she proceeded to dab at his torso to bring his body heat down. She attempted to remain detached from her proximity but she felt her cheeks gradually glowing. She soldier's eyes opened for a brief moment and fixed on her, dark, blue, beautiful softly piercing eyes. Then they closed and he was insensible again. She shook her head. It was better that he remained unconscious for as long as possible, the body's natural response to agony. And sleep was the greatest healer. Also to rid herself of the thought that had begun to form as she had sat mesmerised for the briefest of moments under his gaze. It was three days before he was conscious again. Three days of fear and waiting. After this he seemed to grow stronger and the fever grew weaker. In these days, she had managed to get him to swallow a little warm broth but nothing else other than water. Other than the wounded soldier, she had taken in to her care, nothing else extraordinary occurred on her small piece if land. No Yankees or patrols passed their way. It was truly an isolated place, surrounded by nothing but trees and grassland. Wood had to cut and the animals fed. There was far too much work for one woman let alone, one woman with a baby and a sick man to care for. One good thing had passed however. Her baby boy had lost his own fever and was hungry again. Soon he would have to be weaned which meant that she needed more food. Amongst the work and work and work in the months after she had lost her husband, even before, she had been so lonely. The day Inman had shown up was a blessing. And truth be told, dangerous or not, she would rather have this man here than not. She tried not to think of what he might do if he were to recover. She had been carrying logs from the chopping block to the woodshed when he groaned and moved to sit up. Doing so tugged at the wound that already sung as if he had bathed it in acid. Seeing this, she dropped the wood and pushed his shoulder back against the pillow. He cried out in protest but stayed still. Warily, she removed her hand from his shoulder and edged backwards; casting her eyes around for a weapon of defence should he turn out to be like his companions. No matter how helpless he may have been before, he was a Yankee and she wouldn't trust him. Sensing her caution, he resolved not to move again. \"What happened?\" \"What do you remember?\" \"You're husband letting me go at gunpoint. The bastard must have shot me in the back.\" \"He's not my husband.\" She said a little too quickly and emphatically. \"I mean, my husband died in battle. That man was a deserter I gave shelter too.\" She decided not to correct him on his assumption for the time being. Things were complicated enough already. She lowered her eyes. \"Don't worry, I don't care much about deserters, I suppose he's long gone now.\" \"Yes.\" \"Why did you take in an enemy soldier?\" \"It seemed like the thing to do.\" She kept her eyes averted so that he would not see her guilt. \"The others are dead aren't they?\" He spoke quietly as if he knew the answer already. \"Yes.\" He sighed. \"What are you going to do now?\" \"I haven't decided yet.\" \"Well, you can't go yet, you're wound's not fully healed yet.\" \"Ah yes, the wound, how long do you think it'll take to heal?\" \"Not long, couple of weeks maybe, sealed and bandaged it.\" \"Thank you. How bad was I?\" \"Quite bad, I thought you would die.\" She attempted to distract him from this train of thought. \"You must be hungry; you've barely eaten anything in days.\" \"Days?\" \"Yes, you were unconscious.\" She spoke matter-of- factly. \"I'll get you some food.\" He didn't reply. \"You didn't tell me your name?\" \"It's Sara.\" \"Sara, that's very beautiful.\" He didn't reply with his own.[Chapter 4] 4/ Personal Hygiene I am sorry these chapters are not very long and far between, but i am a busy student, also , it is difficult to find many possible situations. I'm open to suggestions. Sara came in from the cold, a few days later, to find that her patient was well enough to sit up, albeit with much effort. As she knelt by his side and checked the wound, which appeared to be healing successfully, she wrinkled her nose as she took note of the rather unpleasant aroma that he gave off. Having previously been as unwashed as your average young soldier and adding to that the remains of dried blood and sweat from the fever, it combined to create a smell not unlike the sty of the hog outside. She glanced over at the tin bath placed against the far wall where it hung from a strong nail hammered deep into the wood. He noticed her hesitation. \"Is something wrong with it?\" \"Hmm, no not at all. You should have it fully healed in a matter of weeks, a month perhaps. There will be a scar however, apologies.\" \"Why are you apologising, it was not caused by you?\" She found herself avoiding his eyes. She hoped that he would take it to mean that she was mortified as she broached her next topic. \"I was thinking that you will probably be needing a bath, you're still covered in blood and it would be best to keep the wound clean.\" She thought that she had managed to avoid the subject of smell quite well. \"That would be grand but if its an inconvenience...\" \"No not at all, there's a brook not far from here.\" His hair was matted and dishevelled so that a strand fell in such a way to half cover one eye. Sara was surprised to find herself fighting down an inclination to brush it off his face. Such beautiful eyes shouldn't be hidden, yes, they were unusual. She shook her head and placed her hands on her knees in order to stand up, her cheeks burning furiously as she marched outside and returning moments later for the two fetching pales in the corner. What on earth was the matter with her recently? Not only had she invited a deserter into her bed, regardless of what had or hadn't happened. And now she was entertaining thoughts of a less than pure, nursing capacity towards a man that she had almost killed, and a Yankee too. She came to the conclusion that she must be becoming quite insane from loneliness. The trudge uphill to the small chattering brook and the laborious return was barely noticed as she remained a prisoner of her own thoughts. One thing was clear, she would pray that he would heal quickly and leave, she could only hope that he would not report the deaths of his comrades out of misplaced gratitude to her. She put her interest in him down to absence from the society of her fellow creatures. She felt a stab of pain as her husband's face swam in her mind, she had tried fro so long not to think about, her little boy had seen to it that she was far too busy for this to be difficult. She knew that she hadn't yet dealt with the full reality of her loss. She partially blamed him for leaving her all alone with their baby, deep in her subconscious. When she returned to the cabin, she strived to appear busy so that he would not talk to her. This did not succeed. She filled the kettle and set it over a now stoked fire. She placed the rest of the water close to the fire to warm it a little. Wrestling the moderately heavy tin bath from walls, she managed to set it down by the fire. The young soldier had offered his help more than once but she had responded with an admittedly rather sharp, brusque reply. She did not dare turn around. The bath took very little time to fill. When she had finished, she set up a makeshift screen utilising a clothes horse and a spare sheet or two. Sara turned her back to give him some privacy. As she tended to her son, she heard the soft sound of clothing hitting the cabin floor, followed by the light swish of water disturbance. Deeming it a suitable time to turn around, she sat down on the bed and found herself within perfect viewing distance of a slight gap between the meeting of the two sheets. For a few moments she sat still, arrested by her mortification. When her brain began to function again, she turned her face away, her cheeks blushing furiously. \"Do you have soap?\" She looked up startled. \"Pardon?\" \"Soap?\" \"Oh.\" Reaching up to a high shelf, she took down the crude homemade bar and cut off a slice with slightly trembling fingers. She handed it through to him and then retreated to her embarrassment in the corner. The young soldier had trouble sleeping that night. He was awoken by a strange sound that at first he couldn't make out. Turning his head slightly he saw that Sara had her back to him. Her shoulders were shaking slightly. With a startled realisation he saw that she was sobbing, the sound being muffled by a face buried in pillows. He found himself wanting to comfort the beautiful little widow but was at a loss to say anything useful. Besides it would most likely be seen as impertinent. So he settled for simply watching her. He wondered how long it had been since the death of her husband. Judging by the age of her son, it couldn't have been long. Turning on his back, he thought about how he had seen her watching him out of the corner of his eye, earlier that day and how he now wore clothes that used to belong to her husband. It was all so much less simple now. He sighed quietly and tuned to his side. I'm sorry if I introduced the attraction too soon, i blame listening to enya, her music tends to put you in a dreamy, if a little mournful, romantic mood.[Chapter 5] Thankyou for the suggestions and I will keep them in mind though until the ties between Sara and the soldier are a bit stronger I need them to stay in the hut. Sorry about the wait. : ) By the way, that is his real name (on IMDB), well, part of it. Hope you enjoy. Sara aimed the axe at the log poised on the stump; she brought it down hard as her mind whirled in upheaval. She didn't understand why she experiencing something she had felt since she had met her husband at seventeen. And for a Yankee. He stirred something in her that she was having difficulty repressing. Everything was utterly wrong; she had tried to kill him. She was angry at him for this angry at herself and most of all at her husband for leaving her like this. All she seemed to feel recently was anger, confusion and a guily ear. Yes she had been so lonely for a long time. She brought down the axe again and again on each log until finally her frustration caused her to wedge it so far into the wood that it couldn't be pulled out. She kicked the stump, but this only caused her to fall backward onto the hard, damp ground. \"Has that tree stump done something particular to irritate you so much?\" The soldier stood in the doorway. He had on a pair of trousers and had wrapped a thick grey blanket around his bare shoulders. He smiled at her for a moment before advancing. \"Do you need a hand?\" Seeing what he meant, she shot up off the ground. \"No, I was only stunned for a moment. You should be inside, you are still healing and the last thing that you need is to catch a chill out here.\" As if to qualify her statement, the wind suddenly picked up, pushing her hair forward over her face as she ushered him back into the hut. Casting one glance back at the axe as it lay still biting into the crudely crosshatched wood, she pulled the door closed behind them. She would have to leave it for the present. The soldier returned to his place by the fire and she joined him to stoke up the flames. As she poked at the embers, she felt his eyes on her. \"If only you would let me do something to help you. I feel useless and you have so much work to do without caring for me.\" She straightened her back. \"I managed beforehand and you must rest.\" Yes, she could do with some help but she already felt guilty as it was having caused his injury in the first place without taking advantage of the situation. He would not understand unless should told him the truth and she had no intention of doing that until she was certain of his reaction. She placed a few more logs on the fire, from the tin bucket by the grate. \"Nevertheless I would prefer to be given something to do.\" \"What are you going to do; once you are well?\" She asked, examining his face, He started. \"I haven't really thought about it. I suppose Ill have to try to rejoin my unit, though I haven't got the first idea how to explain what happened to my comrades. Perhaps just say that they were killed by a deserter from the other side although that would raise uncomfortable questions as to why I am not dead also.\" \"Don't!\" He looked at her quizzically after her sudden outburst. \"I mean to say, don't mention the deserter, he only killed those … men because they attacked me and I don't believe he meant to shoot you.\" It was the truth, well at least part of it. She expected him to pounce on the matter of his injury and how it was inflicted. But instead he gave her a concerned look. \"Attacked, they didn't manage … I'm sorry. I knew they were despicable and…\" \"No.\" She interrupted him, anger and embarrassment filling her cheeks with colour. \"It was close though.\" Anxious to change the subject and genuinely interested in the subject. \"What is your name, you still haven't told me?\" \"Oh. \" He winced before admitting. \"It's Maverick Bardolph, but nobody uses it, they call me Jack.\" \"I like it.\" At that very moment, her babe began to wail. She rushed over to pick him up. She pulled him onto her lap as she sat on the bed. \"Could you?\" She motioned for Jack to turn around. \"Oh.\" He jumped as she began to unbutton the front of her dress. She didn't think she's ever seen somebody spin around so fast. Luckily she didn't have to convince the boy to feed this time and he was soon full. She balanced him on her knee as she buttoned up her dress. \"Its ok now.\" A sudden idea came to her. \"Do you want to hold him?\" Jack turned back to face her. \"What me? No, I'm not exactly good with babies. I'll probably drop him.\" \"Don't be silly. \" She walked over. \"Just hold him for a moment, you said you wanted to help, me, well that's the best way you can. Hold out your arms, he's heavy.\" Gingerly, he held them out and took him, a look of concentration on his face that almost made her laugh. She turned away picked up the leftovers bucket to take out to the hog. The sow was glad of the bits and Sara leant on the fence and watched her as gobbled up the bits. There was a distant rumble over to the north. She couldn't tell whether it was thunder or cannon fire. There was a storm coming of one type or another and she was sure that they would be near the eye of it. When she walked back into the log cabin she found that Jack had grown more comfortable with her son and was making silly faces at him which made him giggle. \"You two seem to be getting on.\" She smiled and sat down on the bed again, tretching out after a hard day of grinding work that, despite what she said was getting too much for her. She was happy to rest for a moment. \"Put him down and I'll see to your bandages.\" She moved to the floor and knelt beside him as he gently lowered the boy into the cot. She found the pin and began to unwind the bandages. There was no blood so the wound hadn't reopened. He flinched as she removed the last of it, placing it on the floor by her knee. The wound was looking better everyday. Though it didn't prevent a mixture of guilt and nerves shooting through her every time she was reminded of its cause. \"Tell me about the war. Have you been in any of the battles?\" She mainly asked him the question to distract herself from her thoughts. As she asked, she saw a sad, pensive look cross his face. \"Yes I was in one of the battles. It was a awful thing to see There were hundreds of us, wedged up against a bank, trapped where we charged and the other side shooting into the mass. We had begun the fight though by setting explosives under the fort. There were injured men's heads being pushed into the mud and people from the other side being dragged into the mess. Blood everywhere and death and for what? They say it's about slavery but its not. That's just a part of it, an excuse to attack. There are much less honourable reasons for this pointless war. Is there anything so disgusting as a civil war and its not as if you're given a choice.\" He clamped his mouth shut as he could see her thinking furiously. \"I'm sorry, you don't have to speak about it if it gives you pain.\" She ripped new bandages from the remnant of a worn, old sheet. \"Its not that.\" He looked into her eyes for a moment and he lifted his hand as if to touch her face but let it drop as he seemed to remember something. \"Despite everything that's happened, I'm glad that events have brought me here and that I've met you Sara and I hope that I can repay you for what you've done for me somehow.\" She smiled but then remembered how those words could be interpreted if one knew all. She finished with the bandages and then carried the others to be washed, her eyes downcast with sorrow and regret. Please tell me what you think.[Chapter 6] Excerpts Jack watched Sara stamp in out of the cold, removing her scarf as she did so. She had gone out to pen the pig in a small hut that served as granary, storage and barn. She drew the bolt across and deposited a few meagre pickings she had managed to glean from the garden at the back. Those that had missed the harvest. She slung her coat over the end of her bed and took a place next to him by the fire. She refrained from speaking as she poked the fire that dance under a small, iron pot containing a broth of some kind which he had been stirring under instruction for the last ten to fifteen minutes. Above their heads the storm raged as wind and rain battled it out for supremacy, heating up for the climax. He was not accustomed to the sometimes temperamental weather of the south. \"How long will this continue?\" \"If we're lucky it will be over by tomorrow morning.\" \"You expect it to last the night then?\" \"At least. The food will be done in an hour or so. I think it can be left to simmer for now, Don't add any more wood for now.\" She raised the pot slightly off the flames. Jack coughed. Having woken up with a chill he was not in the best mood. Despite the warmth of the fire, he hugged the blanket tighter around him. Sara stepped away from the fire and tucked in her son. She then sat down on the only chair she possessed and proceeded to stare into a dark corner. Several hours later two pairs of eyes stared blankly at the ceiling as the baby slumbered through the storm. Jack sat staring into the flames as he listened to Sara's shallow breaths. He knew she was awake and he let her have her privacy. A cough spasmed up from his chest causing his insides to lurch. He pulled the blanket tighter and inched closer to the fire. He had no hope of sleep. The beating of the rain on the roof grew louder as if in agreement. The wind howled yet again. Jack shivered as yet another draught from under the door blew over him and was sucked up the chimney. They both remained, eyes open while the baby slept. He tossed another log on the fire causing bright sparks to rise and jump in a lazy pattern. He could not seem to get warm. He had woken with a chill and things had gone downhill from there. He shivered involuntarily. \"Jack, are you awake?\" He started and turned to see Sara staring at him from the bed, her head raised on one slender forearm and bent wrist. She watched him silently. \"Yes.\" He answered grumpily. She swallowed audibly. \"You seem cold.\" \"Don't worry, its just a draught from under the door.\" \"But you've been coughing all day.\" She slipped out of the covers and knelt by his side, her nightdress all but glowing in the firelight. Hesitantly, she reached up a hand and felt his temple. H e had no explanation for why his heart leaped quite so high when she did this. \"You don't have a fever.\" \"Quite the opposite.\" She frowned. \"You can have the bed, I'll sleep on the pallet.\" She culled his objections by pointing out that she didn't really intend to do any sleeping in it, her mind was working too much for that. But he, then insisted. \"You can't possibly expect me to allow a lady to sleep on the floor...\" \"All right, you may share with me but I warn you soldier.\" Sara blinked at the morning light, realising that she was much warmer than she usually found herself in the morning. She was also aware that a set of arms encircled her. She turned her head. Jack's head was a hair's breadth behind hers on the pillow. Unlike her, he remained asleep. She considered how to extricate herself and attempted to ignore how pleasant it felt to be held again. As lightly as she could, she grasped his arm and lifted it over her head, raising herself off the bed and his other arm as she disentangled herself; she froze. She heard and saw nothing to demonstrate that she was not still the only person awake in the small room. She reached the edge of the bed and lowered her bare feet onto the planks of the floor. She pulled a shawl from the rocking chair and draped it loosely around her shoulders. Her baby, of course, chose this exact moment to open his lungs. She dashed across the cabin and swept him up into her arms, hoping to calm him simply by touch. But he would not be claimed so easily. Jack stirred and finally awoke. Sara kept her back to him. \"Is the storm over?\" \"It was over several hours ago, I think.\" She attempted to keep the blush from her cheeks as she witnessed a near stranger emerging from her bed. \"I have decided, if the roads are not too bad, to go for supplies. I should not have needed to for a time but we shall run out soon. It is best to go before the storm returns.\" \"You cannot go alone?\" He began to dress hurriedly. \"But you cannot accompany me, people would wonder why you are not fighting or a part of the men who are hunting down deserters. If they knew who you were they would kill you.\" He had retrieved his uniform from the yard and he now brought out from his saddle bags a gold watch of dear worth. He then offered it to her as some part of the repayment he must owe for her kind nursing. He did however, state that it was not his, it had been lifted from a house that they had found empty or so his companions had indicated. \"I can't possibly take that.\" \"It was not from any house near here I assure you.\" \"Do you think that would make any difference to me?\" \"Isn't it best to put the wrongs of a soldier to better use?\" It was still some time before she could be convinced to take the watch, however. Eventually it was decided that he would disguise himself and accompany her. He would look after the baby while she bought what was needed in town. They reached the road shortly. The road remained muddy from the storm and they kept to the sides, the banks when they had to. At any sign of approaching carts or horses, they would try for cover. This was not always possible. Sometimes they could only cover their faces and walk arm in arm. They were not stopped by any of the people who passed them by. The walk took three hours in total due to many stoppages and the hunger of her son. When they approached the town, she handed her boy to Jack and ventured in alone. He remained amongst a thicket of trees and waited. Sara could not recall the last time she had ventured out into the town. It being so dangerous on the road as a single woman, even more so a single woman with a bairn. But need for supplies had forced her from her retreat. She drew several puzzled and quizzical looks but nothing too invasive. No one had anything other than polite nods and genial greetings for poor young widow. She entered the shop. She had pawned the gold watch and it had fetched a substantial amount. Certainly enough for what was needed. The general store was run by a family that had only daughters, they had not been hit so hard as most by the war. Only one had a sweetheart and he had been too young to be called to war. Sara was sure to make quick work of her purchases. She moved swiftly over the board floor of the shop amongst grain bags, salted meats and wooden farming implements. She bought a pound of rice, salt pork and some dried fish. The woman behind the counter, Mary Brewer was a young woman of thirty three and the mother of the three daughters, Clara, Bonnie and Angel, all under fifteen. Her husband had had a foot amputated due to a farming accident and so could not be a soldier. Sara saw his cane by the counter and assumed correctly that he must be tallying accounts in the back room. \"Oh Sara, we haven't seen you in some time. We were so sorry to hear about your husband. It must be hard to live in such a solitary spot and with only a babe for company.\" \"I manage well enough.\" Sara gave a small smile. She had known this woman since their days in the parish church and school. She had always looked up to the girl ten years her senior. \"Are you sure you wouldn't like one of us women to come and sit with you sometime?\" The offer would have been welcome a month before. \"No, I shouldn't like to take any woman away from her own in such times.\" \"It must be dangerous to live so far out, have you heard about the Yankie raids all along the country hereabouts, I thank God that they have left our town in peace. But you are so exposed out there. Have you not seen any ?\" \"No, I suppose even the Yankies have trouble finding me.\" \"Perhaps so.\" The woman did not look entirely convinced. Sara took her purchases and made her goodbyes to the woman and her husband. She had not left the shop five minutes before she found herself confronted by Simon Lee Jark, a troublemaker and a thief. He now appeared in the uniform of town protector or so he thought. His usual lackeys brought up the rear. Patrick Keele and Thomas Barker. \"Simon let me pass.\" \"What's the matter, we only mean to warn you that the Yankies were last seen heading your way.\" \"Well, I haven't seen them but if I had, I would be sure to tell you.\" \"But with all these soldiers and deserters about, it can't be safe for a pretty little widow like yourself, You should have a strong man to protect you.\" \"No, I have a large gun to protect me. Trust me, gentlemen.\" \"You think that one rifle would stop a group of starving men from taking what they wanted.\" She couldn't prevent a shiver from travelling through her as she caught the leer from his companions and was reminded of her encounter with just such an event. \"It will have to.\" She pushed through them, \"We shall have to visit you and make sure nothing is untoward about the place.\" It sounded very much like a threat. \"Leave her be.\" Sara turned and almost stumbled into Sam Tirus Grimsby, a young man who had been born with a club foot and her friend for many years. \"Let the cripple have her, Simon, we'd much rather be protecting Tara Bloomer from Yankie soldiers than a widow with a baby. Sara continued walking, though she slowed her pace so that Sam could keep up. \"It's good to see you Sara.\" Sam was fair with sandy locks and a light dusting of freckles. His kind brown eyes smiled at her. \"I've missed seeing you these past three months.\" \"Oh, I've been meaning to visit you but the weather's been bad and as you can imagine, I've had to stay with my boy.\" \"Where is little Tom?\" \"I didn't bring him, I left him with May at Juniper Fell Farm. She was the closest.\" She was surprised at the ease with which the lie rolled off her tongue, she had never been so deceitful before. \"Oh, I should have liked to see him. Does he look like... I'm sorry,\" \"No, you can mention him, he was your friend.\" Talking with a trusted friend of hers and her husband's brought her back to memories as yet unvisited till then. Her eyes stung a little and she turned away. \"All the same, I shouldn't have said anything. It is a long way, at least let me carry that heavy bag of grain/ rice for you.\" \"Thank you but it is not so heavy as it looks, I assure you. I should manage well enough.\" Her pace slowed as they neared the edge of the small town. \"Perhaps I shall see you in church when your boy is a little older.\" Sara smiled her best atempt at lightness and nodded. She took Sam's hand. \"I missed you Sam. Things have been so...hard for the past year. I hope that things may not weigh so heavily as they have done so far.\" \"The war must end sometime.\" He gave her a cheerful smile. \"Eh?\" \"Yes.\" She smiled and walked onward, leaving him behind. She kept silent for the better part of the walk home and Jack allowed her her solitude. He hoped that she might one day trust him to allow him into her confidence for he was sure far more troubled her than she let the world know. On their return, she suddenly spoke. They entered the hut and she turned her back as she stored her purchases. \"Jack, I don't know what to do. There is a group of men that I mentioned before that cornered me in town. They expressed an interest in coming here to hunt down deserters or Yankee soldiers. If they find you here, I don't know what would happen. I should think that they might find the bodies and ... \" \"You don't think that they actually intend to come here?\" \"I think it very likely but it may be some time before they decide to act on their threats. I can't think what I should do.\" \"What did the deserter do with the bodies?\" She thanked God that this had not been done at a later date and that the weather had not been warmer, otherwise she was sure that she would not be able to stomach what they were about to do. Jack had asked her whether she thought she was able to face again the bodies of the men that had attempted to violate her. She had responded by asking the same of him, whether he could bury his comrades. Neither refused. She had lead him to the place where she had left them. This had brought her back to the moments when she had discovered that the man that she had supposedly murdered, was alive still. Now they returned with shovels. The ground gave in easily have being wetted by the torrential downpour. By the time the two had removed enough soil from a sizeable pit, both were covered from head to toe in mud. It was a sobering task. They grasped the men by wrists and ankles before hurling them into the pit. They made a sickening plop as they hit the wet earth. A cloud seemed to burst above and the two conspirators found themselves sopping as shovel after shovel of wet earth splatted into the pit. \"The earth looks as if its been disturbed, we should cover it with something.\" Jack stabbed his shovel into the wet dirt. Both searched the near landscape. Sara set off wordlessly, returning with an armload of leaf mould which she scattered over the grave-site. Jack nodded. \"We should gather some dead wood.\" He set off. Sara watched him walk up the hill. She wondered then what he must be feeling, forced as he was to bury his dead comrades. He had become far more stoic than appeared to be normal for him. This man might be the death of her yet. So why was it that she couldn't bring herself to do the sensible thing and ask him to leave?[Chapter 7] Sorry I'm taking so long to update. This is more of a half chapter that a full one. But it more intense than the others. Sara sat in the large tree and had hung her basket on a branch near her thigh. It was not ladylike to be up a tree. Mama would not be happy. Except Mama and Papa were not there to stop her. No one was there for her. She was utterly alone. The threat that had been given of the home guard coming to investigate had come to nothing as of yet but they were still wary. But as December had swooped down on them as they had not celebrated All Hallows and she was checking up on a clump of mistletoe that grew half way up an old tree within a mile of her house. It was growing much colder and it was growing harder to ignore how the soldier shivered from the draught by the door. \"Sara, what are you doing?\" Startled, she almost fell out of her place, only managing to grip the wide branch in front of her at the last possible moment. \"I'm sorry.\" She shot an angry look down at him. \"I'm wondering whether to collect this mistletoe or not, it seems smaller than the last few years.\" \"Why didn't you use a ladder?\" \"I don't own one and the only saw I got is shot. So I can't make one.\" \"Could you come down, you're making me nervous. I have to talk to you.\" \"What's so important that you have to tell me on the ground?\" She paled. \"IS it the baby?\" \"What? No. He's sleeping.\" He frowned. \"I'd just really rather prefer it if you came down here so we could talk face to face.\" He slipped his hand into his pockets awkwardly, then slipped them out again. She rolled her eyes and began the awkward process of descending the tree in a dress. She would have worn breeches if she dared. She was around ten foot off the ground when her foot slipped and she found herself dangling from one arm off a branch that creaked ominously. When she had fallen she had slipped too far away from the tree to swing back easily. She managed to grasp it with her other hand and tried to edge along toward the trunk but there came a very loud crack and the branch began to come away from the tree. She stilled in horror as it have a final snap and she was free-falling. She let go of the branch and closed her eyes, preparing for impact. It did come but was not nearly as hard as she imagined. She opened one eye and looked up into the face of the soldier. Relief washed through her before she saw the look in his eyes. There was a fierce sort of look that was somewhere between anger and adoration. She thought he would say something, instead, he let her down and began to walk away. Flustered, she spoke in haste. \"Say something, you can't just look at me like that and not say something.\" He turned around and seemed to make a decision. He darted forward and scooped her up in his arms, he gave her an intense look before capturing her lips with his. His arms tightened around her. She found her own arms sliding around his neck. There was far more passion in her own kiss than she would have ever expected. She knew she should be angry with him and herself but at that precise moment she didn't care. He broke away as fast as he had embraced her but he did not let her go. \"I'm leaving. That was what I meant to say. I just wanted to do that once before I left.\" He took a breath. \"I must leave before the snows come. I mean to join my regiment again if I can. That is if had no reason to stay.\" He looked into her eyes for something. She looked at him with incomprehension. \"What would you stay for?\" He let her go abruptly. Disappointment was clear on his face. She realised her mistake too late as he returned to the house. \"I'll be gone before the snows. It is best, just in case the men find me here.\" She thought of calling after him but wasn't sure that she wanted to. She sighed when she saw that her basket was still nestling in a branch far above her reach. Well, leave it there. She would leave her other problem to ruminate too. Jack paced back and forth. He would not return to the cabin yet. So, he contented himself with digging up potatoes. He had meant what he said. He knew that she was mistrustful and conflicted. Behind all the sadness, he saw something else, he could almost call it guilt. What would she feel the need to be guilty? He didn't want to leave her but it was becoming more and more likely that his side would win the war. If they found him here. If he didn't have any reason to put his life on the line, he'd best find one of his party and try to think up a story involving his comrades that didn't get either him or Sara hanged. The pile beside him was rapidly rowing and he had better stop himself before he unearthed Sara's entire winter stock. He dropped the spade and took an armful of potatoes. He hadn't thought to bring a sack in his haste. He stomped back towards the cabin. He bagged up the potatoes and dumped them on top of the corn. Sara sat by the fire. Her arms were crossed over herself. She made a vague motion in lieu of a greeting. She didn't look at him. \"Did you mean what you said?\" He nodded quietly. \"I think that if it's the best thing then you should go.\" She bit her lip but didn't turn her gaze away from the fire. Jack looked down. \"Will you do something for me? Tell me that you want me to leave.\" \"What?\" Sara froze, her head darted to look at him in shock. \"You heard me. Tell me that and I'll leave.\" \"Why do you want me to … What can that possibly achieve?\" \"It will give me the revolve to leave.\" \"Do you want to go?\" \"You're avoiding the question.\" \"Why are you doing this to me?\" \"Because I need to know.\" \"I don't want...\" He turned his head. \"What don't you want?\" He held her gaze. \"I don't want you to go.\" She sighed. \"But do you want me to stay?\" \"I...\" He walked toward her. \"What is it that is holding you back Sara? Is it your husband? You know, you mustn't let him keep you from living your life.\" \"It's not that.\" She looked down. \"There's something you don't know.\" \"What, what is it? Did those bastards hurt you?\" \"No, nothing like that. Look, you don't understand. When I said that Inman, the deserter, shot you in the back, I lied. It was me. I was angry and protecting my boy. I didn't know what you did. I thought you were like them.\" He was backing away. \"Jack, look at em, all I can say is that I'm sorry.\" When he did look at her, it was clear he was angry and hurt. \"So, it wasn't out of the goodness of your heart that you helped me, it was guilt. I knew there was something you felt beside mistrust but I didn't realise it was this. How could you look at me and smile. Instead of sadness she found that she was getting angry. \"You didn't give me much choice. You come in here with your rapist friends and bash your way into my home and my head and... I made a mistake. You don't know how difficult it was to convince myself not to leave you for dead. I needed to protect my baby. And yes, I hid it from you. I knew you would react like this or worse. I tried to patch up my mistake as best I could. It happened and I can't change that. Don't make me apologise for protecting my family. I just, I can't..\" She sank down to the ground. With horror, she found that she was crying. \"I'm sorry that I've been such an inconvenience.\" His face was firm. \"Don't do that. You want to know everything. I care about you. I didn't want to. I was going to send you on your way none the wiser once you were well but you had other plans. Why did you keep pushing? Why do you keep tormenting me? I don't deserve this.\" She was sobbing loudly now, using her sleeves to mop up her tears. \"III have been through too much.\" Through her fingers, she saw his shoulders slump. \"Gah.\" He made a sound somewhere between anger and exasperation. He stood up and the boards creaked beneath his feet. She looked away. He pulled her hands away from her face. \"Don't you see it, Sara? I've been falling in love with you from the moment I saw you. I've hated myself for not trying to help you when they … I was a coward. I suppose I deserved to be shot. I just wish you could have been able to tell me.\" He grasped her hands. Sara looked at him through red – rimmed eyes. \"Why did you have to say that?\" Sara looked beseechingly at him. Jack, rubbed her hands and moved his hands to her face. He kissed her before pulling her into his arms. Her breathing returned to normal eventually. \"You took the wind out of my sail a bit. How can I be angry if your being so understanding?\" He shrugged. \"What are you going to do?\" A loud knock came at the door. \"Sara? You there.\" ","Summary":" Sara sat holding her baby and rocking back and forth on the stool by the fire. Inman had left short"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"Now I Lay Me Down to Sleep","Author":"riophoenix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7360183","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I'm literally obsessed with this movie, so I decided to write about it. The storyline takes place after that of My Soul To Take, although I brought Aunt May back to life and I don't own any of the characters in this chapter, though there might be some new ones in later chapters that I will have to claim as my own. I'm planning on making it a chapter story, though if it doesn't get reviews I'm obviously not going to update, though I'll probably still write just for the enjoyment of it. That is all, folks. Enjoy. Bug Hellerman awoke in a cold sweat, blood pounding in his ears. He sat up. Tonight was not unusual for him; he often woke up after the same old dream nowadays, never finishing it, never finding out how it ended. Bug sighed and walked over to his open window. Rain was pouring in heavy, clear drops onto his window sill. Lightning flashed somewhere in the distance. He slammed the window shut tight and closed the floor-length curtains. He sat back down and glanced around his bedroom; boxes were still scattered everywhere, the walls were half-painted, and pictures and posters were strung up at random all around the room. Bug was taking his time settling in, even though it had been nearly a year since the move. This house was different and a lot smaller than the one he had moved out of. It was cartilaginous and obscure, like it could fall apart at your fingertips at any given moment. The atmosphere was almost always glum, but then again, that could just be because of the memories and reminder of why the family of three lived in this house. The disturbed pain Bug felt roughly everyday - a bizarre kind, the kind you only feel when you lose something important, the kind that's like a puncturing wound - was enough to make someone want to move not only onto a different city block, but into a different state where you could be anonymous, where no one would know your story, and where you weren't celebrated as a hero. But Bug continued to fake being their hero; he faked it everyday, and he faked it good. Six faces of the Riverton Seven swam through his mind yet again. He didn't like dreaming about them. He especially didn't like the part consisting of black shadow of a hand grasping the hilt of a blade that always appeared, and always flashed in an unknown source of light for a split-second, so that Bug could make out one word: vengeance - the Ripper's knife. The dream always ended with a voice, a rather suppressed and husky one, uttering the same words that seemed to be intercepted at the close, though Bug could never quite make out what they were. He tried and tried to convince himself that he was psychologically dreaming about the Ripper, and that it all had to do with flashbacks and memories, but couldn't be considerably sure, and something inside of him had its doubts. He's coming, Bug, Penelope's voice echoed in his head. Jesus? He grinned at how idiotically he had responded to her so many months ago. If we should be so lucky, she had told him. You got that right, Bug thought as he glanced at the clock above his bedroom door. It was almost 5:00am, and after a moment's decision, he decided he'd better catch a few more hours of sleep before awakening again to go to school. Bug lie back on the bed, listening to the beating of raindrops, and soon enough, drifted off into a deep and dream-free sleep.[Chapter 2] Despite waking up in the middle of the night and spending an hour to think, Bug awoke the next morning feeling dazed and drowsy. He sighed, something he did very often these days, and collected himself for school. Bug stumbled down the spiraled staircase of his not-so-new home - though it still felt new to him - and found Fang waiting for him in the sitting room. She smiled briefly, and said, \"Morning,\" when she saw him. It wasn't uncommon that Fang and Bug got along now. They became a lot closer after the incident; it was like a silent connection had been passed between the two of them, like, now that all our friends our dead, let's be nicer to each other. \"Morning,\" Bug replied half-heatedly. \"You ready to leave?\" she asked, and stood. Bug nodded and they headed out the door together. The walk to Riverton High School was not far, though it seemed like miles when the weather was chilly. Bug pulled his jacket closer around him as a gust of wind swept through the city, and he noticed Fang do the same. \"Why is it so damn cold?\" Fang blurted, more to herself than to Bug. \"It's freaking September , for crying out loud!\" Bug laughed, thinking to himself that Fang should be used to the weather in Riverton by now. It was generally cold in the small city, even in the midst of summer, sometimes. Pray for our souls, Bug , Penelope's voice suddenly rung in his ears. He winced. Fang didn't notice. Abruptly, Bug noticed a figure of a man standing directly across the block, dressed from head to toe in black. It was just as though he appeared; Bug was certain he wasn't standing there before. It took a moment for him to realize the man in black was watching the pair of them, but Fang didn't even give the impression that she noticed something strange. \"What's that guy looking at us for?\" Bug questioned. Fang looked at him as if he were mad. \"What?\" \"Are you blind?\" Bug pointed across the street to were the man was standing a moment before, but he was gone, vanished into thin air. \"Wha-? There was a guy there just a second ago, I swear!\" Fang glared at him. \"Stop messing around. That's not funny.\" \"I'm not messing around, Fang, I-\" but he cut off quickly, as it occured to him that the man might have not been there at all. Was his mind playing tricks on him? Or am I going insane? Bug thought, but he didn't answer himself. \"Fang, I...I have to tell you something,\" he shouldn't keep this to himself. He couldn't. \"All right,\" she said. \"I've been dreaming...\" Fang waited. \"About the Riverton Seven. Well, six. I'm not dreaming about myself, of course,\" Bug decided there was no point in leaving out details, so he continued. \"They tell me things. And the Ripper's knife appears there sometimes, too. Someone's holding it, like they wanna stab something. And a voice is talking at the end - this is always how it ends - but I can never understand what it says. I...I've been having the same dream for a long time. Same exact one. Nothing is ever different.\" Bug glanced at Fang nervously. She was looking at her feet as she walked, and he wasn't sure if she had heard anything he said or not. \"I didn't know who else to tell,\" he added. Fang looked up stiffly. She studied Bug as if she had never seen him before today. \"A dream has the power to unify the body, mind, and spirit. It provides you with insight into your own self and a means for self-exploration. The rules of reality do not apply. I don't understand,\" she said at once. \"What don't you understand?\" Bug asked, though he wasn't sure he wanted to know the answer. \"I don't understand why. How long did you say you've been having these?\" \"Um, I didn't. About seven months, though. Maybe six. They don't occur that often, maybe once every two weeks, I suppose. They-\" \"People say every dream can only be connected to your own reality,\" Fang said. \"People are wrong.\" \"I'm not following...\" Bug said. \"You said they tell you things? What do they tell you?\" Fang asked, ignoring the question. Bug didn't answer; he didn't want to appear crazier than it already seemed. Somehow, telling Fang that his dead friends were telling him \"fear ye, the Ripper\" was not his idea of normal. He shrugged, and Fang seemed to get the message. \"It doesn't really matter one way or another,\" she said. \"Although, I'll tell you what I think: I think someone wants to tell you something. Don't look at me like that! I'm being serious. You saw someone across the street, and I couldn't see them too, is that right?\" \"I think I'm just tired, that's all.\" \" Bug .\" \"All right. Yeah, I did. It was vivid. I could've swore-\" Bug stopped, because Fang suddenly looked as if she'd seen a ghost. She knew something he didn't, Bug was sure of it. \"Are you okay?\" he asked. \"Fine,\" Fang replied, and walked ahead. Bug glanced up at the sky. \"If you want to tell me something, please make it quick,\" he muttered, and ran to catch up to Fang.[Chapter 3] \"Fang!\" Bug clamored, as he tried to catch up with his sister, side-stepping to avoid students as they entered school grounds. Fang merely kept walking, clearly hiding something important, and determined to keep it hidden. Sure, Fang was nice to Bug often now, but she could be sly and awfully full of air when she wanted to be. And she wanted to be generally way too freaking much. Bug sulked as a group of freshman girls fanatically waved at him. Funny, he thought, how after something really fucking tragic happens to you and messes up your life, people start to notice the things they couldn't care less about before. Everyone in this town feeds on it. Sick, he concluded with a disgusted look on his face, slumping past the girls who now wore crestfallen expressions on their faces. Bug looked around for Fang once more, feeling paranoid, but she was already out of sight. He'd just have to corner her after class. A/N: I know this is like very, very short, but I just wrote something really quick and I'm not feeling considerably motivated at the moment, since this only has one review. I might finish the whole story (the plot is still kind of stuck in the back of my mind), but I don't know if I will yet. We shall see.[Chapter 4] Bug almost jumped out of his skin, lost in thought, as the ear-splitting 8th period bell rang. He hadn't caught a word his World History teacher had rambled to the class; he'd been thinking about Fang instead. I think someone wants to tell you something, she'd said to him, as if it was an obvious fact. Bug didn't know what that meant. But then again, he didn't understand half the things Fang went on about, so he figured he wouldn't and shouldn't beat himself up too much about it. Bug scrambled to the door, only to be distracted once more by a hand on his shoulder. He turned around. \"Hi, Adam.\" Bug sighed under his breath, if that was even possible. \"Hi, Stephanie,\" he muttered, and turned around again, hoping to get clear of the clingy girl, but she trotted along side him as he walked. \"No offense, but what do you want?\" Bug asked when Stephanie hadn't said anything yet. \"Oh,\" she didn't look offended one bit, and seemed to come back down to Earth. \"Oh, right. I was wondering if you'd like to study with me after school?\" \"Er-\" Bug stammered, running his mind for an excuse. He had to find his sister and demand answers, but Stephanie looked optimistic and expectant, and Bug knew she'd keep asking until he said yes, due to unfortunate past experiences with her. \"Uh - um, alright. Okay, okay,\" he said, craning his neck to see if Fang was visible. Stephanie smiled broadly. \"Yay,\" she said in a high-pitched voice, and pushed up her rimmed glasses. The two walked out of the school together. Fang was nowhere to be seen in the crowds of students outside. It was as if she was trying to avoid him. Something weird is going on, Bug decided. And I've got to find out what it is. Fast. A/N: Sorry about my tendency to make these chapters really short. I'm starting to write a different story so I didn't really have time to put all my ideas into this chapter. Get prepared for some romance in the next one, though. That's all.[Chapter 5] Readers, When I find the heart and soul to write for this story again, I will, but for now I'm putting it on hold. I'm really trying to catch up on a multi-chaptered Harry Potter story I've been attempting to update for about a month, and I kinda sorta have to work on it, so don't expect new chapters for this any time soon. I really don't even know where this story was going in the first place...I just kind of wrote it one day when I got bored. If you've got any ideas of where to take this, don't be a stranger. With all due respect, Mollie. ","Summary":" A/N: I'm literally obsessed with this movie, so I decided to write about it. The storyline takes pl"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"My Soul To Take","Author":"smilesXhugs","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7154951","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I hadn't expected to receive all of this hype when I moved to this small town. I guess it started with my cousin, Alex. He was a bit annoying, but we would always hang out when he came out to visit us. Coincidentally, Alex and I share birthdays. We were born on the same day and even in the same hospital. I was born in Riverton, but almost immediately afterwards the family moved up to Canada in Toronto. Six months ago, my Dad died in a car accident. I was in the passenger seat when it happened. They say that Dad died instantly. I walked away with only a badly broken leg, broken shoulder, some organ bruising and a concussion. After months of physiotherapy I was finally sent to live with Alex and his stepdad Quint. My mom is still alive, but she was a hard-core drug abuser and the government placed me with our closest relatives. I was somewhat relieved. Mom wasn't exactly in the running for Mom of the Year. Anyway, here I was, being driven by my social worker, Barb, to a town I don't even remember. I watched out the window with my forehead pressed lightly against the cool glass. \"Wake up, Evelyn.\" Barb called, tapping my shoulder. \"I am awake, Barb.\" I muttered. I pulled the hood of my grey hoodie over my head even more. God, I wish I didn't leave my iPod in my suitcase. \"Ok well I'm just letting you know that we're pulling up on the street now. You can see the house down the road already.\" I stifled a yawn and sat up straight. Barb pointed out which house was Alex's and I stared at it groggily. It was never a mystery to me why Alex always visited us and not the other way around. I didn't know why, but I never really cared or bothered to ask. We pulled into the drive way and I hopped out of the big dark blue Toyota truck. A thin layer of dirt clung to the bottom half of it from taking the gravel roads that were a shortcut to get here. I didn't like the feeling I got from watching the woods we drove through when we took those roads. It felt as if something might be lurking inside them. \"Eevee!\" someone called. I turned and smiled as my cousin Alex ran toward me. I smiled and ran into his arms. \"Hey, Lex!\" I laughed, hugging him tightly. It felt like such a long time ago that I had been hugged. My friends back in Toronto seemed to think that I was too fragile to hug after the accident and soon I just lost connection with all of them. Even though I'm pretty much back to normal. \"I'm sorry. You know, about Uncle Jerry.\" Alex said, stepping back so we were arm's length of each other. I shrugged my shoulders. \"It's alright.\" Alex just smiled that goofy smile of his and went to grab my stuff from the back of the truck. I would have done it myself, but my shoulder just wasn't the same after the accident. It wasn't completely useless. Nobody could tell I had been injured unless I tried to strain myself. I rubbed my shoulder absent mindedly as I watched him. You could kind of see the resemblance between Alex and me. We were both the same height and had the same color of hair. Only mine was pin straight instead of curly and my eyes were almost an electric green. Dad always said I had magical eyes. A small smile graced my lips at the memory of him. I didn't bother to say goodbye to Barb. She said that I was all settled for everything I needed, including school. No need for her to stick around anymore. I just hope that this is the last time social services have to bother me. \"And this is your room.\" Alex said, gesturing to the second door on the left of the upstairs hallway. \"Mine is right there.\" He pointed to one across the hall two doors down. I looked into my room and saw all of my stuff already inside. \"Are you gonna be ok with setting things up and whatever?\" \"Yeah, I'm not a total gibble.\" I said with a smirk. \"Good, because you're coming to the memorial service this weekend.\" Alex exclaimed mischievously. \"What?\" \"It's kind of a thing the kids around here do to commemorate the death of the Riverton Ripper\"! He said with his best ghouly voice. \"Plus the birthdays of the Riverton Seven- I guess Riverton eight now. \" \"Do I have to go?\" I asked. \"I don't even know who the Riverton Ripper is.\" I wasn't sure if I was up to going to any parties or stuff yet. \"Sorry Eevee. Frankly you ain't got a choice. I'll fill ya in on the details on the walk over there.\" Alex smirked. Then he ruffled my hair and disappeared in his room. I sighed in defeat. I just hoped I wouldn't regret being roped into this whole Riverton Ripper stuff.[Chapter 2] I stood next to Alex with a bunch of other kids around a big campfire. Behind us was a burned down ambulance that was covered with lit candles. I pulled out my iPhone to check the time and found out that it was almost midnight. \"Yo, you guys!\" Alex called. Two guys walked up to us. One was Asian with spiky black hair and the other was black and he had a walking stick in his hand. \"Jay, Jerome. This is my lovely cousin, Evelyn.\" He introduced. \"Hey\" I said. \"Jay Chan!\" Jay stepped forward, taking my hand to shake. I smiled greeting to him. \"Nice to meet you.\" Jerome said. I smiled, even though he was obviously blind. Alex introduced me to the rest of the kids. Unfortunately, he just had to tell everyone that I was also born the same day the Ripper was killed. I met all six of the other seven Riverton seven kids. Jay and Jerome seemed nice enough, clearly buds with Alex. Then there was Penelope who was super sweet. Brittany, nice enough but kind of snobbish. And Brandon. Can you say douche? \"Hmm. I wonder where Bug is.\" Alex pondered. He mentioned Bug, but I haven't met him yet. Apparently he was one of the birthday kids. \"Ladies and gentlemen!\" Brandon shouted, standing on a stump so he towered over everyone else. \"The countdown is near! If you may all please turn your attention to the church please!\" Across the lake you could see buildings, and the only one with a light remaining lit was a small white church. Everyone counted to twelve. Then five seconds later the lights went out and everybody cheered. \"As you all know, Ripper Day marks two things. One of them bad and one of them good.\" Brandon began his speech. Alex nudged my shoulder and smiled. I pushed him back, giving him a what is the point of this shit look. Brandon went on. \"The good part is that it's the birthday of seven of us here. Oh wait, actually eight of us now. It seems that the lovely Evelyn Anderson was also born sixteen years ago tonight at Riverton Hospital.\" I felt eyes on me and I made a slight wave of my hand nervously. \"And there is also Jerome King. Hey Jerome.\" Everyone cheered and Jerome waved. \"Alex Dunklemen.\" Alex waved. \"Jay Chan, who made our puppet for tonight.\" Jay threw his hands up as people cheered. \"Bug Hellermen… Hellermen?\" Everyone looked around for the guy, but he didn't seem to be around. Then there was a rustling in the bushes behind us and a tall guy with shaggy dirty blond hair walked through the crowd with his hands in his jacket pockets. His eyes looked tired and his hair was all ruffled. He stood on the other side of Alex. \"Where've ya been?\" Alex asked. \"Sleeping.\" Bug replied monotone. I looked at him with narrowed eyes. There was something about him I couldn't put my finger on. \"Bug, uh takes a little longer cause he's a little slower so.\" Brandon added to Bug's arrival. \"What a dirtbag.\" I muttered. \"Hush!\" Alex shushed me. \"You don't want on the guy's bad side, Eevee. Trust me.\" \"Pssh! What's he gonna do? Hit me?\" I sneered. \"He's not afraid to hit girls. I'll tell ya that much.\" Alex replied. \"He doesn't scare me.\" I replied smugly. \"And moving on to Penelope Bryte over there by the ambulance, who incidentally knows God. They speak daily.\" Brandon joked, getting another chuckle out of everyone. I was seriously starting to hate this kid. \"And then to the beautiful and gorgeous Brittany Cunningham.\" A couple wolf whistles sounded from the crowd and she smiled. \"And last, but certainly not least,\" he said with a cheeky grin. \"Brandon O'neil!\" everyone shouted. Oh jeez. What. A. Tool. \"And now the bad part people. We of the Riverton eight have had to share our birthday with a monster. The serial killer, Abel Plankof, who died at midnight, the day we were born. The Ripper.\" Brandon told with a serious look on his face. I was starting to feel uneasy as he kept talking. I don't know why this story was freaking me out, even a little bit. I watched scary movies at home all the time and they never bugged me. \"Legend has it that we of the Riverton eight are the mirrors of Abel Plankof's personality. That the Ripper still wants revenge. So Abel Plankof is dead… but his ghost isn't.\" \"Alex, I don't like this.\" I muttered. \"Chill Eev.\" Alex whispered back. I figured he was right and I was just being a baby. I mentally slapped myself and listened to Brandon. \"No, it lurks underneath the old railroad bridge. You've seen it. It sleeps in the river. It roams the darkest corners of the woods, just waiting for the next Ripper Day to come around. On that day, our birthday, tonight the Devil has told him that he can take his revenge,\" Then Brandon turned and pointed to the river. He raised his voice. \"BUT he can only come out at this spot, and every year, since we have been able, one of us Riverton eight has volunteered to drive him back to the river where he belongs! Tonight is no exception, and I personally have chosen to volunteer…\" A few muttered to themselves in disbelief. \"Have volunteered Bug Hellerman that is.\" He gestured to Bug, I looked at Bug. He looked genuinely not thrilled about it. His eyes widened a bit and he stood there frozen. \"It's your turn Bug!\" Brandon shouted. \"The rest of us have done it!\" I could feel my heartbeat in my wrist and I was getting nervous. Why am I getting nervous? Dammit. \"We will now summon the Ripper from the river. If he appears yet again, than Bug must slay him or we'll all die!\" Kids cheered and shouted things like \"Save us Bug!\" \"Come on, Bug!\" and whatever. I stayed silent and watched the poor boy seem to become more and more terrified by the second. \"If you can hear me Ripper, make yourself known!\" Brandon yelled to the river. Everyone began to chant over and over, \"Make yourself known!\" Bug shifted from one foot to the other nervously. I sighed and reached over to touch his arm. \"Hey, Bug. It's ok.\" I said. Bug looked down at me, being he was way taller than me. \"Who are you?\" he asked. \"I'm Eevee. I'm Alex's cousin.\" \"Oh.\" He replied, but he seemed too focused on being scared to really pay attention to me. \"Alex.\" I said. He looked at me and then at Bug and realised. \"Fear ye the Ripper!\" they all shouted. Alex smacked Jerome's shoulder. \"Bug is freaking, man.\" He explained. The sound of branches breaking made me jump and I whipped my head to face the woods to the left of us. Out of the woods a huge body emerged. It had long hair and large black holes for eyes. Alex gripped Bug's shoulders and pushed him forward. \"It's a puppet. Just knock it over.\" Bug just stood there and stared at it. \"AH, get in there you pussy!\" Brandon cried, pushing Bug forward. I ran up to Alex and grabbed his arm. \"I'm not sure about this.\" \"It's not real, E. Bug can do it.\" He said. As the huge puppet got closer, Bug started to step back. He looked at me and Alex. \"I can't do this.\" He said. His eyes were ten times wider than before. Sirens could be heard and a police car showed up. Alex grabbed my wrist and pulled me along. \"Time to go.\" He said. I looked at Bug as the puppet collapsed at his feet. \"Come on!\" Alex called to him. We ran passed him and I grabbed his sleeve as we did. We booked it to the woods like everyone else. In a hurry to escape, Bug fell in the river at one point. I kind of laughed in the excitement of it all and helped him out of the water. Then we all ran and hid behind a big fallen log. \"What the fuck was that? Why'd they stop us?\" Alex laughed. I sat down on the cool dirt between Jay and Bug and sighed. \"Well it's not like it was much fun.\" \"Don't be a buzz kill, Eevee.\" Alex sneered. \"Bite me, Lexi.\" I replied, sticking my tongue out at him. \"Why so glum, chum?\" Jay asked Bug. Who was soaked and kind of staring off. \"I failed.\" He replied simply. \"Now we're all gonna die and it's my fault.\" I sighed and thought about the whole story, not really paying attention to what Jay was saying to Bug. It still wierded me out how the story of the Ripper scared me so much. I do gotta give Jay his props for making such a badass puppet. Alex smacked my shoulder and I snapped back to reality to hear the last bit about something about a presentation that Alex and Bug were doing. Than Jay took off and so did Jerome. \"We should too.\" Alex said. \"Quint will kill us if he catches us out this late.\" \"He'll kill you.\" I corrected. Quint wouldn't dare touch me. From the way I threatened to call my social worker and get him arrested the first time he tried to hit me, I doubted he'd pull a stunt like that again. I winced when I tried to stand up. My leg felt seriously strained and it even started to tingle from lack of circulation. \"Are you ok?\" Bug asked when he noticed me. \"Stupendous.\" I replied. I tried to lift myself up my grabbing the log, but I guess my ass was too damn fat and a shot of pain went through my shoulder. I dropped down, landing on my butt hard. \"Dammit.\" I cursed. \"Here.\" Bug said, holding his hand out to me. I smiled and took his hand and he helped me up. \"Thanks.\" I huffed. \"Are you hurt or something?\" Bug asked as we started to walk back to our homes. \"Um, kind of. I was in a car accident six months ago.\" I replied. \"Oh, I'm sorry.\" Bug replied. I smiled at him. \"It's alright. I got off easy.\" \"What do you mean?\" Bug asked. I frowned a bit, not answering him. Why did I bring that up? I trudged a bit past him so I was ahead of him and Alex. \"What did she mean, Alex?\" I sighed and proceeded to tune them out. As my feet trudged through the underbrush of the forest trail, I couldn't help but frown at the horrible feeling I was getting in the pit of my stomach.[Chapter 3] HEYY! (: Yeah just sayin that I would absotively posilutely LOOOOOVE reviews from all of my readers :3. That would be stupendous! As embarrassing as it is, I slept in Alex's room that night. He kindly ditched the bed so I could sleep on it. I felt better knowing he was in the room, but it didn't really stop the nightmares of the Ripper. The next morning I got up to get ready for my first day of school. I showered and put on a light blue A & F t-shirt, black skinny jeans and my pair of red converse all-stars. I was brushing my teeth in the bathroom, which was right across from Alex's room. I could hear him laughing as he was watching some creepy old movie. \"Hey! Asswipe!\" Quint yelled, \"Uh oh.\" I muttered. I spit in the sink and stood in the bathroom doorway to kind of watch and make sure shit didn't get out of hand with Quint. \"Get your little butt to school before I put my boot up it.\" He threatened. He started to leave and then stopped and turned. \"Let's go! You too, bitch!\" he barked at me. I glared at Quint angrily as I walked across the hall to my room to grab my stuff. I made it to the bottom of the steps when I saw Alex walking down with a painful expression on his face and Quint watching him calling him a dumb shit. \"Thanks Quint. That felt good.\" Alex said, every word dripping hate and sarcasm. \"Jackass.\" I growled. \"Oi! Respect me you little bitch or I'll smack the living shit out of you!\" Quint yelled. I scoffed. \"Not unless you want a law suit shoved down your throat. See ya.\" Alex and I walked over to Bug's house, which wasn't far from ours. \"Stay,\" he ordered. \"Woof.\" I replied. \"Just hurry up.\" Alex saluted me like the total dork that he is and climbed up the side of the house through a second story window. I sighed and kicked some leaves with my show as I waited. A huge duffle bag fell to the floor and I screamed. \"Sorry!\" Bug called out to me as he climbed out the window. Both boys approached me and we all started walking to the school. \"What's in there?\" I asked, looking at the oversized bundle in Bug's arms. \"Sock puppet.\" Bug replied simply. \"On steroids!\" I shouted. Both boys looked at each other and burst into laughter. I looked back and forth between the two of them. \"What?\" \"Yeah. On steroids.\" Bug laughed. On the walk to school I learned a few things. Bug likes Brittany. Both boys like crows and they want to go to Vegas. I've been to Vegas. Don't think Bug would have fun there. Bug mentioned something about fluids and that's when I put my headphones in and started to listen to Skillet. \"Hey Bug you got a phone?\" Alex asked. Bug nodded and handed the phone to Alex. He opened it, it was a cheap little flip phone, and put him number in it. \"E's number's in there too FYI?\" \"Why'd you put my number in there?\" I asked. \"In case Bug loses interest in Brit.\" Alex said with a wink. My cheeks grew warm with a blush and I was glad that Bug's phone rang. He answered it on speakerphone and talked to his mom. Then this Chandelle or whatever showed up to talk to Jerome and we walked toward the school. I noticed this girl giving me dirty looks. \"Who's the chick looking at me funny?\" I asked. Bug and Alex looked at me and then looked where I was looking. \"Oh no.\" Alex groaned. \"What?\" \"That's Fang.\" he explained. \"If she's casting her icy glares your way you better say your prayers now, girl.\" \"Uh huh.\" What's with the kids in this town? Bug gave his puppet to the security guard and we proceeded to walk up the steps. Brittany Cunningham walked passed us and the boys stopped to stare at her. I was forced to stop too since I would be lost otherwise and just watch them watch her. Ugh, boys. She was talking to the security guard. Alex's face went from awestruck teenage boy as he quoted Shakespeare, to horrible realisation. \"Uh oh. Distraction manoeuvre. Run!\" They booked it; almost running into me, but Brandon appeared next to me and pushed them back. \"Bug. This is a three.\" He said. Than he punched him in the shoulder. \"Dunkleman. This is an eight.\" And he kneed him in the nuts. Alex collapsed to the ground in pain. I stood horrified at the whole thing. \"And that's the way the cookie crumbles.\" Brandon said. \"Dunkleman, stay away from the fang zone. And you stay away from him.\" \"Hey, jerkwad!\" I shouted. \"What the hell is your problem!\" \"Eevee, no.\" Bug warned, grabbing my arm. \"No!\" I protested. \"This spoiled bastard's ticked me off the moment I looked at him!\" \"Let it go.\" Bug whispered in my ear. I looked at him, his eyes boring into mine pleadingly. I sighed and crossed my arms over my chest. \"Keep your lady on a leash, Bug.\" Brandon laughed as he stepped back. \"Thanks Brandon. Felt good.\" Alex called after him from the ground. \"Asswipe.\" Brandon called back, not bothering to look back as he walked away. \"Not has good as your mom did last night though.\" Alex added. Brandon turned around. \"You just bought yourself a twenty.\" \"Oh hell no.\" I growled, moving to meet Brandon head on. \"No!\" Bug shouted in alarm, grabbing me around the waist. \"Brandon O'neil!\" Penelope came out of nowhere and started to shout at Brandon about Hell and stuff. She gave Brandon quite an earful, adding something about him getting a girl pregnant at the end. This left Brandon horrified and speechless as he walked off. \"Penelope!\" I cheered as she walked up to us. \"You are amazing!\" She smiled her praise at me and then turned to Bug and her smile got even bigger. \"Hey Bug. Happy Birthday.\" Ooh. Somebody's smitten on Bug, I see. Interesting. And to confirm that thought she kissed him on the cheek, but not before she said something really creepy. She looked into Bug's eyes and said, \"Pray for our souls, he's coming.\" Creepy much? \"Ok! Awesome.\" I said, breaking the silence that followed after Penelope left and we walked to our first class. \"Why does Penelope have to say things like that?\" Bug asked. \"Parallel universe, baby.\" Alex replied. I walked in front of them and opened the door. \"I don't understand her sometimes.\" Bug said. \"I mean, the way she said that.\" He stopped Alex right in front of me and stared at him. \"Pray for our souls, Bug. He's coming.\" \"Whoa.\" I breathed. What is with this kid? \"What if she meant the Ripper? I'm scared.\" Bug admitted. He looked at me, noticing that I was staring at him, and then looked at the floor. I couldn't help but notice that he was blushing a bit. I sighed. \"The Ripper isn't going to come after us, Bug. Besides, how the hell would he even know who the Riverton eight kids are? It's not like he waltzed into the hospital and stole records of who was born that night.\" Bug looked at me. \"You're not scared?\" \"Not even.\" I replied with a smile. \"You should just enjoy your birthday.\" He tried to smile back, but it faltered and he looked back down. \"Still…\" \"Hey, we're sixteen, Bug. Like it or not, we're men now.\" Alex said, patting Bug's shoulder. Alex nudged passed me and I followed the guys up the stairs. \"I don't feel like a man.\" Bug said, following Alex next to me. \"No man does. That's why you gotta fake it.\" \"Fake being a man to be a man?\" Bug asked, soaking in every word that Alex was feeding him. \"That's the way it works.\" Alex replied. He turned to face Bug. \"Look, you can't run. You gotta face your fear like a man.\" \"Even though I'm not a man.\" Bug added. Oh my God. Alex, you idiot. I sighed and rubbed the bridge of my nose between my thumb and index finger. I yawned and rubbed my eyes. I didn't get much sleep last night. \"Because you're not a man. Listen, the better you fake it, the better man you are.\" Alex explained. Bug looked at Alex like he was giving him the most important life lesson of all time. \"Just fake it.\" Bug repeated with a nod and a smile. \"But fake it good. Like if you're scared, act like you don't give a shit. Or if someone hurts you, say 'Thank you very much. That felt wonderful.'\" \"Shut up Alex.\" I said, getting annoyed. \"You don't know poopy about that.\" Alex faced me. \"You wouldn't understand because you're a V and not a P like us.\" I scoffed. \"Oh! Yeah, that's your explanation for everything.\" \"Men are talking, woman! Go make me a sandwich or something!\" Alex ordered loudly, pointing away from him and Bug to tell me to leave. I grabbed Alex's finger and bent it back. A short little yelp escaped his lips and I smirked. \"Mr. Man, does that feel wonderful?\" Alex whimpered and pulled away from me. Then he stood up and straight and stared me down. Though that's not possible, being he's a midget and all. \"Thanks, Eevee! That felt so damn wonderful !\" he said happily. \"Uh huh.\" I groaned. I noticed Bug watching us and nodding at Alex, like he was putting on a demonstration of his fake manliness. Oh, God. \"You see?\" Alex asked, turning to Bug with a smug look on his face. \"Thanks Brandon, th- I can't' raise my arm. It feels good.\" Bug said. \"There you go!\" Alex beamed. There was no helping these two! I shook my head and turned to leave, deciding to try and find the classroom myself. I turned a corner, looked around and already felt lost. \"Whoa, whoa. Hey, Eevee.\" Bug called out to me. He ran ahead of Alex and caught up to me. \"I'm sorry…\" I smiled. \"Why?\" \"Well…uh…\" Bug stammered. I blushed and my smile grew. \"Don't sweat it.\" Yeah… I know not a whole lot happened in this chapter. Basically it's just a bunch of foreshadowing for our cute little Eevee here ;). ANYWAYSS the Condor prezi is up next. REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW okee? :P Awesome![Chapter 4] Honestly, it doesn't matter what school you go to. Biology is booooooring. The teacher, some guy, I don't even remember his name, talked on and on about the unit that they were closing up on. I already knew what he was talking about since I finished it all already while I was in the hospital for the past few months. The thing about that situation with my physiotherapy and all that fun stuff is I didn't really have a whole hell of a lot to do. So I was driven to actually doing my homework out of sheer boredom. Yay… I didn't force myself to stay conscious of the words spewing out of the mouth of the dude at the front of the class. Within the first ten minutes my eyes were closed and my arms shielded my face from the sun coming in through the blinds. I was in that inbetween state where you don't really know if you were ever asleep or not. Until some stupid immature child by the name of Dunkleman flicked my ear! I jumped up and a small squeak escaped me as I looked up at my tormentor. I glared up at Alex, who was laughing at me, and Bug was standing right behind him trying to hide his chuckles with his hand over his mouth. \"Pay attention Eevee. This is gonna be good.\" Alex smirked, patting my shoulder before he made his way to the front of the class. Alex retrieved the huge sock puppet from Mr. Teach and crouched over it as Bug faced the class. I tried to peer around Alex's body to see the thing, but he was trying to keep it a surprise until the opportune moment I guess. \"Back From The Brink; by Adam Hellermen and Alex Dunkleman.\" Bug started. \"Dumb-fuckleman.\" Brandon mumbled under his breathe. Some of the kids laughed and the teacher gave him a warning. I glared at Brandon, who caught me looking at him and sent me a wink and an air kiss. In my head I was upchucking. He looked back at the front and when he did I pelted an eraser at his face. It hit him pretty hard. \"Why you little b-\" \"Brandon! Sit down! Miss Anderson! This is your first warning.\" The teacher shouted. I slumped back in my chair with a small smile on my face as the teacher told Bug he could continue. \"Our subject today is about a bird…\" Bug began. Then he started to squint and rub his temple in pain. I leaned forward. As did others. It was pretty obvious he was in pain. \"Are you having another one of your migraines, Adam?\" the teacher asked. Bug opened his eyes and just shook his head. He looked down and watched Alex as he murmured something to himself. Bug stood there watching for another moment as if he were in a trance. \"Adam.\" The teacher yelled. Bug snapped to attention and faced us. \"Our subject today is the largest bird in North America.\" Bug said in a booming voice. It startled everybody because he never talked like that, and it didn't even sound like his own voice. I felt chills run down my spine when his voice rang through me. It was a bad kind of chill, like when you whip off the blankets in the middle of a winter night, and you just want to crawl back under them again. \"Unchanged since the Pleistocene Epoch and only recently rescued from extinction. I present to you Gymnogyps californianus.\" he continued. Alex turned around with some black thing draping over his shoulders. Then he leaned forward to whip a part of it over his head. It looked like a creepy looking bird head. \"Anus.\" Brandon coughed. \"Second warning, Brandon!\" Teacher warned. \"The California Condor!\" Bug announced. Alex leaped up and spread his arms out. Revealing a scary looking bird costume. It had had large black wings made of an umbrella and strips garbage bags and feathers. Its head was pink and featherless. It was utterly disturbing. Bug gripped Alex's shoulders and spoke in his ear. \"Are you ready? Fly now!\" and he pushed Alex into the crowd of kids. I squealed and ducked as the bird's wings swept over our heads. Bug kept speaking in his booming voice as Alex kept flying around and making a bunch of squawking noises, scaring everybody. I covered my mouth to keep from laughing. Then Alex landed into a crouch at the front and was breathing heavily in a menacing way. \"The California Condor can consume the carcass of a cow in one day.\" Bug informed. \"Bullshit.\" Brandon laughed. The Condor whipped around and it seemed to be staring at Brandon with its big non-existent eyes. Bug did a really good job on this puppet. Alex growled and leaped forward to the closest student, making him yelp and slide his desk away. Alex got closer and scared another student away. He jumped at me and I squealed in laughter and leaned away from him so he didn't hit my face with his mask. Then he stood in front of Brandon and stared him down. Bug started to talk again. \"And if anyone tries to harm it, if anyone so much as touches one of its feathers, just one…\" I could tell he was provoking Brandon, obviously setting him up for something. Brandon smirked and ripped off one of the feathers. It made everyone gasp in fear and I smiled. I didn't know what was going to happen, but I couldn't wait to see what he would do. \"What are you gonna do? Bite me, asshole?\" Brandon said. \"Uh-uh.\" Alex mumbled. Then he lifted his head up and a slew of green liquid that looked like pea soup sprayed all over Brandon's face. Everyone shrieked. I did to but it turned into laughter when I saw the look on Brandon's face. \"The bird will vomit copiously on its tormentor!\" Bug shouted over the screams. I started laughing uncontrollably and got out of my desk in case a brawl ensued. Brandon angrily flung his desk out of his way. It flew across the floor and unfortunately right into my bad leg. I fell back and grimaced in pain, but I didn't stop watching the show. Brandon chased Alex down and tackled him to the floor, fists flying and feet kicking. Alex hunched over, away from Brandon. \"And if that doesn't work, the great bird has another defense, too.\" Bug added. The teacher grabbed Brandon by the arm to pull him off of Alex, but Brandon just started to kick and try to get at Alex again. \"Bottle two, Alex!\" Bug called. Then a bunch of brown liquid prayed all over Brandon's shoe. Girls shrieked again, and I even have to admit I was starting to get grossed out. \"And that is why no one should ever screw with the California condor!\" Bug disclosed. Brandon got in one last kick and Alex just laid there laughing. \"Thank you, Brandon. That felt so good!\" he laughed, bug grin on his face. I pulled myself up with a shooting pain going up my leg, but a smile was still plastered on my face. That was amazing! I take all that Bio being boring crap back. I limped over to Alex and Bug. \"That was epic!\" I cheered. \"I'd hug ya, Lex, but you're covered in fake upchuck.\" \"You like it.\" Alex said with a smile. \"Are you ok?\" I rubbed my leg and smiled. \"I'll tough it out.\" Then I turned to Bug. \"You are my new best friend, Adam Hellerman! Brandon is scarred!\" \"Thanks.\" Bug grinned widely at me. Suddenly his smile vanished and he started to gag. He turned away from me and leaned over the teacher's desk. Th next second he was running out the door. I watched him fly out of the room and I looked at Alex. Alex shrugged. \"Bug has… deficiencies?\" My eyebrows knitted together in worry. \"I don't think that's a proper word for it.\" I said. \"Don't worry about it, E. He's ok.\" Alex assured me with a smile. Then the teacher walked over to us and gave me permission to go to the nurse. He was yelling at Alex as I walked out the door.[Chapter 5] SO yeah, haven't updated this story in a while, but im just sayin now that I got sick of going by the movie word by word, pausing it after every few seconds and copying it down, it frankly was starting to take the fun out of writing it. SO im just gonna go by memory. Im still watching the movie to make sure I don't miss anything, but im not going completely by the script. SO there you go ;) I sat in a chair in the nurse's office when the bell went off. It was last period and here I was with an icepack on my hip. Just great. I sighed and slumped over the armrest. Today was turning out to be a hoot. Let's just say I've hoped for a better sweet sixteen than this. I still hope that it doesn't get any worse… \"Alright, sweety.\" The old nurse cooed as she sat down in the chair facing me. She was one of those soft, super friendly nurses that you just love right off the spot. The kind of person you'd want to hear the bad news from, and not from those snappy harsh nurses that just get the job done and go. \"Let's take a look at that leg. Where does it hurt?\" I pulled the icepack off and could feel a tingling again from lack of circulation. \"Everywhere?\" I replied. She chuckled softly, which made me smile. I couldn't help but smile. Despite her age she was like a ray of sunshine. I liked her. \"Well I took a look at your medical records and hooey is it ever a doozey!\" I laughed and shrugged me shoulders. \"Yeah, that's the big reason I guess.\" \"Hurts like a bitch, doesn't it?\" she smirked. I gasped. She just didn't seem like the kind of person that should say bad words, but I laughed anyway. \"Anywho, there isn't much I can do dear. Just keep ice on it until the swelling goes down. You should be fine as long as you take it easy.\" She said. I pushed myself out of the chair and shook her brittle hand. \"Thank you, ma'am.\" \"You're welcome, sweetheart.\" She said with another bright smile. \"Oh. By the way, dear, it might be best if you don't hang around those two boys, Alex and Adam. Especially today.\" I cocked an eyebrow at her. \"Why? Does everyone believe in these Ripper rumours?\" \"Some of us don't think they are rumours.\" She replied with a solemn stare. \"Just be careful, alright?\" I sighed. \"Yeah, alright.\" \"Good. Do you want a sucker before you go, dear?\" she chirped, picking up a plastic bucket and shaking it. I smiled. \"Sure.\" The hallway was spookily empty and I decided to skip. I would have been whistling if I wasn't sucking on a lemon flavoured lollipop, so I hummed. I liked to act childish sometimes. I skipped and hummed and the sounds echoed off the walls. \"Ahhh!\" someone screamed. I jumped and shrieked in response. Then another scream erupted, but it sounded like a boy's scream. I automatically broke into a run and ripped down the hallway towards the commotion. I turned the corner and practically toppled over Alex, who was hunched over and peering over the next corner. \"Alex!\" I cried, catching myself from falling, but succeeding in pushing him to the ground. \"Ow! Eevee! What the hell!\" he complained from the ground. \"Sorry.\" I said with a smirk, holding my hand out to him. I gasped in pain when I pulled him up. I guess I kind of forgot how much I was hurting when I started running. \"You ok?\" Alex asked. I nodded and put the icepack back on my thigh. \"It's all good. What happened?\" \"Bug got caught.\" Alex said with a frown. \"Out! Out you perv! Ugh!\" I recognized Brittany Cunningham shrieking angrily. I looked around the corner and saw Bug sprinting away from her. There was a huge blush clear across his cheeks. \"Mission accomplished?\" Alex asked. \"It fell into her purse.\" Bug gasped with a frown. I looked between the two. \"What happened? Why were you in the bathroom, Bug?\" They were both silent and wouldn't answer. \"Oh no.\" I muttered to myself. \"I knew it. It's always the quiet, introverted types….\" \"What?\" they both asked in unison. I sighed, looking up at Bug. \"Bug, I know you're a growing teenage boy and you got all that testosterone and whatever… but you have to learn self-control.\" \"What!\" Bug cried in surprise. \"It... i-it wasn't anything like that! It really wasn't!\" he stammered. I broke into laughter and shook my head. \"Whatever, horndogs.\" School was soon over and Alex and I walked through the front entrance of the school. I kind of lost track of thought and began to walk aimlessly around since Alex didn't seem too keen on going home just yet. This was fine with me. Home wasn't really my home. It never would be. Not with Quint around. I stood in the courtyard, kind of wasting time because I really didn't want to go home just yet. I scuffed my shoes across the pavement and looked up at the sky as the rest of the kids left. I stared up at the clouds. At least the weather is nice today . I thought. I came back to earth and saw Alex talking to Bug. I started to walk towards them when Alex suddenly took off towards the exit. \"What?\" I called out to him. \"Something I gotta take care of. I'll see you at the house!\" Alex shouted. \"Kay!\" I called back. I grumbled after Alex disappeared. I didn't wanna go home by myself. That dick Quint might get brave all of a sudden if I was alone with him. I turned and saw Bug sitting all by himself. Then Brittany walked passed him, said a couple things and left him with a frown on his face. I chewed on the inside of my cheek and decided to keep him company. Well, more him keep me company. \"Hey.\" I greeted him as I approached. He looked up at me when I did and smiled up at me sweetly. \"Hey, Eevee. What's up?\" \"Oh, you know. I'm livin' the dream.\" I replied sarcastically. He scooted over and put his backpack on the ground so I could sit next to him. \"You don't like that house.\" Bug stated, rather than asked. \"I love Alex and all, but yeah… can't say I'm too thrilled with my living arrangements. I'm grateful, but it still kinda sucks.\" I said, looking out at the walls surrounding us. \"Um…\" \"Hmm?\" I faced Bug again when he didn't say anything. \"Why did you come here all of a sudden? I- I mean, not that I don't mind or anything like that.\" I giggled at his blush. It was too cute when this kid tripped over his words like that. I ran my fingers through my bangs and looked out again at the far wall of the courtyard. \"6 months ago my Dad took me to see a movie. I forget which one it was. I don't remember a whole lot about that night really. Anyway, it was dark and we were driving back to our apartment. Then we had a head-on collision with another driver. He was drunk and passed into our lane all of a sudden.\" I felt the smallest sting of tears coming up but I blinked them back and cleared the lump out of my throat . I thought I'd be ok to talk about it by now… \"I hurt my head and messed up my leg and shoulder pretty bad in the crash. I was in the hospital for a very long time. And my Dad… They told me he died instantly.\" There was a small awkward silence after, that I could honestly say I was expecting. I didn't expect to share such a personal thing with a guy I've only known for half a day. Bug finally cleared his throat. \"I'm so sorry. I have never met my dad.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah… I guess it's better to have no dad then to lose one you are so close to.\" Bug said awkwardly, looking at his shoes. I smiled at how cute he was being. Then I looked up at the sky, still smiling. \"I love my dad, I'm sure he's in heaven, watching over me.\" Out of the corner of my eye I saw Bug looking up at the sky too. \"Maybe my dad's up there too?\" \"Maybe.\" I shrugged. That's when we heard footsteps coming from the other side of the yard. I tilted my head back down and saw Brandon just catch sight of us. When he did a huge grin graced his smug face. He pounded his fist into his hand as he walked towards us. \"Pay. Back. Time!\" he bellered, directing his wrath on both of us. I stood up with a growl, but Bug quickly stood and put himself between me and an angry Brandon. Awe he's being chivalrous. I thought with a smile. The smile left quickly as Brandon came up with fists ablazin'. I pulled on my sleeve nervously. Seems the guy was ready to beat both of us up. \"Don't think so, jockstrap!\" Jerome replied. I jumped when he appeared next to us, seemingly out of nowhere. He's like a blind Spiderman! I thought. \"You know what Fang would do to you if she saw you off your little leash.\" \"Nobody's looking.\" Brandon smirked. He looked down at me menacingly, more then he looked at the other two. \"Well somebody's listening, Sasquatch.\" Jerome replied, putting an arm between him and me, as if he could sense everything going on. Brandon took a small step back, but didn't back off just yet. \"Peachy. You know I'll just let the Ripper get you three instead. A lot of people have already seen him today, you know. It's not even dark yet.\" Then he looked at Bug, who looked a bit nervous at the change of subject. \"It must be scary, living in that big house with no father to protect you.\" Oh no he didn't. I was so not going to be the girl that stands back while the boys have their moment and Brandon shoots all that douchebag crap at Bug. I shoved my way between Bug and Jerome and without a word I raised my fist and decked him on that pretty-boy nose of his. He threw his head back and cried out in pain. \"Eevee!\" Bug gasped in surprise, pulling me away from Brandon by my wrist. I looked over my shoulder and saw the surprised look on his face. Then I looked back and watched Brandon writhe in pain. I couldn't help but smile. That dick deserved that and more. \"You bitch!\" he sobbed. Yeah, he was actually sobbing. He opened his eyes and looked down at his hands. They were covered in blood. He choked as the blood poured out of his face. He looked horrified. I tried not to laugh. It seemed that Brandon was such a badass that nobody had ever even bothered to pick a fight with him. \"Are you ok?\" I asked sarcastically. He didn't reply, but just ran off with his hands over his nose. \"I can't believe you did that?\" Bug said. I turned around and faced both boys. They both looked impressed. I expected Bug might be mad at me, but I guess he's been wishing something like that would happen to Brandon for some time now. We all smiled. Jerome chuckled. \"You know, I bet if you looked up rectum in the dictionary, they'd have a picture of Brandon there.\" I laughed at that. Though I could think of much better words that would fit Brandon much better. Jerome reached out with both hands and put one on my shoulder, the other on Bug's. \"You two don't know fear. Bug, you puked on Brandon, and you Eevee punched him in the face! You guys are heroes of the revolution.\" I heard footsteps and looked between Jerome and Bug to see Penelope walking towards us. I smiled and waved at her. She did the same back. \"Hey Penelope.\" Jerome called to her. I looked up at him in surprise. \"How'd you know it was me?\" Penelope asked. Jerome started to walk away with a smile. \"You're wearing those squeaky shoes again. See ya.\" \"Bye Jerome!\" I called out to him. I sighed and sat back down on the bench. I flexed my now soar hand. My knuckles popped painfully, but it made me feel a bit better. I looked up at Penelope, who was looking admirably at Bug before she too sat down, leaving a space for him to sit between the two of us. \"So you're going to see Principle Pratt?\" she asked Bug. \"Yeah… in fifteen minutes. If he calls my mom at work I'm… doomed.\" He explained with a defeated look. Penelope nudged him with her elbow. \"We're all doomed Bug. It's the next life we gotta focus on. Right, Eevee?\" I nodded in agreement. I believed in God, I just wasn't the huge religious type like Penelope was. If I were I wouldn't have broken Brandon's nose. Penelope then quickly took off after getting a text from some girl. She said goodbye to Bug, and said that if things got too hot to just turn on the prayer conditioning. I rolled my eyes at how lame that was. I waved goodbye to Penelope as she left. \"She's really nice…\" I said partially to myself. I expected a yeah or whatever, but Bug was silent. \"Hey Bug?\" No reply. I tapped his shoulder. He was hunched over a bit. I leaned forward to look at his face, and the expression he wore creeped me out. \"Bug?\" \"Bug, it's best not to think about your nightmares today.\" He said quickly, still looking away from me. He stood up and started to pace. \"What?\" I asked, tapping his shoulder a bit harder. \"I've got to cross that bridge twice a day. Shop! That's what I do when I'm scared. You don't know what fear is Bug!\" he rambled on and on. I stood up slowly. \"Bug, you're scaring me…\" He looked down at me now, with a slight smirk playing on his face. \"It must be pretty scary… living in that big house… with no father to protect you…\" I frowned. I was scared and a little angry now too. That was what Brandon said to Bug minutes ago, and now he's directing it at me. \"Bug!\" He blinked, a surprised look on his face now. \"Uh…\" \"What the hell.\" I murmured. Bug rubbed his eyes with the back of his hands and looked down at me. \"Eevee?\" \"What happened just now Bug?\" Bug frowned, his eyes still wide. He looked really freaked out. \"I gotta go.\" Then he took off towards the school. I watched him go. When he finally disappeared inside I sighed, and I started to walk home. WOO this was a long one :D haha anyways REVIEW and maybe ill update faster ;) ","Summary":" I hadn't expected to receive all of this hype when I moved to this small town. I guess it started w"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"A Patient Man","Author":"CopperPrincess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12024493","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note (please read) : The story of Robin Longstride and Marion Loxley's relationship throughout the movie. Follows the movie almost exactly - special thanks to [ . /movie_ ?movie=robin-hood-2010] for having the script so I could look up the words of the dialogue as needed. Obviously, these characters are not my own, nor actually is the story line. What this story tries to be is a novel-ization of the movie with a greater focus on Robin and Marion's relationship, exploring their thoughts and motivations in a way the movie did not or could not. So any material that is mine is mine, and whatever is the property of the movie-people is theirs. That being said - PLEASE DO NOT PLAGIARIZE MY WORK. I worked really hard on this story. Don't muck that up for me :) Also - I live for feedback! If you liked it, hated it, somewhere-in-betweened it, please, write a review, leave a comment, and let me know! Even liking my story will let me know that people are enjoying my work as much as I have, and will inspire to me keep going and, always, improve. On to the story! \"Marion, who is here?\" came a man's voice from within. They both glanced at the door, before Robin looked back at the woman before him, uncertain if he should respond. He hadn't been properly introduced yet, after all. \"A traveler, Walter,\" Marion called back. She glanced at him with something not quite panic in her eyes. Gritting her teeth visibly, she walked purposely to the door and shut it before turning back to Robin. \"This news will go very hard on him,\" she said gravely. Robin could now see, by the light of the fire in the large hearth, the worry and stress lines, especially about her mouth. Her concern for the old man pleased him, though he wasn't sure why. He didn't know her or, for that matter, the Lord of the house, this Walter. \"Bring him in!\" called the voice from behind the now closed door. Marion looked back at Robin, imploring him with her eyes to do as she said. \"Yes, yes,\" she called back distractedly. Her eyes sought Robin's. \"Tell him Robert is in the Holy Land, sends his love, and will return soon,\" she said, thinking quickly. There, that should please Walter. And, based on what their guest had said, it might not even be a lie. Well, the returning part was… she'd worry about sorting that truth out later. Right now – \"Marion,\" Walter said, pushing the door open with his staff. Robin's gaze snapped from the woman trying to coach him to the door, where his Lord and host had now appeared in his dressing gown. \"Our traveler will be thirsty. Travelers are always thirsty. Is that not so?\" He reached out with shaking hands for Marion, who stepped naturally forward to take them. \"Your name, sir?\" Well, he would do his best to follow the woman's orders, but he had a mission, after all. \"Longstride. Robin Longstride.\" In the silence that followed Robin's announcement, several dogs ran by, barking. \"Do you mock me?\" the older gentleman finally said. That was not the response Robin had been expecting. He glanced at Marion to see what her reaction was. \"Sir?\" he asked quietly, unsure how to proceed. Marion was being no help now. Robin decided to forge ahead with his mission. The sooner he delivered the sword, the sooner he could be on his way – north, to escape the political storm in London and anyone who might be looking for him. \"Your son,\" Robin said, stepping forward and pulling the sword in its scabbard from about his waist, \"he asked me to deliver this.\" The old man reached out a shaky hand. Robin guided the sword so that the old man's hand grasped the handle. Walter pulled the sword halfway out the scabbard, the sound of the blade scraping free as familiar to him, ten years later, as the day Robert had boldly taken it from him. Robin knew that what he was doing was right, was what the knight in France had asked him to do. But looking at the pain in the old man's eyes as he realized what Robin had brought him made Robin wish anyone else had been given this task but him. He may have grown up without a father, but he could still remember the love he had had for his father, before being abandoned. Unbidden, a memory flashed into his mind. He could see… another man's face… like an older version of his own… that same look of pain that was in Walter's eyes now… staring back at him… It was gone. That man wasn't here, wasn't real. Walter was. \"And how,\" asked Walter, still staring without seeing, \"does Robert defend himself if he has no sword.\" His voice was flat, but somehow still full of grief. Robin looked away, unable to hold that pained gaze for long. \"So. The prodigal son will not return, after all,\" Walter continued, voice quiet. Robin looked at Marion for her reaction. She already knew Robert was dead, thanks to his own massive blunder earlier of blurting his mission to her without knowing who she was. Now, she was looking at Walter, and her gaze was full of sympathy. She knew Walter, though somewhat feeble and completely blind, was still as sharp as a tack, and indeed incredibly clever. She had known he would figure it out. She had known it would be silly to think he wouldn't, that this…traveler could hand Walter the sword and say Robert sent his regards. But the pain in Walter's eyes cut her to the bone. As much as she had missed her husband, the truth was, she hadn't really known him all that well before he ran off to join King Richard on his Crusade. Walter, though… that was his son. His son who had left in anger. She could remember standing by the table in the great hall, setting it for supper, trying to pretend that her husband and father-in-law weren't having a shouting match for the ages just a week into her stay there… that her husband wasn't abandoning her already… \"No tears,\" Walter said, struggling for his composure. \"No forgiveness from his father…\" Marion wanted to weep, not only for Walter's pain, but for her own, and Robert's, as well. She couldn't wait for this traveler to have his meal and leave, so she could grieve in peace… \"No amends to be made,\" Walter whispered. He turned to Marion. Even in his grief, he remembered that he had a daughter in her, and that she would be hurting, too. They were partners, Marion and he. Together they had kept the hall running while his son had run off to play boy soldier in the King's army. He had seen the steely strength in her, as day after day, year after year, they somehow kept afloat, through tax seasons, poor harvests, and as more and more men left for the Crusade. Marion moved toward Walter and rested her forehead on his shoulder, just as she had when he came to her room to talk to her the night Robert left. He kissed her forehead and hugged her close. Robin was uncomfortably aware of the high emotions that were running around the room, and that he was the cause for a lot of the tension here. He had never met these people. His only introduction to them was to bring them news of the death of a loved one. He fidgeted. The stupid chainmail was heavy… \"Did you see him die?\" Walter asked, turning back to Robin again. Robin nodded and bowed his head. \"I was with him when he passed,\" he said quietly, his voice gruff. He wished he could comfort him somehow. Then he realized, he could offer them something. \"His final words were of the love and bond between a father and son.\" Walter seemed now in control of himself. \"Forgive my rudeness,\" he said. \"My grief has been waiting on this day.\" He handed his staff to Marion, who was also pulling herself together. \"So come, so that I may see you,\" Walter added, holding his hands out towards Robin. Robin stepped forward, the chainmail clinking as he moved. Walter's hands found his upper arms, then moved up to his shoulders, his neck. He felt the smooth, worn skin as Walter's hands found his ears, his brow, his eyes, and down his straight nose. Walter's eyes closed, as if to visualize what his hands were telling him in his mind's eye. His fingers gently brushed Robin's eyes, his cheeks, his mouth, his chin. And then Walter spoke. \"Robin Longstride,\" he said thoughtfully. Robin glanced at Marion. Did Walter know something he did not? \"A common enough, but noble Saxon name,\" Walter declared. Marion smiled ruefully at Walter and Robin's exchange. She knew the old man well enough to know that he was up to something. He knew something he wasn't saying. \"So, you will dine with us,\" Walter said to Robin. It wasn't a question. \"But first, you must bathe, son. You stink,\" Walter said, pulling a face. Robin glanced quickly between Marion and Walter. Was this some sort of joke? Was he offending his hosts? What had happened to the emotionally intense atmosphere? Things were suddenly changing and happening very quickly. Walter had said he smelled and was now walking away. What was he supposed to do? Damn it all, he wasn't a knight, he wasn't a Lord – he didn't know how these things worked! And this chain mail was heavy! It was hard work just standing still in it, let alone he'd been traveling in it for days! Walter was gone and Marion was left to show their guest to the wash room. \"Follow me,\" she said, and swiftly turned and walked purposefully towards the stairs. Robin hastened to keep up with her, chainmail clinking. She showed him to a small room. Serving girls were bustling about, filling the large tub in the center with hot water from a cauldron that hung over the fire in the hearth. Marion told Robin to go ahead in and that she would be right back. He did as he was told and tried his best to stay out of the wenches' way as they worked, filling the tub almost to the brim with the steaming water. \"I've laid out some of my husband's clothes; I hope you don't find that too discomforting,\" Marion said, reappearing at the door with a bundle of clothes in her arms. She set the bundle on the sideboard and the serving girls, apparently finished with their task, hastened out of the room. Marion turned to follow them out the door. They did still have supper to prepare, and now they had a guest… \"My lady,\" Robin said, stepping forward from the corner of the room he had found to stay out of the way. Marion turned back. \"I'll need some help with the chain mail.\" Marion's gaze took in Robin from head to toe and she looked away quickly. The only part of him not covered in chain mail was his head. She shook herself. \"Winifred?\" she called out the door. She stepped halfway out into the corridor. \"Wi-Winifred?\" There was no response. She was just going to have to be brave and do it herself. She turned back to the man in front of her and shut the door behind her. This situation called for privacy. He wasn't saying anything. Why wasn't he saying anything? Did he think that just because her husband had worn the armor, she would know how it worked? Damn it why wasn't he saying anything. The silence was making her edgy and nervous, so she did what she always did – she lashed out. He could see her nervousness. It was apparent in the way she held her shoulders and wouldn't meet his eyes directly. She made an impatient gesture with her stiff shoulders. Even without speaking, she was giving him orders. She seemed to be waiting for him to tell her what to do first. \"The coif has a clasp at the base of the neck,\" he said, not willing to stand awkwardly with her for longer than necessary. Plus, Walter had so helpfully reminded him that he smelled awful, and the heat and steam of the room were making it worse. He didn't want to offend the beautiful woman any longer than was absolutely necessary. Still not meeting his eyes, Marion walked boldly up to him and reached up to the lacings just visible under his chin. Her nimble fingers undid the ties quickly and she took half a step back. Robin turned around, pointing vaguely to his back. \"If you take off the coif, you'll find lacings in the back of the tabard.\" Robin felt suddenly lighter as she removed the hood of chain mail from where it hung on his shoulders and heard the heavy thunk it made as she set the armor on the sideboard. She was not overly gently as she pulled at the lacings of the tabard apart. No, she was all business. Each time she pulled at the lacings, he was jerked ever so slightly off balance. He couldn't help but wonder if this was payback for asking her to do such a menial task. The lacings finally undone, she pulled the tabard and set it too on the sideboard. She moved around to face him again and started to work on the lacings under his left arm. He glanced at her face as she worked, more than aware still of his smell, and the fact that he was seriously in this woman's debt: not only for her help now, but also for the way he had told her about her husband. She glanced up and held his gaze for a moment, seeming to understand the thoughts going on in his head. She had a wry twist to her lips, and was suddenly just a tiny bit gentler with the lacings. He was so tired, and the chain mail weighed so much, that they ended up having to peel it off of him. She pulled the hauberk over his head, and he bent over to help, so she wouldn't have to lift it. She gave one last good tug, which unbalanced her from her crouch so that she fell on her bottom on the floor, the chain mail following suit. At last, he was free from the metal casing he had been carrying for days. He almost felt like he could fly, except the withering look Marion cast him from her less than dignified place on the wash room floor quickly grounded him again. Too proud to accept the hand he offered to help her up, she stood again under her own willpower, so he picked up the chain mail to set it on the sideboard with the coif. Marion sighed, knowing that he still needed help, as the lacings of the shirt he wore were in the back. Men's clothing was so inconvenient sometimes. Without having to say anything, Robin turned so his lacings faced her and she set dutifully to work on them. The shirt, too, was apparently too much for Robin, and after watching him struggle to get it over his head for a second, Marion simply grabbed the bottom of it and pulled it over his head. He bent over again so she could tug it right off him. It came off much easier than the chain mail had, and as he straightened, Marion couldn't help but glance at Robin's torso. He was strong and solid, much like Robert had been. She balled up the shirt in her hands and hastily brought her gaze back to his face, lest he catch her staring at him. \"Thank you,\" he whispered, as if all his energy had been spent. He reached out to take the offensive-smelling garment from her. She snatched it away. \"I'll have it washed,\" she said, and she swept out of the little room, chin held high. Robin turned to follow her movements, a second behind her quick movements. At the door, Marion turned back for a moment, eyeing him one last time. The firelight bathed his bare chest and arms in golden light. There were a couple of large, dark scars on the left side of his body. That was all she saw before she went out the door, closing it firmly behind her. What had that been about? Robin was too tired to try to figure out the mind of a smart, beautiful, independent woman. He splashed water from the tub on his face. He quickly did away with the rest of his clothing, just remembered to grab the soap from its dish on the sideboard, and gratefully sank into the hot water. He could almost feel the layers of dirt and road grime coming off his skin. He dunked under the water and came up again. He wished he could stay in the bath until the water grew too cold to bear, but he didn't want to be late to supper, especially as the guest of these two formidable characters who ran Peper Harow. Downstairs, Marion found Margaret, the laundress, and handed her Robin's shirt for washing. That task done, she headed for the kitchen, to ensure that preparations for supper were running right on schedule. She didn't know how long Robin would take in the bath, but she didn't want him coming downstairs before she was ready. As much as the man irritated her, she would be damned if he were treated to anything less than a perfect meal. Her mother had taught her the importance of being a gracious and proper hostess, and she would die before any guest in her house was found wanting. Finally assured that the meal was in good hands, Marion quickly ran up the stairs to her room to change for supper. She splashed water on her face, combed her hair back, and put on her nice, dark blue dress. It wasn't fancy, but it was one of the better ones she had. Coming out of her room, she went to Walter's bedroom, just two doors down from hers, and escorted him to the large table in the great hall. Walter sat down at his place at the head of the table. Already, a plan had presented itself in his mind, and he couldn't wait for his guest to come downstairs so he could put the plan into motion. Not only would it save Peper Harow, it would keep Robin Longstride around, and that, he thought to himself, was a very good thing indeed. \"Marion, more wine,\" he called from his seat at the table, pleased with himself. He could hear, under the hum of the usual sounds of servants preparing the food and bustling about, a man's step on the stairs. Robin Longstride pulled out the chair to Walter's right and sat down. Servants continued bringing dishes to the table as the men filled their plates. From the smell, they would be having the usual sparse fare that served as sustenance in Nottingham these days, although he knew Marion would have seen to it that what food they did set out was as fine as could be. Marion grabbed the decanter of wine from the sideboard and the pitcher of water and approached Walter's side to serve him. \"You've taken a long road to bring this to me,\" Walter was saying to their guest. \"I cannot decide if that makes you trustworthy,\" he said, sipping from his goblet. \"Or manipulative,\" Marion supplied, reaching Walter's side. She had had time to think, and she had come to the conclusion that Robin Longstride was nothing but trouble. The sooner they got through supper and he was on his way, the better. \"Marion, I am merely trying to gauge the quality of the man we have as our guest,\" Walter admonished as she poured first wine, then water into his goblet. He hated it when she watered down his wine. Did she think him a feeble old man who could not hold his drink? He decided to push her. \"Is he handsome?\" he asked. Marion knew his game right away and called him on it. \"Yes,\" she admitted. He was quite handsome. Especially without a shirt, in firelight… \"In the way that yeomen sometimes are,\" she continued, pouring wine into Robin's goblet for him. She met his eyes. \"When they're sober.\" She finished pouring and made her way back to her seat across from Robin, on Walter's left. \"Entertain us with a tale of your life, sir. We don't get many visitors anymore, except tax collectors and other beggars,\" Walter said. Oh, yes, she had caught him in his game, and gave as good as she got. He needed to steer the direction of the conversation away from any budding hostility between the two – especially if his plan was going to succeed. \"I don't know where I'm from,\" Robin admitted. He stared down at his plate. \"Only know where I've been.\" He prayed Walter wouldn't ask where he'd been. He didn't want to relive his past. Better to leave the horrors of war, the years of begging as a child to himself. Especially given Walter's apparent view of beggars. Though blind, Walter could tell Robin didn't want to talk about the past. \"So, Marion, what color are his eyes?\" Robin shifted his gaze from his plate up to Marion, daring her to look him in the eye, to answer Walter's question. Marion met his silent challenge, holding his gaze for several moments. \"I don't yet know,\" she said thoughtfully. Walter grinned to himself. She was uncertain of herself, which was a rare accomplishment. Additionally, with her uncertainty, she might be open to his plan. He decided it was time to make his great announcement. \"I have a proposal for you, young man,\" he said seriously. He needed to choose his words carefully now. \"You brought me this sword, which has great meaning. If you give me your time, it is yours.\" Robin was staring at Walter with rapt attention. Why would the old man give him this sword, the last memento, really, of his dead son? He didn't notice Marion, who merely glanced at Walter and back to her food. She knew the old man had some trick up his sleeve. He would reveal it when he was good and ready. And she knew, from this preamble, that what he was going to say was going to be big. He had fiercely loved Robert and been bitterly disappointed when his son had taken the sword and gone with the King. For Walter to give it away, now, to a perfect stranger… \"I could stay for a day,\" Robin said. His glance slid across the table to Marion. \"Or more.\" He caught her eye roll as she dipped her fingers in the wash bowl and wiped them off. She refused to be baited by him, refused to meet his gaze. Robin grinned. \"I have a question to ask you,\" he said, turning back to Walter. \"And what is your question?\" Walter asked. \"The words, on the hilt of the sword – what do they mean?\" This was better than Walter could have asked for. \"Well, I think I have much to tell you about history – about your history.\" Robin sat back in chair and studied Walter. What could the old man possibly know of his history? \"That's very kind,\" he said. \"Well, you haven't heard the other half of my proposal yet.\" Walter paused, savoring the moment. He knew his audience was captivated now. \"I want you to stay in Nottingham and, for the time being, become my returned son… and therefore… Marion's spouse.\" The words were barely out of his mouth before Marion rose angrily. \"Oh, that's enough! You've had too much to drink!\" She reached for Walter's goblet, which he grabbed before she could. \"Listen! Listen!\" Walter said. Robin watched their exchange with great interest. \"We both know that without a husband, you will lose this land when I die.\" Marion paused. \"Do you dispute that? Hm?\" \"No,\" she said quietly. She could see the logic of Walter's proposal, and knew in her head that it was a sound plan. Her heart, however, was telling her something else. Her quiet \"no\" was not only a response to Walter's question. \"No! So, if I say this is my son, he will be seen as that. And so, as your husband, huh? It is a fair contract,\" he continued. He knew Marion was coming around to seeing things his way. \"It is not as if I expect you to have children or…\" Marion glanced at Robin and felt her face grow hot at his obvious interest in what was being discussed. The image of him in firelight came once again to her mind, adding to the heat in her face. Walter came back to his point, his attention still on Robin, unaware of the exchange between the two younger people. \"No. The sword for your time, Longstride. Are you in agreement?\" Robin gazed up at Marion, where she still stood at her place on Walter's left. He gave his reply to her. \"Yes.\" Immensely pleased with the evening, Walter turned to his daughter-in-law. \"Marion, go tell the staff that my son has arrived, and our home is now whole again.\" Marion stormed off, grabbing the second decanter of wine off the table so Walter couldn't drink it. \"Tell them to ring the church bells in celebration!\" he called as she walked off – he could hear her angry footsteps and then the door to the buttery slam shut. \"And more wine, please!\" So, the first chapter is complete! Please, if you're enjoying the story, leave a comment or review. I'm not sure how many total chapters there will be. Happy reading![Chapter 2] Author's Note : This chapter starts off with a lot of my own invention, then finishes strong, sticking fairly faithfully to the movie. Enjoy! Soon after his announcement and their agreement, Walter had excused himself to his chamber for the evening, saying it was late and he was not as young as he had once been. Plus, Marion had hidden the wine from him again, so what was the use of sticking around? He bade his guest good night, and offered his hand to shake. \"Welcome home, my son.\" Left to his own thoughts, Robin had moved over to the great hearth and stared into the flames, thoughtful. He had told his men that the only way you knew a knight from any other man was by his clothing. After just a few hours in the company of a Lord and knight, he was beginning to see just how wrong he had been. There was an entire way of acting, speaking, moving, and interacting with others that was foreign to him. He had been counting on the fact that he could let the pretense of knighthood drop as soon as he delivered the sword to Nottingham, and could then be free to make his own way in the world as his own self, Robin Longstride. Now, it appeared that would not be the case after all. Though he had made his way by lying often enough – Little John had been quite close to the truth when he accused him of rigging the game of chance – this was different. This was claiming to be another man. He was essentially taking over this dead man's place. He wasn't sure the rightness of that, so soon after delivering the news of his death. He hoped that God would be understanding… Marion, angry as she was, still had the presence of mind to tell Stephen to escort Walter back to his chamber and get him ready for the night. She went where she always did when she needed a few minutes alone – to the pantry. It was cool and dry there, and no matter if she cried, fumed, or pulled her hair, the only witnesses to her emotions were the sacks of vegetables and flour that were stored there. These days, their number was less and less. She went ahead and added that grievance to her growing list to vent about right now. She didn't want to go back out to the great hall with red eyes, so she settled for simply pacing the length of the smallish room. Her husband was dead, and though she would miss him, she was honest enough with herself to admit she hadn't really known him – not after only a week of marriage and a brief, whirlwind courtship before that. She glanced at her left hand, where she still wore the wedding band Robert had given her. She wasn't ready yet to take it off, for it had represented not only hope but also safety, these last ten years. Those hopes were now dashed, and the safety more tenuous than ever. On top of those worries she also had to worry about keeping Peper Harow running, the village boys were run off into Sherwood, Walter was getting older every day, the food shortage was getting harder to cope with every year, and now… now Walter wanted her to pretend like this stranger, Robin Longstride, was her returned husband. She prayed to God for the strength to pull that one off. God knew her troubles were great – at least, she hoped He knew, because right now, she really needed His help to bear her burdens. She squared her shoulders. Praying was one thing, but feeling sorry for herself in a near-empty pantry was dangerously close to self-pity, and she had no time for that at all. She would rise to this new challenge, just as she had risen to everything life had thrown at her so far, and she would come out the winner. Thus armed for the battle, she opened the pantry door, and almost ran over Walter. \"I thought you had gone to bed. I was just… seeing to breakfast preparations,\" she said, trying to find a reasonable excuse for her presence in such a place. \"Marion, we all need our secret places in which to slip away for a few moments now and then,\" Walter said. Marion started. She didn't think anyone knew about her secret place to, as he said, slip away. \"Now then. I assume you've seen the logic of my agreement with Robin Longstride?\" \"Yes, I have,\" she said, taking a deep breath and letting it out in a rush. Like it or not, it was a sound plan. She didn't know what she would do if they lost Peper Harow and its five thousand acres of rich farmland. \"And are you in agreement also?\" Walter asked. \"I thought it only fair to ask you as well, since this matter concerns you as well as him.\" Marion looked down, suddenly ashamed. Walter had been like a father to her since she had come here, and even more so after his son left. She should have known he wouldn't make her do anything she was uncomfortable with. \"I am, Walter, I am,\" she assured him. \"Excellent. I only have your best interests at heart, you know.\" \"I know. And I am… so thankful, Walter, truly, for everything you have done for me.\" \"I love you as if you were my own daughter, you know that.\" \"I do.\" \"Try to remember that tonight.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Marion asked, glancing up at him sharply. Apparently, the old man was not done with his meddling, or his bag of tricks. \"I am on my way to bed,\" he said, \"but wanted to remind you that your husband is now home. It must be known publically. And so you must appear as man and wife.\" \"Yes, and we will,\" Marian agreed. \"He must sleep in your chamber,\" Walter said. \"What?!\" Marion gasped. That was going too far. \"Marion, he is your husband. You know that the walls have eyes and ears here. If you do not play the parts at all times, rumor will get out. Any thoughts anyone has about dissension between you two will cast doubt, and we cannot have that, not when such a ruse is… hm. No. There cannot be any doubt that he is Robert returned.\" \"Walter…\" \"I'm not saying he must warm your bed, Marion. But he needs to be in your chamber, and you must call him Robert. The names are close enough that a slip-up could probably be excused, but your actions, Marion… they are what speak the loudest. Your interactions with him are what the people will pick up on, and talk about – including here at the hall. Especially here, where people know you, knew Robert, and see you two on a daily basis.\" Unfortunately, Walter was still making all too much sense. She bowed her head. \"Of course, Walter. I'll do my best.\" \"I know you will, my girl, you always have,\" Walter said. He kissed her brow. \"Good night, my dear. I will see you and Robert in the morning for breakfast.\" \"Yes. Good night, Walter.\" His staff in hand, he walked away grinning. When he was a length down the corridor, he began calling for Stephen to help him upstairs. She shook her head. The wily old fox… Marion made her way back to the great hall. She didn't want her… husband… to wander about by himself. Just because she was happy to make Walter happy, it didn't mean she was happy about having to share her chamber. That thought sobered her quickly and brought a frown to her face. Walter had just said everyone needed places to slip away to. Her chamber was just such a place, and now he expected her to give it up and share it with a stranger. Her frown deepened. With these thoughts spinning through her mind, she stormed into the great hall. Spotting a few maids still at work in the buttery, she slammed the door shut. She didn't need an audience for the talk she was about to have with her new 'husband.' She spotted Longstride standing in front of the hearth. She entered the large room with purposeful strides. The dogs lying about pricked their ears at the approach of their mistress, and seemed to pick up on her stormy mood. Alerted to another's presence by the dogs, Robin turned and saw Marion coming toward him. He slid the sword, whose words he had once again been studying in vain, back into its scabbard. Marion stopped a couple of paces away from him. He turned to give her his full attention. She folded her hands primly in front of her. \"It seems we are to share my chamber,\" she said. Her tone of voice just dared him to make some sort of comment to her statement. She straightened her posture even further. \"A ruse to convince the servants.\" Robin was a little shocked by her bold declaration, but in all honesty, he expected nothing less from the wily old man. To cover his moment of shock, he made his way over to the chair set in front of the fire, the sword still in hand. \"Well,\" he said. He set the sword to lean against the side of the table nearby. \"If the aim is deception…\" he sat down, stretching his long legs out insolently, leaning back against the seat like a lazy lord, \"should you not be addressing me as 'my husband' or 'my dear'?\" He smirked up at her from his position. She may have the upper hand, this being her home, but he would not be pushed over. Not even by smart, beautiful women. Marion was almost speechless, gaping at his audacity. \"Don't be ridiculous!\" she snapped, finding her voice again quickly. She refused to be in the irritating man's presence a moment longer. The way he sat in Robert's chair, like he owned the place… Expecting her to call him 'husband' or 'dear'… she had some pride! She paused beside the table when she didn't hear footsteps following her lead. She turned back to see Robin still sprawled in the chair at the hearth. \"Well, are you coming or not?\" she said impatiently, hand on one hip. She didn't have all night! She was tired! Robin slowly rolled his head to look at her squarely. He studied her for a moment, from the ramrod straight posture to the insolent hand on her hip to the flush in her cheeks. \"Ask me nicely.\" He could see the effect his words had on her immediately. She hated the confinement of having to play at being his submissive wife, and probably hated him, as well. For now, Robin would settle for pricking her temper just to see that fire in her, the sparkle in her eyes and the bright spots of color in her cheeks. Hopefully, in time, he could inspire such a reaction in her for other reasons… but he knew she was angry, she was hurting, she was being imposed upon… and if hating him helped her get over it, well then. He was a patient man. He could wait. Looking at her now, her long, dark hair swirling about her and her breathing harsh, he decided he would wait for her. He would wait as long as it took for her to come around to one day liking him, even just a little, because he sure as hell liked her – and not just a little. Marion glared at him, her gaze calculating. What game was he playing at? Ask him nicely indeed. But he didn't appear to be trying to lord anything over her head. He seemed almost to be… not flirting with her. No, definitely not flirting. She was too tired for games right now. She didn't want to think about him, about how confusing he was, didn't want to figure out his puzzle right now. Instead, she raised her chin a fraction and stepped as proudly ladylike as she could out to where he could see her figure fully. She turned to face him. \"Please, dear husband, will you share my chamber?\" she managed to choke out without stumbling or laughing over her words. She even threw in a mocking little curtsy, just to show him… what? That she knew how? That she could play his game? That she could be as proper as any court lady? She gave him a good frown then turned quickly and started up the stairs. Let him find his own way. She whistled for the dogs to come with her, and they got up from their warm places by the fire, barking, still slightly agitated by her apparent anger but wanting to be by their mistress's side. Robin followed her dramatic exit and ascent to the second floor of the hall with his eyes. She was quite a vision when riled. He hadn't meant to offend her further, or cause her greater stress. What he wanted was hard to put into words. He admired her immensely for the apparently excellent job she had done keeping Peper Harow running without the aid of a husband. She had the manner and bearing of a noble lady, and yet, when he had first met her, she had been bent over, picking out the hoof of a huge draft horse, her hair bound up in a peasant's wrap. She was a big tangle of contradictions is what she was, he decided. An intriguing, beguiling, and enticing tangle, but a tangle nonetheless, and tonight he was too tired for tangles. Speaking of tangles, he glanced at the sword he had leant against the table and reached out for it, bringing the words on the hilt into the firelight. 'Until lambs become lions' it said. He didn't know what that was supposed to mean. Marion had the fierce spirit of a lion, and though she was no lamb, he had seen gentleness in her, too, especially when it came to Walter. He hoped one day she would show him the same gentleness… tangles. They were best left for daylight. With a groan Robin stood up and stretched. He had better go upstairs and find Marion's room. If he was Robert, he couldn't very well ask a servant where his own bedroom was. After checking the first two bedrooms and finding them empty, he came to one bathed in gold by flickering firelight. His eyes immediately turned to the large bed covered in a white quilt, which had not yet been turned down for the night. Looking at the bed was making him think about things he could not begin to hope for and he pulled his gaze away to his right. Marion stood before the large hearth there. When his eyes found her instead of her bed, she threw the last blanket on the floor at the makeshift bed she had arranged for him there on the warm flagstones. She fondled the ear of her favorite hound, a big grey wolfhound and said, \"Here,\" gesturing to the bed of blankets. She moved to the doorway in the wall of curtains she had hastily strung across her room while waiting for Robin to follow her upstairs. She'd been glad he had tarried, knowing how awkward it would have been to so obviously set up a wall between them, even if that wall was made of spare bedsheets. The hound stayed at her side as she paused. Robin turned from studying his new bed to look back at her, waiting for what further instructions she had for him. \"I sleep with a dagger,\" she said proudly. \"If you so much as move to touch me, I will sever your manhood. You understand?\" Well, the feisty woman was full of surprises, wasn't she. The hound at her side nuzzled his hand, the cold wet nose reminding him she was waiting for his response. \"Thanks for the warning,\" he drawled. She slammed the curtains closed, right there in his face. He smiled. He could take a hint. He shuffled over to the bed of blankets and heaved himself down, stretching out his full length. One benefit of being on the floor was he had all the leg room he wanted. \"Hello, dogs,\" he said. The hound that had followed Marion laid down beside him, exposing its belly submissively. Even if their mistress didn't care for him, the dogs at least thought he was alright. Animals were generally very good judges of men's characters, he had found. Perhaps Marion would accept him when she saw her dogs accepting him. He rubbed a hand over his face. That was fanciful thinking. He glanced over at the wall of bedsheets and immediately wished he hadn't. The sheets were white, and in the light of the candles Marion had lit on her side, they had become fairly sheer. From his position on the floor, he watched as Marion took off several layers of clothing. He wondered idly why women's clothing put the laces in front but left men dependent on others to do theirs in the back. That seemed entirely backwards logic to him. She really was beautiful. Her slim figure seemed almost to dance as she moved gracefully around her room, carefully setting her clothes in their proper places, ready to pick up the next morning. Her long hair cascaded over her shoulder like a waterfall, and he longed to run his fingers through it. Knowing there was only danger where his thoughts were heading, Robin turned away, onto his back. The hound at his side whined softly, and he stroked its belly again, and its tail thumped against the flagstones. With a sigh, Robin tossed in his nest of blankets a little, trying to find a position that was at least somewhat comfortable, and closed his eyes. Who knew what surprises tomorrow had in store for him. Whatever they turned out to be, he had no doubt he'd need all the sleep and rest he could get in order to face them head-on. As always, my lovely readers, feedback is the breakfast of champion writers everywhere - drop a comment or review! Thanks![Chapter 3] Author's Note : Thank you for sticking with this story, awesome readers! Well, this chapter is one of my personal favorites. It stays with the Director's Cut version of the film, so if the scene at the end with the ram and the Sheriff is unfamiliar, fret not, but be assured that it is, in fact, canon. The only part I made up is as they leave that scene and transition to the next chapter. Well! Commence with the reading! Marion rose from bed before the sun had even peaked fully over the horizon. She hurried to get dressed, before Robin woke up and could catch her in her shift, or with her hair in disarray from sleep, although, when they had met in the courtyard, her hair had been less than tidily piled into a serf's wrap atop her head… why was she even worried about such an inconsequential thing? She pulled on her favorite riding habit and arranged her hair in her favorite style. Today was going to be for her, she decided. Her husband was dead, her home in danger from tax collectors and grain thieves, and now she was being forced to act like this total stranger was her husband. She hadn't even been given time to grieve properly for Robert. No one could even admit that he was dead. Thinking about her late husband reminded her of her current 'husband' and the fact that he would need clothes and a wash stand when he awoke. Muttering softly to herself, she pulled out some of Robert's old clothes from the chest where she had stored them so long ago and laid out a full outfit on the chair that was by Robin's feet. She glanced at his face, but he was sleeping soundly, snoring ever so slightly. She didn't want to make a fuss, so she simply moved the bowl and pitcher she had used herself to a small table next to the chair for his use. She checked, and the pitcher was still half full. It would suit him fine. Before leaving her room, she glanced at Robin again. He looked peaceful in his sleep, and unguarded. In sleep there were no lies, no deceptions, no one to fool. He was simply laying there, one hand resting on the side of her favorite hound. She shook her head and made her way downstairs. Robin woke suddenly and looked about him, unsure for a moment where he was. The warm, furry belly of the hound beside him and the hard stones beneath him quickly reminded him where he was – Marion's bedroom. More accurately, Marion's floor, he thought, wincing as he levered himself first to a sitting position and then to standing with a groan. He stretched his arms above his head and grimaced at the stiffness he felt. Though not old, he was also no longer a youth. Glancing around his makeshift bedchamber, he spied a small stand with a bowl and pitcher on it. Marion must have arranged it, either last night before he had followed her up or this morning before he woke. Either way, he was grateful to splash some water on his face. Wiping the water away with the small cloth that had been provided, he spied a fresh set of men's clothes laid out on a chair. He set the cloth down and picked up the shirt. It was finer than anything he had ever owned. He felt briefly guilty again for so thoroughly taking over the other man's life and identity from him. But decisions had been made, and these were desperate, dangerous times. He hoped Robert understood. He put on the shirt, pants, and other items laid out, but put his own boots back on and made his way downstairs. \"I hear a man's steps,\" Walter called out from his customary place at the table. \"Good morning, my son.\" Robin approached the other end of the table. Though the man couldn't see him, he nodded, \"Morning, Walter.\" Robin looked at the table and saw the sword with its infuriatingly puzzling message on the hilt lying in its scabbard. \"Oh ho, Father,\" Walter admonished him, grinning devilishly. \"Father,\" Robin corrected himself with a rueful grin. He liked the old man, for all his clever plans and secretive hints about the past. Marion, hearing their morning exchange, glanced at the great hall from the buttery, where she had taken her own light breakfast. She didn't like to begin her work day on an overly full stomach, and was accustomed to taking her morning meal there, with the servants. She moved to the buttery doorway to better eavesdrop on the men's conversation. \"So what is it that you know of my history?\" Robin asked, leaning against the table eagerly. \"Patience,\" Walter counseled. \"You must show yourself today. Wear your sword,\" he said, gesturing vaguely with a piece of buttered bread at the sword on the table in front of Robin. Robin looked down, glad Walter couldn't see the disappointment he was feeling at the delay. \"Marion,\" Walter called. \"I'm here, Walter,\" she replied, stepping out from the buttery doorway to the edge of the great hall. She refused to even look at Robin, afraid where her thoughts may lead, seeing him dressed so finely in Robert's clothes, and wondering what tricks Walter had up his sleeve for today. At her response, Robin turned quickly and took in her queenly appearance. She was dressed finely, in a brown riding habit, complete with gloves and a riding crop she was twisting in her hands. \"Reacquaint your husband with his village,\" Walter instructed, \"and his people.\" Marion couldn't hide her surprise. So, she would get to go for her ride after all. And, as she glanced at Robin, noted that he in fact looked rather dashing in the dark blue overcoat she had pulled out for him. \"I'll see to the horses,\" she said, and left. Robin turned back to Walter. \"I feel invigorated,\" the older man said. \"I woke this morning with a tumescent glow.\" Robin shook his head, grinning at the old man's announcement. \"Eighty-four. A miracle!\" \"I've always wondered at the private conversations of men,\" Marion said drily, reappearing in the doorway. Robin turned to her again. \"Husband,\" she called wearily. Robin grabbed the sword and scabbard from the table and followed her, turning in time to catch her world-weary sigh and eye roll. Grinning, he followed her out to the stable. The stable master had prepared his horse for him. He figured, what with the King dead and no one else to claim the beast, he could rightfully call the magnificent animal his. Next to his horse was a dark brown-black mare, presumably Marion's steed. Before he could move to assist her, a stable boy was already giving Marion a leg-up into her saddle. Robin noted the easy way she sat her mount and knew she was a capable horse-woman. He thanked the stable boy holding his horse and mounted swiftly. Marion took the lead, and they headed out at a leisurely trot towards the fields. They rode in silence, simply enjoying the pleasure ride and the peaceful day. It was still early, but already the serfs were about their daily tasks, be it tending the fields, hawking their wares, or delivering carts laden with packages, as one man was doing, his donkey braying harshly. Marion guided her horse faster and turned down the hedgerow, leaving Robin to keep up or be left behind. She pulled up at the end of the row, where it joined the main path. \"This is rich country,\" Robin said as they slowed to a walk to avoid running over people. \"Where's your cattle, your sheep?\" he asked, noting a distinct lack of noises and smells he had thought he would have encountered by now. He looked around, just to be sure he wasn't just not seeing them, but no, they weren't around. Marion stopped her horse and turned to him. \"Sold, eaten, stolen, traded,\" she rattled off. \"We've had seven lean years.\" Her tone implied he should have guessed their plight. \"Our meat now is rabbit… or wild pig, on a lucky day.\" She eased her horse forward once the path was clear enough for both their horses to move forward again. They were so close, her right leg rubbed against his left as they rode. \"And deer?\" asked Robin. As the path widened, the horses drifted apart to a more comfortable distance. \"If you're willing to risk your neck to the King's Executioner,\" Marion said. Again, her tone implied he should have known this fact. \"Every deer in the land belongs to His Majesty.\" \"These things are God's gifts first, before the King's possessions,\" Robin said, frowning. England had indeed changed in the ten years he had been away. \"If it's illegal for a man to fend for himself, how then can he be a man in his own right?\" Marion found herself in complete agreement. \"Welcome home, sir,\" one of the serf women said, looking up at them as they rode past and affecting an attempt at a curtsy. \"Sir Robert,\" the man behind her said in greeting. \"Good morning, Joseph. Emma,\" Marion replied easily as they continued on. Robin, not knowing the people and still feeling residual guilt for taking another man's place, said nothing. He was also impressed that Marion knew the two peasants by name, though as soon as he had the thought, it also occurred to him that Marion was the sort of woman who knew every one of her people by name, trade, and family, and could hold a unique conversation with any of them. They were riding through the main thoroughfare of Nottingham now, the banging of the blacksmith's hammer and smell of the tannery surrounding them, as well as tons of people milling about, going about their daily routines. \"Sir Walter is our Lord, and you are Robert returned,\" Marion reminded Robin curtly. \"You should act so.\" \"Sir Robert! You remember me – I'm Tom Chamberlain, pig farmer,\" said one serf as they approached. Robin and Marion paused for a moment beside the dirty older man squinting up at them. \"You don't look a day older, Tom,\" Robin replied with a familiar, easy grin for the man. Before he and Marion had taken more than half a dozen steps, a woman approached them. She appeared to be in her early to mid-thirties. \"Sir Robert,\" she said, putting her hand out as if to rest it on Robin's thigh imploringly. However, she seemed to remember that he was the Lord, and she a serf with dirt on her hands, and she pulled her hand back. \"When will our young lads come back to us?\" she asked desperately. \"Will you find my Jamie, tell him to come home?\" The woman's heartfelt plea shook him, and he could only nod his head and nudge his horse onward again. What had she meant? Were the boys taken? Run off to be Crusaders? Marion, seeing his obvious discomfit over the exchange, nudged her horse close beside Robin's and explained in a low voice, \"With no work and little food, the village boys have gone.\" \"To be soldiers?\" he asked. \"Poachers,\" Marion corrected wryly. They were now approaching the outskirts of the town proper. Robin spied his friends leaning over a water trough. They looked a little worse for the wear this morning and he could only wonder at the mischief they had gotten into the night before, while he was up at the keep. While Marion was preoccupied saying hello to another serf, Robin kicked his horse forward to try to get a word in with his men before introducing her, or before they could ruin his pretense. \"Still here then?\" he said in greeting. Little John grinned, while Allan A'Dayle looked like he was about to be sick over the side of the trough. Robin glanced over his shoulder and saw Marion approaching quickly. He leaned down from his saddle and muttered, \"For the time being, refer to me as Sir Robert. I'll explain later.\" That was all he managed to say before Marion showed up. With her arrival, the men straightened, their eyes wide and staring at the beautiful woman he was with, who had such a queenly presence about her. Allan seemed to overcome his illness and stood at her approach. \"My, ah, men-at-arms,\" Robin explained when Marion looked at him questioningly. She had assumed they arrived with him, as she didn't recognize them as Nottingham residents and Robin had actively sought them out, unlike anyone else they had encountered this morning. She noted that Robin seemed almost embarrassed to be introducing her to them. \"This is about as courtly as they get,\" he said by way of explanation for their rough appearance. Allan was still pale, Will was eating porridge out of a wooden bowl, and Little John was dripping water back into the trough. All three were stripped bare from the waist up. Marion tried to hide her smile. \"Allan A'Dayle,\" Robin said, nodding to indicate the man on the end. Allan paled further, as if realizing he was in the presence of a noble lady and looking the way he did. \"Will Scarlet,\" Robin said, moving down the line. Will at least had the manners to put his bowl down. \"And Little John,\" John nodded his greeting to Robin's companion. \"Lady Marion,\" Robin finished grimly. The men, rough as they were, tried to affect some courtly bows. Marion appreciated their efforts and found them somewhat comical and seemingly good-hearted. Surely Robin wasn't the sort of man to be friends with unprincipled or immoral men. She smiled at them. Behind the men a door creaked open. Marion glanced up in time to see Sarah, a tall, strong woman, peeking out the door. Her hair was wild and the lacings on her dress crooked. Sarah paled upon seeing the lady of the manor on her doorstep at this hour of the morning, with her appearance what it was, and she tried to melt back into the hut doorway in embarrassment. Marion glanced at Robin. Across the way, two more girls Marion recognized from the village appeared in another doorway, dresses hanging provocatively off their shoulders. When they saw Marion and Sir Robert, they giggled and ran back inside as well. Realizing the situation was souring fast, Robin flushed. Marion turned her attention back to Robin's 'men-at-arms,' who were unaware of the girls' appearances and quick disappearances. \"I trust you had an historic evening,\" she said, the censure clear in her voice. Missing her judgment completely, Little John grinned. \"For sure,\" he said, quite pleased with himself and with the way his evening had gone. Marion looked incredulously at Robin, rolled her eyes, and turned her mount away from the three barbarians. Robin tried to grin at her, to soften the rough edges of his friends. He realized he wanted her to like them, to like him. She was gone already. He glared at Little John, who was almost leering at him now. \"Lady Marion Loxley,\" he said seriously. \"My wife.\" Damn it all, he had wanted to impress the woman, not… this. A beat of stunned silence followed his remark. \"Well-played,\" Will said, smirking into his porridge. \"A bit… a bit rash, but well-played nonetheless.\" Clearly Will, at least, would support him. \"Right you are, Robin,\" Little John said, raising his fist to congratulate Robin on his apparent conquest as well. Allan still seemed too dazed by his evening to do more than follow along silently. Robin gritted his teeth. He raised his eyebrows at his friends. \"Sir Robert,\" he reminded them. God, everything hinged on the people of Nottingham accepting him as Sir Robert returned, and wouldn't it be just like his friends to muck that up for him – by accident, of course. \"Sir Robert.\" They started making overdone, flourishing, mocking bows to him. \"Sir.\" \"Sir.\" \"Sir Bob.\" \"Sir Robert.\" Oh, they would have an absolute field day, taking the mickey out of him for this one. He straightened in his saddle to ride after Marion. Good thing he didn't take himself too seriously. He hoped, in time, he would win Marion back over. Their morning had been going so well. They cantered out of the town, heading for the church Robin and his men had stopped at on their way into town the day before. \"Friar,\" a man in a brown robe Robin didn't recognized indicated his and Marion's presence to Friar Tuck with his mug, who turned from his work overseeing men loading bags of grain into a cart to greet them. Marion's eyes followed the wagon full of seed corn hungrily. \"Ah, Marion. Good news travels from Peper Harow this morning.\" He turned to Robin. \"Sir Robert. You should have made yourself known when we met in the field. Welcome home.\" He hated lying to the priest. He seemed a good man. \"Yes, I should have; forgive me, friar,\" Robin acknowledged, inclining his head to the good friar. He jerked his chin at the second cart that had been pulled up and was being quickly loaded with more grain sacks. \"What happens here?\" \"We're moving the Church's grain to York,\" Friar Tuck said heavily. \"Politics out of London, I hear.\" He seemed unhappy with his task. Unable to keep silent any longer, Marion burst out, \"This is our grain – it belongs in this soil!\" The Friar tried to soothe her anger. \"Lady Marion, I but follow the orders of my superiors and abide by their saying and rule.\" Robin glanced thoughtfully between Marion and the friar. There might just be a way to turn this situation to his favor, if he handled it carefully. Marion gave one last fierce glare to the driver of the cart, who was tipping his mug back and watching the grain sacks being loaded greedily. Disgusted, Marion turned her horse and rode away. Robin urged his horse a few steps closer to Friar Tuck and leaned in close. \"Does His Holiness know about your wealth of honey?\" he asked, his voice pitched low, for Tuck's ears only. The friar was caught and he knew it. He glanced behind him to ensure their conversation wasn't being listened in upon and turned back to Sir Robert. \"There are… wolves in York, Sir Robert – voracious wolves,\" he said, his voice matching Robin's. Then, with more force, \"The bees are my family. I'm a procreator by design,\" his voice was still pitched low, and Robin glanced up to make sure the workers were not listening to what Tuck was telling him. \"I'm not a 'churchy' friar – never was,\" Tuck explained. \"My bees give life; they are my life, Sir Robert.\" Robin remained unmoved by the friar's impassioned speech. \"Should not the Bishop be told, so the clergy can spread Nottingham honey on Nottingham bread?\" he countered. Friar Tuck looked up at him thoughtfully for a moment. \"What if the grain were not to reach York?\" he proposed. Robin leaned down even further, pleased where their conversation was going but not wanting to give that away to the friar. \"Then the bees need to be spoken of.\" Friar Tuck gave Robin a slightly sneaky half-grin. They were both clever men. Tuck was sure they would be able to reach a… alternative solution to the problem that would suit all parties. And Sir Robert seemed a fair man, who cared deeply for his people – the friar couldn't fault him for that. He watched as Robert turned to catch up with his Lady and they rode off again. The men behind him, sent from York, continued loading grain sacks into the cart. They rode around the edge of town and out into the fields again. Marion wished to stretch her legs a bit – it had been a long time since she had ridden for so long – and so they both dismounted and led their mounts. They walked in companionable silence for a spell before Robin deemed it safe to make small talk, eventually working up to asking her how she had come to Nottingham and to marry Sir Robert Loxley. \"I was an old maid when Robert courted me,\" she began her tale. \"I was a daughter of a respectable widow with a thimbleful of noble blood. We were wed, and then a week later he left to join a ship for France and the Holy Lands. And that was my married life,\" she concluded, a hint of bitterness or regret coloring her voice, Robin couldn't tell which. \"To a man I… hardly knew.\" They approached a small patch of grass, which Robin paused at to let his horse crop a few mouthfuls. Responding to the sadness in her voice, he tried to offer her comfort in form of praise of her late husband. \"A good knight.\" \"Short, but sweet,\" she responded wistfully. Robin looked down, embarrassed at her misunderstanding of his words and their implication. \"I mean – he was a good knight, a good knight-at-arms, a soldier,\" he corrected her gently. It didn't help. Marion was still mortified at her blunder and tried to cover her mistake, the double entendre dawning on her, by talking quickly. \"Oh! Yes, my knight-in-arms, even so. And I in his.\" She had to get away from him. She moved around to the far side of her horse and gathered herself, ready to vault onto her horse's back. She couldn't believe she had just made such a proper fool of herself! In her agitated state, she made her mount nervous, and the mare sidestepped away from her mistress uncertainly while Marion muttered to herself, berating herself for her foolishness. Seeing where this was going, Robin dropped the reins – his horse was well-trained to remain still – and went around to assist Marion. He grabbed the mare's reins with a steady hand, and the horse immediately calmed and stood still once again. He then bent down and linked his hands together, forming a cup for Marion to step into so he could lift her up to the horse's saddle. Surprised by this gentlemanly gesture, she set her foot in the cup of his hands and jumped as he lifted, settling herself on her mount. He looked up at her and then moved closer to the horse's side. He grabbed her foot and guided it gently into her stirrup. She looked down at him, uncertain where this sudden quiet generosity was coming from. Not liking the feeling of nervousness he was causing her to feel, she urged her horse forward quickly, not waiting for him to remount his own horse and leaving him to catch up. Marion heard the drumming beat of his horse's hooves on the earth behind her, and felt comfortable urging her horse even faster. She didn't want to look at him right now. She had not been in control of their exchange, and that was a worry. She was the Lady here, and this was her home. He was the outsider, the intruder. She could not let such a power shift happen again. They heard splashing coming from the trail up ahead. She knew there was a dangerous bog there, with an uncertain, quicksand-like shore and bottom. Hoping no one was in peril, she rode into the clearing and saw a small ram caught in the mire, and an old shepherd vainly trying to through a looped length of rope over its head from the safety of the bog's edge. Several people were gathered, watching, occasionally calling out unhelpful suggestions and even less helpful opinions and encouragements. Riding up, Marion quickly assessed the situation and swung off her horse. \"Stop! You'll break its neck,\" she said. One of the gathered serfs moved forward to hold her horse's reins for her. She quickly gathered her hair and tucked it down the back of her riding habit. She gathered up her skirts, took the short staff one of the other serfs offered her, and started walking carefully forward into the bog, using the staff to test the ground ahead of her for its firmness before trusting her weight to a new patch of ground. She kept her eyes mostly on the tricky ground, and listened for the ram's pitiful bleats to ensure she was heading in the right direction. Robin watched the scene unfolding incredulously. He admired her for jumping right in to help her people out, and not being afraid of getting dirty, but he had worked as a shepherd often enough as a young boy to know this would never work. \"Marion,\" he said. She didn't hear him and kept trying to make forward progress. He shook his head and got off his horse. He nodded to the serf who moved forward to hold the reins, and made quick work of the lacings holding his fine overcoat together. He pulled the garment off and slung it across his saddle, where it would stay clean. From the bog he heard a surprised gasp and a rather loud splash. Sure enough, Marion had lost her footing and fallen into the bog. \"I'm alright,\" she assured her audience, raising one hand in the air to try to regain her balance and wave away their concern for her. Well, this was an embarrassing situation if she'd ever been in one. She tried to stand back up, but the quicksand-like bottom had caught her. \"I can't move me legs,\" she muttered to herself. Well, shit. Now someone was going to have to rescue her as well as the ram. Shit. \"I can't move me legs,\" she said louder, turning back to shore. She saw Robin had taken off her husband's overcoat and was settling the looped end of the shepherd's rope crosswise over one shoulder. He was coming for her! \"Thank you,\" she said, smiling at Robin as he entered the bog water. Robin glanced at Marion and deemed her safe enough for the meantime. As for the small ram, who knew how long it had been trapped in the mucky water. Robin moved purposefully past where Marion was stuck fast, making straight for the ram. \"My Lord?\" she asked, puzzled. She was right here. It became quite apparent that he was going for the ram first. With a few purposeful, strong strides against the muddy bottom, Robin reached the ram. He grasped its horn and pulled it gently forward, just enough that he could get both his arms around the pitiful creature. When it felt its legs come free, it tried to kick out, to struggle to complete freedom. Marion ducked out of the way of the muddy water that was sent flying. Robin pivoted with the ram cradled against his chest and saw that the bank was firm right behind them. With one big effort, he lurched forward, allowing the ram to land on its feet, and trusting its shepherd would oversee its care from then on. He turned back to his 'wife.' \"Oh, is it my turn now?\" she asked sarcastically. She was some damsel in distress, Robin thought to himself. He glanced at her eyes, asking her silent permission to touch her, to pick her up. She nodded slightly, and he bent down in the water, his right arm going across her shoulder blades, his left arm reaching for the backs of her knees. She put her arms around him as he found her legs and he lifted. Her boots made a horrible squelching noise as the mud was forced to release her by the strength in Robin's arms as he lifted. Free of the clinging mud, Robin turned to deposit her on the same patch of firm bank he had set the ram on a minute ago. Marion was much bigger than the ram, and they were awkward, but she managed to roll onto her stomach on the firm ground. She turned and gave her rescuer a curt, if heartfelt, \"Thank you.\" Marion stood up to give Robin room to also clamber out of the murky water and was immediately confronted with the sight of the last person she wanted to see on any given day – the Sheriff of Nottingham, in all his smarmy glory. Even now, his gaze was directed at her lower half, and she hastened to pull the wet material of her skirts away from her legs and cover them completely. \"Nicely done, sir,\" the Sheriff chortled from the back of his horse. Robin was still finding his footing behind Marion. \"To see Lady Marion Loxley's legs… beyond my wildest hopes this morning.\" Marion heard Robin slog up next to her in his own wet, clinging clothes, heard him trying to shake the material away from his skin, but she refused to take her eyes off the snake that was their Sheriff. The Sheriff laughed at his own wit and Marion simply blinked rapidly, unable to fathom how he could sit there and watch the two of them struggle to help those in need, while he simply sat there on his fine black steed, cracking inappropriate jokes at the Lady of the manor's expense and being generally a lazy pain in everyone's ass. A sudden thought occurred to Marion and she grinned, reaching out for Robin's arm as he made to walk past her, presumably back to his horse. She grabbed his arm and held tight, as if they were the perfect, happily married couple. \"I don't believe you know my husband\" – Robin glanced wildly at her at that bold claim – \"Sir Robert,\" she continued unfazed, staring the Sheriff down. She could see it in his eyes – he remembered their exchange in the field, where she had threatened to tell her husband of the liberties he had taken with her and the threats he'd made against her. \"Allow me to introduce the Sheriff of Nottingham.\" The grip Marion had on his arm was almost painful. He could tell, from the malice in her voice and his own observations of the man's character, that he was an unpleasant sort of man, this Sheriff. Robin decided to take an immediate dislike to the man. \"Welcome home, Sir Robert,\" the Sheriff said formally, nodding to him. Robin walked forward, Marion still clinging to his arm. The Sheriff's next words brought him up short. \"You make your mark quickly by rescuing the King's ram from drowning.\" They had reached Robin's horse and Marion let go of her 'husband.' \"What's this?\" she asked, confused. That ram belonged to its shepherd, not the King. \"Well, it's mine in coin. I have the right to take in goods or livestock,\" the Sheriff explained. Marion saw red but Robin spoke up before she could respond. \"If it's God's will,\" he said calmly. He wiped his hands together to get some of the muck and sand off, then turned to his saddle bag and extracted a coin, which he flipped off his thumb to the rude man. \"Here's a ram's worth of tax for the Exchequer. Your insolence to Lady Marion,\" Robin paused, making sure he had the Sheriff's full attention, \"I'll consider a debt between us,\" he growled. The Sheriff could only stare down at the odd-looking couple, dumbfounded. Sir Robert's arm had gone around his wife to escort her to her mount. As a parting shot, Marion glanced up at the Sheriff and smirked. Oh, was she pleased with the way Robin had risen to the challenge and spoken to the horrid Sheriff. She couldn't have coached him to say anything better, even if she had a week to come up with the words. Yes, she was mighty, mighty pleased indeed. There was nothing for it – their saddles were going to get bog water and sand all over them. They were simply too far from Peper Harow to walk, especially with the very real threat of chafing from their wet clothes. Robin once again knelt down to boost her to her saddle before mounting his own steed. This time, she waited for him and they rode back to the keep at a weary walk together. As they rode, she glanced over at Robin. He was covered in muck and sand, ruining his good new clothes, he had had to rescue her, and the ram, and face the awful Sheriff, and he had done all of it with grace, manners, and a sharp wit. \"Thank you, for back there,\" Marion said. Robin glanced over and gave Marion a tired smile. \"So that's our esteemed Sheriff,\" he mused. \"He is a vile man,\" Marion spat. \"He is small and petty and incompetent, yet power-hungry. And, unfortunately, he plays by the rules of the right corrupt politicians, who give him the power he seeks, though many are better-suited to the position.\" \"I'm sorry for the comments he made at your expense.\" \"Don't be ridiculous! You have nothing to apologize for! His lowbrow comments only prove his own repulsive character.\" \"In truth,\" Robin agreed. He glanced over at her and they shared a smile at the utter ridiculousness they were riding away from. Marion shook her head and laughed outright. Aye, she hated the vile Sheriff, but she and Robin had certainly given him something to think about, the next time he tried to mess with them! She had a wonderful laugh, Robin thought, and he allowed himself to chuckle. He was thoroughly worn out by their morning's grand adventure… and misadventure. But it had been extremely informational for him. He had learned a lot not just about his Lady and his new home, but about the relationships and inner workings that ran Nottingham, and he was fascinated. In fact, several plans were already starting to take root in his mind, plans that concerned not only how he would settle that debt with the Sheriff, but also how to fix the problem of the stolen seed grain… which would in turn resolve the issue of Tuck and his bees… and would put his lazy excuse for men to work… Another chapter down! Thanks for continuing to read (and, hopefully, continuing to leave your comments and reviews - I do read all of them!).[Chapter 4] Author's Note : Hey hey hey! Thanks for keeping up with the story! I also am quite proud of this chapter. I love Robin and the boys being boys - plus, we get to find out how they got their nickname! Also, Robin's and Marion's relationship takes a significant turn for the fluffier, so, enjoy! That evening after supper, Robin slipped away to the church. As he approached the squat building, he noticed the ample figure of the friar moving about inside, which was lit by candles. Robin remembered the water trough from that morning and paused. Ah, yes, there was a bucket. He picked it up and filled it, then entered the church. Friar Tuck was taste testing his latest batch of brew. Robin set his bucket of ice cold water down on a nearby stool. \"Mead and grain alcohol?\" Tuck asked, offering Robin a cup of his own to sample. Robin accepted the cup. \"I thought as much.\" He and the friar tipped their small wooden cups to each other in salute and drank. \"There's something that we need to do,\" Robin said, studying his empty cup. His eyes met Tuck's over the rim of the cup. \"At your service,\" Tuck replied. They tipped their cups once more and threw back the last dregs. Both men set their cups down on the table where Tuck had set up his brewing apparatus. Robin moved to pick up the bucket he had set down earlier. Tuck watched, curious as to what the other man was going to do. With a happy grin, Robin picked up the bucket by the handle, grabbed the bottom of it as well, and unceremoniously tossed the icy water onto the sleeping forms of his three best friends. They came awake with shouts, sitting up and complaining loudly. \"All right, lads, should've left while you had the chance,\" Robin said easily, setting the now-empty bucket down. \"Something's afoot. Off we go.\" He yanked the church door open and headed out into the night, Tuck following right behind him, laughing quietly to himself. Behind him, the boys groaned and got up. They supposed they had earned that one, for this morning. Outside, Robin was putting on a hood he had found in the chest of Robert's clothes that Marion had showed him that afternoon. It was perfect for what he wanted – the hood was deep and cast his face completely in shadow, and it was short enough that it left his arms free to maneuver his bow and reach the arrows in his quiver, which he had already slung over his back. \"How do I look, lads?\" he asked, his costume complete. \"Like the thief you are,\" Little John said, studying him. \"Like… like a spook,\" Will added, shivering slightly. \"Aye… Robin of the Hood, the most fearsome thief to ever prowl the streets of Nottingham,\" Allan began composing a new story to tell there on the spot. \"Enough. Come on now. We don't want to miss the grain,\" Robin said. He set off down the lane leading out of town toward York. \"Grab your gear,\" he tossed over his shoulder. Tuck and the lads armed themselves quickly and ran after him. It was just like their escape from France through the woods, only they were on English soil now and it was pitch black outside. Robin set a quick pace so as to catch up to the two grain carts that had left earlier that evening. As they jogged, Tuck huffing along with them as best he could, he explained his plan. They caught up to the wagon easily, as it wasn't moving with any sense of haste. After all, no one in his right mind would rob from wagons of the Church, and even if someone tried, there were several mounted knights riding along as guards. Robin counted nine men accompanying the train: two drivers per cart, two in back of each cart, and the friar who had been overseeing the loading that morning, once again swigging from a wooden mug, who sat on the driver's bench of the first wagon. Robin nodded silently, indicating to the men that they should get going. They needed to be ahead of the train in order to set their ambush. Ten minutes of jogging brought them to the perfect spot. It was just past a bend in the trail, so the wagons wouldn't see them until the last minute. There were also some very stout, low hanging tree branches over the trail that Little John could hide in. He was, surprisingly, the best of them at climbing trees, his size hiding the fact he was actually extremely agile. Tuck, armed with a crossbow in each hand, and Will and Allan, with their bows at the ready, hid to either side of the trail in the low brush, making sure to stay perfectly still. Robin strung his bow and took out two arrows, one nocked and the other in his hand, rapid-fire-ready in case the guards hired to accompany the wagons made any foolish moves. He pulled the hood over his face, crouched down in the middle of the path, and set in to wait. They didn't have to wait long. The wagons arrived in a chorus of jangling harness, heavy hoofs beating the solid earth, and the creaking of the wagons. One of the horses whinnied. \"Stop! Stop the horses!\" the first driver called, pulling up his team. The overseer stood up. \"You there! Move aside!\" he yelled impatiently. \"We're on Church business!\" Robin stayed still. \"None shall pass – unless they can answer the riddle,\" he replied. The overseer tried to play Robin off to his underlings. \"Moon mad,\" he called to them, laughing for their benefit and to make himself feel a little braver. The moon was throwing spooky shadows across the hooded figure crouched down in the path. \"And what is 'the riddle,' ya insolent wretch?\" Robin smiled to himself in his deep cowl. \"What has eighteen legs and isn't going anywhere?\" he called back. He heard two mounted men move towards him. When he judged they were just ten feet away, he stood and spun around, pulling the arrow on his bowstring back as he did in one fluid motion. \"Your next move will be your last,\" he growled, pitching his voice as low and menacing as possible. Robin kept his arrow ready and glanced behind the two mounted guards. At Robin's silent signal, Will leapt from his hiding place at the side of the road into the second wagon. \"Evenin', friend!\" he said cheerfully, training his own ready arrow on the driver. At Will's movement, Allan followed suit, making himself and his arrow a presence in the first wagon, backing up Robin. Tuck, seeing the other two move, stepped out from behind the tree he'd been hiding behind, a loaded crossbow in each hand. He smiled, keeping one crossbow trained on the second driver and the other trained on the back of the first. \"I demand to know who you are!\" the overseer said angrily. He still had not sat down on the first wagon's bench. Robin thought he saw the man actually stamp his foot like a petulant child. \"We are Men of the Hood,\" Robin replied easily, remembering Allan's name for him from earlier. \"Merry now at your expense.\" Little John, his knees gripping the stout branch he had found, lowered himself so he was hanging from the branch by his knees. He whistled and tapped the two men on the bench of the second wagon, which had parked so perfectly beneath him. The men, startled, turned, and Little John punched each man out with little effort. He then swung down and took up the reins of the horses and waited for Robin's nod that they were to head back to town. The guards didn't know how many other marauders were still hiding. They weren't paid enough to deal with spooks in the woods at night anyway. They threw down their swords and dismounted their horses. Robin jerked his head at Allan, who pulled out a rope he had found in the bottom of the first wagon. He quickly set to work tying all nine men together in a huge cluster. Robin took over the reins of the first wagon and Little John had the second with Will beside him. They maneuvered the carts so they faced back towards Nottingham. Glancing around to see that all his men were with him, Robin slapped the reins against the team's hindquarters and they set out, headed back to town. Behind him, he heard one of the tied-up men ask, \"How much further?\" Another responded, \"About eleven miles.\" Robin smiled to himself. Let them consider this lesson the next time they tried to steal grain in the name of the Church from its rightful owners. \" 'The Lord taketh…',\" Tuck said, handing Robin the mug he had relieved the overseer of. \"And we shall giveth back,\" Robin finished, accepting the mug and taking a swig. All in a night's work, as they said. \"My advice is to plant it now, by moonlight,\" Tuck said thoughtfully. \"And why is that, good friar?\" Robin asked, passing the mug back to Tuck, who accepted it. \"When it sprouts, I can claim it as a miracle from God,\" Tuck explained. \"The Church in York would never deny a miracle.\" He tipped the mug back. Robin laughed. Oh, yes, he liked this friar very much. He may not appear like much, but he was as clever as they came. They drove all the way back to Nottingham, making better time than when they had headed out with the help of the horses and wagons. They spent the time planning how they would get two wagonloads of seed planted in a single night and passing the mug back and forth. Eventually, they decided that while Robin, Will, Allan, and John began planting, Tuck would go around to all the serfs' houses and rouse the people to help. They arrived in Nottingham about two or three hours before dawn, Robin estimated. He pulled up his wagon right there by the first field, Little John stopping his wagon right behind. They set to work pulling out the sacks of seed grain and, each with a sack in hand, headed toward the dark, tilled soil while Tuck made good on his part of the plan. As the men worked, they were quickly joined by growing ranks of peasants, at first angry to have been pulled from their precious sleep, but then enthusiastically joining in the planting as they realized they had been saved from starvation and hardship later on. With all of Nottingham out to help them, the planting moved along quickly. Tuck even joined in, grabbing a sack and joining the ranks, as the last of the peasants were roused and put to work. Robin was finishing his last couple of rows when the heavens opened and it began to rain. He paused momentarily in the monotonous work of planting to look about him. He saw an entire town coming together to save each other, working together for the greater good, putting aside whatever petty squabbles they were currently involved in with neighbors to get this all-important work of planting the fields accomplished. He felt… at peace, like he had accomplished something, like he was a leader, even as the rain quickly grew from drizzling to driving down. Robin set back to work. It may have been a beautiful scene, but it was raining and he was getting soaking wet – for the second time that day, in fact, and he didn't fancy sticking around longer than necessary. With the serfs' help, the fields were completely planted and Robin was heading back to Peper Harow as the sky began to lighten in the pre-dawn. He stopped in the antechamber to remove his wet boots, then walked barefooted into the great hall. He didn't want to wake Marion, so he stirred up the embers in the hearth downstairs and fed the fire more wood. He pulled one of the benches over from the table and set his wet things out on it in front of the flames so they would dry while he caught at least a couple hours' sleep. Those tasks taken care of and the fire now crackling easily, he lay down there on the flagstones and promptly fell asleep. Marion tossed and turned, unable to stay asleep once the downpour had wakened her. She wondered if Robin was having the same problem. She sat up in her bed and stared at the wall of curtains. In her foggy brain, she realized something was wrong. The curtains were open! She glanced at the floor. Robin was missing? She got up and put on her robe. It was chilly in her room. She padded over on silent feet, across the cold floor to the little curtained off section of her room that was now Robin's. Nope, he wasn't there. Where could he have gone? For a moment, the thought that he had robbed her and Walter blind and run off in the night flitted through her head, but she banished that thought immediately. She had only known him for a day and a half, but even still, she knew Robin would never do such a thing. And besides, she remembered, Robin was really after the knowledge Walter claimed to have about him. He wouldn't leave without getting his questions answered. So where was he, in the middle of the night, in the pouring rain? Marion pulled her robe even closer about her shoulders and headed down to the great hall. The sky was barely beginning to lighten outside, though it was hard to tell, with the clouds hanging low over the fields. She padded downstairs and paused. The fire was going. She knew she had ordered Stephen to double-check that it had been put out before he went to bed – the last thing they needed was the hall to burn down around them. She walked over – and almost tripped over the body stretched out on the floor in front of the hearth. It was Robin. But why in Heaven's name was he down here, instead of in her room? Had her threat to sever his manhood been more frightening than she had thought? Did he want to spend less time around her after she had spent their morning ride telling him what to do, and making him rescue her from bog water? She glanced around and saw his clothes laid out on a bench. They were steaming. Had Robin been outside? Had he left and come back? She sat heavily in Robert's chair that sat always in front of the hearth, which had been his favorite place to sit and relax after a long day's hunt, or dealing with problems of running a large estate. From her chair she studied the man sleeping soundly on the floor at her feet. He was so full of mysteries. Not only as to his whereabouts this night, but his character. She thought back to the incident at the bog, rescuing the ram, and then their confrontation with the Sheriff. Even when he wasn't sure what was going on, he always seemed to do his best. He had really risen to the occasion on that one, going along with whatever she said as she switched from keeping herself aloof from him to clinging to his arm, calling him Sir Robert, enthusiastically playing the part of loving wife. He'd smoothly transitioned into the role of doting husband easily, without giving their act away at all. \"Your insolence to Lady Marion I'll consider a debt between us.\" Had he meant those words, truly, or had he been playing his part in their farce? She glanced at his face, so handsome when he was unworried, in sleep. She hoped he had meant them, that he cared about her. She'd been alone for most of her life, relied upon by others to be strong, independent, in charge all the time. She could certainly do those things. But there were times, she wished she could share the burden with another, a partner, an equal… Robin blinked rapidly. He felt watched. He looked over and saw Marion sitting in the chair he had occupied his first night at Peper Harow. Her hair was sleep-mussed and she was wrapped up tight in a shawl. The light of the fire highlighted the worry lines around her mouth. \"I thought you'd… left,\" she mumbled a quick excuse as to why she was watching him sleep. Robin rubbed his hand over his still-tired eyes. \"The fields have been planted.\" It wasn't the best explanation of why he was sleeping on the floor of the great hall, but his brain was still waking up. He saw Marion's gaze turn from questioning to wonder. \"I didn't want to wake you.\" There, that was a better explanation for their current positions. \"How did you find the seed?\" Marion asked, hardly daring to hope, to believe. Robin half-smiled. \"If you have to ask, it's not a gift,\" he said, his voice still rough and scratchy from sleep. Marion stared at him for a moment, speechless. She blinked. \"Thank you,\" she breathed. It was the best gift she had ever received from anyone. It was so much what she wanted, more than jewels or fine clothes or perfumes or anything… and it had come from this man, this stranger, whom she had known for less than two days. She knew – right then, she knew – that this man had captured her heart like no other had. Not even Robert had so perfectly understood her and shared the same goals and views as she. Marion could see Robin shivering slightly. She hoped he wouldn't catch a cold after his night in the fields in the rain. She stood up and bent down to pull the blanket that had fallen down to his middle back up to his chin. She lingered for a moment, crouched down at his side, her hands still smoothing the blanket over his shoulder. His eyes found hers and she met his gaze determinedly. She wasn't going to play games with this man. She let him look into her eyes and see her sincere appreciation, and admiration for him. Robin watched her walk away. He knew, after that look, that their relationship had just changed somehow… profoundly changed. He had known she would like his gift. What he had not counted on was just how strong her reaction to him and his actions would be. He saw her pause at the bottom of the steps and almost turn back to him. He hoped she would turn back, would invite him to go with her… but she faced back to the steps and ascended them alone. He was a patient man, after all. He had seen in her eyes her thanks, and had seen, perhaps unintentionally on her part, that she was softening toward him in her attitude. He could be patient. One day, she would soften to him – in her heart. Now we're getting down to the serious business of romance! Love it - and love getting to read comments and reviews. Keep those coming! Thanks![Chapter 5] Author's Note : Still here? Good! Glad you're enjoying the story! In this chapter, we get to meet the ever-wonderful runaways of Sherwood, whose relationship with Robin and Marion was massively fun to write and which I just adore. I'm thinking about creating another story (or series, or one-shots, or whatever) that follow the interactions of the boys and our favorite couple, so if you would like to see more of that, or have ideas, please leave a review/comment! Robin was woken another hour later by Walter's arrival in the great hall for breakfast. In fact, Walter almost tripped right over Robin on his way to the dining table. \"Who is that?\" Walter shouted after a string of blasphemies that rather impressed Robin. \"Good morning, Father,\" Robin said with a groan. \"Whatever are you doing on the floor of my hall, boy?\" Walter asked. \"Good morning, Walter,\" Marion announced, descending the stairs. \"Marion, why is your husband sleeping out here instead of in his bedchamber?\" Walter admonished. \"He was busy last night,\" Marion said, grinning at Robin. \"Busy? Doing what?\" Walter asked, growing frustrated by these non-answers he kept getting. \"Surprising me,\" Marion replied blithely. \"Husband, Walter – I'm off. I won't be back until supper. So long.\" \"Hm,\" Walter grumbled. He decided to let the young be young. He was hungry for his breakfast, and so he sat at his place and called to Martha to bring bread and cheese and fruit out. \"Are you off the floor yet, son?\" \"I'm here,\" Robin said. He was in fact making his way to his seat at the table and sat down. \"Are you going to tell me what I want to know yet?\" \"Today you must go hunting,\" Walter announced, ignoring Robin's question. \"You always did love to spend the day in Sherwood, supplying for our table.\" \"Yes, Father,\" Robin replied, grinning. Patience, patience… Robin decided to head to the forest alone, let the boys sleep in and enjoy the day after the hard night's work they'd done. He would stick to the paths, not go too far in – he'd be fine on his own. Besides, he was an archer. In the army, that meant he, as well as the other archers, were responsible for hunting for the cook while on the move and when they were camped. Hunting in unfamiliar woods was a familiar pastime for him and did not intimidate him at all. After breakfast, he went upstairs to put on fresh clothes. He chose natural colors, browns and greens, for his day of hunting. He said goodbye to Walter on his way out of Peper Harow and then went to the church, where he had left his bow and arrows the night before. It was a good thing, too – they escaped damage from the rain. Robin pushed the church door open and went inside. His men were sleeping on their pallets where he had found them last night. He smiled and when he spied the empty bucket, where he had left it on the bench. Tuck was nowhere in sight, so Robin simply drew on his quiver and settled it gently across his back, picked up his unstrung bow, and left. The church was right on the outskirts of town, so Robin decided to simply walk to the woods. When he got to the edge, he pulled out his bow and string and bent the bow around his knee, as he had learned, and hooked the string to each end. He pulled out two arrows and entered the greenwood. Inside the greenwood it was like an entirely different world. The sunlight was filtered through the canopy of leaves overhead, and came down to him on the forest floor a greenish hue. The dirt was a dark, rich brown, almost black. The wind blew occasionally, setting the trees creaking and groaning, sometimes causing weak branches, pine cones, or twigs to fall to the ground. Squirrels and chipmunks ran around, making the loudest racket of any forest creature, but Robin wasn't after squirrel. He'd had enough squirrel while foraging in France. Today he would hunt proper meat – pheasant, he hoped, or any other fowl he could find. He slowly sank his senses into the forest, tuning in to what was happening around him. His breathing slowed and deepened, his hearing stretched, and he became one with the forest, able to move almost entirely silently through the trees. He opened his eyes and moved cautiously forward, an arrow at the ready, the second arrow held in his bow hand, in case he missed with his first shot. He rarely needed it. A sudden sound spooked a mallard out of its hiding place. Robin instinctually swung his bow up, already drawing back, and fluidly released, hitting the bird in the heart and dropping it immediately. A quick, clean kill, as his mentor had taught him. He trudged over to where he had seen the bird fall to retrieve it. He paused to study a strange bit of construction in front of him. It looked like a strangely twisted branch that someone had strung up from another branch. He warily watched it swing from its string, twisting in the slight breeze. He looked around, hearing the noises of the forest. Did they sound different than they should? He couldn't tell. Shaking off the eerie feeling, he leaned his bow against the strange, twisted branch and leaned down to pick up his prize. As he straightened, he bumped into something behind him that started swinging and clunking together hollowly. He turned to study it. Someone had made some sort of strange talisman out of twine, bone, and hollowed out chunks of wood, which were making a strange whistling sound in the breeze. What manner of man would construct and hang such a thing out in the woods? It looked pagan and devilish and was decidedly creepy. He looked around and thought he saw a tall, dark, graceful figure walk by. \"Marion?\" he called out. There was no response and the figure was gone. He hastily tied the new bird to the string of others he'd collected so far and headed purposefully toward where he'd seen – or thought he'd seen – the tall, slim figure disappear. A small wild pig ran by, grunting and squealing quietly to itself. It was enough to make Robin pause and look cautiously around him again. He was quite aware of the stories that Sherwood was haunted. Allan himself had owned up to writing a few of them himself, so Robin knew the woods weren't really haunted. It was still wise to be careful. Robin pressed on, more slowly now. Out of nowhere, a masked figure, tall, slightly gangly, appeared and rushed him. The demonic-looking mask gaped at him and the figure behind it was making an awful racket of a battle cry, which sounded to Robin more like the squeal of the piglet earlier. Just as Robin ducked to block the blow from the figure's staff, he straightened and five more were there, swarming him, surrounding him, battering him from all sides with staffs and fists. So, at least they were human. He shoved the one clinging to him off and tried to run for it. They may have been smaller than him, but he was no match for what appeared now to be twenty shrieking devils. One caught up and grabbed at his quiver. He managed to throw the demon off but went flying himself into the undergrowth. He tried to scramble up and keep going but suddenly there were demons piled on top of him and then he felt pain flare in his head and then the world went black and silent. A few minutes later, or what he thought was a few minutes later, he blinked his eyes open. All he could see was a sturdy branch above him and he felt a sickening swaying motion. Whoever had captured him was clearly carrying him somewhere. For what purpose, he still did not know. He passed out again before he could throw up. He came to again and felt slightly better. Whoever had hit him had not done so overly hard. He saw the sun trying to shine through the thick foliage overhead and squinted, trying to turn his head to the side to get his bearings. If he could escape, he'd need to know which direction to run to get to safety. He heard eerie, ululating calls and saw many sets of scrawny, dirty, human legs and short, furry, pony legs around him. There was the smell of wood smoke and he could see very rough huts made of sticks and mud built haphazardly around. What strange sort of camp was this? For there was no doubt in his mind that that was where he was – some sort of camp. He'd been in enough of them over the last ten years to know one when he saw one, though this was by far the roughest and least organized setup he'd ever seen. He was carried to some central location and the ones carrying him set him down gently. At least they didn't seem to mean harm to him – yet. He rolled to his side and immediately felt the ropes that bound his wrists to the pole loosen. They may have overwhelmed him, but it was clear that they were not overly skilled captors. With only a few subtle movements, he had his wrists and even his ankles free. Rather than reveal that information, however, he kept still, letting the ropes lay draped across his joints, so that they appeared to be doing their purpose. He was curious, now, not afraid. He turned and spied a boy emerge from the largest hut, set against a tree trunk, wiping his hands on a cloth. The tall boy, clearly the leader of this rabble, pushed his way through the chanting, ululating crowd of boys. \"Go on, go on!\" he said, stepping into the circle of the huddle with Robin. The leader swaggered over to a log on the ground by Robin's head and sat, straddling the log with a lazy, entitled air. He kicked his dirty feet out in front of him, almost kicking Robin in the face, and turned to his gang of boys. \"Has he spoken yet?\" he asked, addressing no one in particular. \"He was spying, Loop,\" said one of the older boys in the crowd. Robin didn't know which boy had spoken, but could tell that he was trying to pitch his voice even lower, as the boy's voice cracked and deepened into manhood. \"Spying!\" a familiar voice said, shocked. Sure enough, the circle of boys parted reverently and there stood Marion in all her grace and majesty. Loop, the leader, even stood at her appearance in the crowd. She crossed her arms and made her way over to where Robin lay on the ground, her hips swaying saucily. \"Robert, I'm ashamed of you!\" Well didn't that just beat all. \"Hello, Marion,\" Robin drawled. \"I've come to save ye.\" Marion, arms still crossed, looked down on him and laughed. She opened her mouth to respond to him when Loop interrupted. \"Know him?\" \"Boys,\" she said, looking around at the circle surrounding them, still grinning hugely. \" This is Sir Robert Loxley – my… husband,\" she managed to finish without choking on her words. \"Sir Robert,\" she turned to Robin, \"the runaways of Sherwood.\" She uncrossed her arms and gestured to indicate the group of dirty boys. Robin's mind was racing. Marion stood still, her hands on her hips as she studied him, still apparently tied on the ground. Loop, their leader, glanced at Marion. \"Untie him,\" he ordered the boys. Robin looked over at Loop gratefully and started to get up. Before he'd even made it to his knees Marion interrupted. \"No, I don't think spies should be let off so easily,\" she announced, sitting on the opposite end of Loop's log, down by Robin's feet. Robin settled back onto his side. His shifting had at least moved the ropes to quite a favorable position. He glared over at Marion. \"That was unkind.\" The sassy wench. \"You were a Crusader?\" Loop asked, leaning forward intently. Robin leaned back on his elbow to look at Loop again. \"Yes,\" he admitted. \"Did you hear that boys?\" Loop said, letting his gaze sweep his assembly. He continued even louder, \"You bested a Crusader!\" A rumble of mumbled words and laughter buzzed through the crowd. Loop turned back to his prisoner. \"My men are good fighters,\" he said, trying to show off for this Crusader he had captured. Loop wanted nothing more than to maintain his leadership over his large group, and be seen as a man, no longer a boy. Robin eased the pole into his hands. \"I don't know about that,\" he said. \"I think the weight of numbers might have been in their favor.\" He had to save some face here, after all. He glanced around from his place on the ground. \"But they do move silently like the creatures of the forest.\" He had to give credit where it was due. He focused back on Loop. \"But that's only a skill if you stay as a man. You don't become the creatures you hunt.\" Loop leaned forward, listening intently. \"We're soldiers,\" he said defensively. He recognized the truth in what the Crusader said, but wasn't ready to admit that he had made any mistakes. \"No you're not,\" Robin said. He was disgusted that these boys would want to be soldiers. But he reminded himself that they had not seen the ten years of war that he had. They had no idea of the reality of war – only stories spun by poets and bards at firesides, who sang only of the glory to be had in battle, and none of the fear, stink, and monstrosity of real combat. \"Soldiers fight for a cause. What's yours?\" Out of the corner of his eye, Robin saw Marion studying him thoughtfully as he spoke to these boys, who were so obviously desperate for a hero, a role model to look up to. In a snap, Robin decided he would fill that role, if they would let down their guards enough to let him teach them. \"You don't have one. That makes you poachers!\" he said, loud enough for the whole group to hear him clearly. \"And common thieves!\" The boys were angrily pushing in on him. \"With a lot to learn!\" \"Like what?\" Loop demanded. And there it was, the opportunity Robin had been waiting for. He slightly adjusted his grip on the pole. \"I could teach you… how to tie knots!\" he yelled, launching the pole at Loop, who caught it but was knocked off the log. Robin became a whirl of motion, rising from the ground in the second of stunned silence that followed his sudden action. He spun around, grabbing a stout staff out of the hands of a boy behind him. \"I could teach you which wood to get to make your bows stronger,\" he said, whirling the makeshift quarterstaff and snapping another boy's rough-hewn bow in half. \"I could teach you how to make arrows that fly more than twenty feet.\" He whirled his miniature weapon in a move that Robin knew did nothing but would look highly skilled and impressive to the uneducated boys around him. \"And I can help Marion teach ye how to stay clean,\" he said, stabbing the ground with enough force that the quarterstaff would stand up on its own. \"So you won't get sick.\" He held out both hands to Loop, who was watching his performance from where he'd fallen with the pole on the ground. Out of the corner of his eye, Robin saw Marion watching the proceedings with an avid interest, a dirty, scrawny boy on her lap, and Robin passingly thought how good she looked surrounded by children. He quickly returned his attention to Loop, who had refused to accept his help to stand. Robin grabbed him by his tunic under his arms and hauled him to his feet. \"I don't know who you're fighting, son, but it's not me,\" he said quietly, for Loop's ears only. \"I'm not your enemy.\" Loop stood there, and Robin knew he'd effectively taken all the control and admiration the boys held for Loop away from him, and that if he didn't tread carefully now, Loop would hate him forever and he would not be able to help these boys. He waited for Loop to look him in the eye. Loop reluctantly raised his gaze to meet the Crusader's. \"If you want to chat, you know where to find me,\" Robin told him in a soft undertone. He held out his hand, as he would to an equal – as he would to another man. Loop hesitated only for the briefest of seconds before clasping Robin's hand and pumping it up and down. It was a start, Robin thought to himself, not at all displeased with the start he had made. It would take time to earn the boys' trust completely, but he was patient. In time, the boys would not be able to resist the allure of a war hero, Robin knew. He released Loop's hand and walked over to the tallest boy in the group, who was holding his bow and quiver, and as he moved, the boys stepped back in awe. He snatched his possessions back from the boy who was holding them. The boy next to him held the string of birds Robin had caught. He snatched those back too. The audacity of these rascals! He paused and took a last good look around and spied Marion, still sitting with the boy on her lap. \"Wife,\" he called, jerking his head to indicate she should follow him, and set out of the camp with purposeful strides, not waiting to see if she would catch up with him. He could barely control the grin on his face. This morning had turned out even more productive than he had thought. He'd set out to hunt for their table, and he had done that, but even more, he had found out the nest of the run-off village boys. He suddenly remembered the woman from the village yesterday. \"Will you find my Jamie? Tell him to come home?\" she had pleaded. He had been uncertain what she was asking him to do until Marion had explained. Now, unintentionally, he was doing exactly what the woman had begged of him. He let himself grin. He hadn't told the boys outright that they go home immediately, but the ideas he had planted in their heads were stronger, and required some time to take root and grow. But when the boys admitted to themselves they really did need help, and they were ready to be boys again instead of playing at soldiers in the woods, well. They would be choosing to come home and stay with their families, and that would keep the boys at home more strongly than any command Robin could give them, because they were making the choice for themselves. It didn't look to them like Robin was ordering them around. Oh, he knew what choice they would eventually make – that performance in the woods had not been for nothing, he had completely captured their fascination – but it would feel to them like he was giving them a choice, and giving them a say in their futures, and he knew that was all they sought. He couldn't even fault them for acting the way they had. These were uncertain and desperate times, and from what he had seen of leaders – both good and bad – on various battlefields, Robin knew that the best leaders allowed their followers to think for themselves and make choices. Men who chose to follow their leader were more loyal than those ordered to follow, and that, Robin thought, was a lesson not only the village boys could learn, but some others in England he could name. Ah, love my runaways of Sherwood... and the way I was able to allow Robin to connect his experience with the boys to his experience as a follower of King Richard. Anyway, like I said in my A/N at the beginning, exploring the relationship between Marion, Robin, and the boys is a project I might undertake, so if you support that undertaking, let me know, and if you have ideas for me to incorporate, let me know - I'll write the ones I feel I can do justice to, and always give the credit for the idea to whom it is owed. Keep those reviews and comments coming![Chapter 6] Author's Note : Helloooooo! Buckle your seatbelts, readers, we got us another long one here. A quick little heads-up: this chapter gets emotionally heavy for Robin, so, hey, that's coming. But, we also get to par-tay, so there's that. Something new this chapter: there will be a section break that looks like this [ *** ] across the middle of the page. I use this to indicate a shift in scene or in point of view. In this chapter, it's a scene shift. I'll try to put in my A/N of each chapter what it should be, but its purpose should be pretty clear as you read. Also new this chapter - an OC! Her name is Hilda and she's the Cook. Just pointing her out because she's mine completely, and especially should not be plagiarized, and she's not canon. I mean, I'm sure Peper Harow had a cook, but it's never stated, and so I took artistic license with Hilda. Enough announcements! On with the chapter! The week had been so packed with activity, Robin couldn't help but marvel. So much more went into running a big estate like this than he had ever imagined. He was either hunting, settling peasants' squabbles, helping oversee the fields, assisting at odd jobs around the place, mending tack with the stable master, and, yes, checking in with the village boys with Marian every couple of days, helping her administer medicine and make sure no one was too hungry. At the end of each day, he sat down with Marion and Walter for supper. It took him a couple of days to get used to being served, but he eventually learned to nod or mutter his thanks and quickly rejoin the conversation. Walter was still playing games with him, refusing to give up any information he knew about Robin's past. Robin bit the inside of his cheek and continued playing the role of Robert returned. Patience, patience… \"We must have a proper celebration for the return of my son,\" Walter announced at supper on Friday night. \"We rang the church bells,\" Marion pointed out, taking a sip from her goblet. \"I mean a real celebration,\" Walter grumbled. \"We need a bonfire.\" \"That would take up a lot of supplies,\" Marion said evenly. She wasn't outright against such a party, but she had to keep the welfare of the people in mind always. \"Well, with the crops starting to sprout, it looks like we will survive the winter just fine, will we not?\" Walter countered. There was a sparkle in his blind old eyes that made Robin think the old man might just suspect why the 'barren' fields were suddenly sprouting. Marion merely dipped her fingers delicately in the wash bowl on the table. \"Very well, Walter. I'll start making preparations with Cook. If you'll excuse me,\" she said, standing. Robin stood up at the same time. She glanced at him wonderingly, nodded to acknowledge his thoughtful manners, and left, calling out Cook's name. Robin sat back down. \"And what say you to my idea, my son, hm?\" Walter asked. Robin shook his head slightly. The old man always insisted on calling him 'my son' or 'Robert,' even when no one else was around. It was almost as if he was trying to make up for something. \"I say: I haven't been to such a party in a long, long time,\" Robin said. \"Hear, hear,\" Walter raised his goblet to Robin, who tipped his own goblet against the proffered one and they both drank. \"This calls for more wine. Pour me some, son, quick while Marion isn't looking. The lass doesn't think I know she waters my wine!\" Robin laughed outright and did as requested. He couldn't wait for the party to start. Marion found Cook in the kitchen behind the hall. It was detached from the main building in case a fire broke out. \"Cook,\" Marion said from the doorway. \"Come in, child, come in!\" Cook said. Cook, Christian name Hilda, was just past middle aged. She was a war widow, like many of the women in town, and was raising two daughters, who helped her in the kitchen with food preparation. Cook was one of the first people to really accept Marion and her role as leader of the household when she had first come to Peper Harow, and Marion looked to her like a second mother. \"What can I do for you? Is everything alright at the table?\" \"Yes, everything was wonderful, as always,\" Marion assured her. She entered the kitchen proper and sat on one of the stools at the large central counter that dominated the kitchen space. \"I wanted to discuss plans with you. Walter wants to hold a bonfire tomorrow night.\" \"A bonfire! Oh, bless me, but we haven't had such a gathering in ages!\" Hilda said. She sat down next to Marion, the better to talk and also ease her weary feet. \"Indeed,\" Marion agreed. \"But, I think, it is time we celebrated. Everything is so bleak, but we have much to celebrate. We should, while we are able.\" \"Yes, yes! The return of our Lord, Sir Robert, of course, and the crops are beginning to sprout… taxes will be due soon, which is always a worry, of course, but I think we'll actually be able to meet them this year!\" Hilda gushed. She let out a happy sigh. \"It will be nice to have such a party. What should we serve, then, do you think?\" Marion and Hilda planned for a roast pig as the grand centerpiece of the feast. They also made plans for many different sorts of sweet and savory pies, breads, vegetables, and other foods that would be easy to eat with the hands, while standing outside. \"We'll have to send the men out hunting first thing in the morning, of course, to get all the meat we'll need in time for it to cook for evening,\" Hilda said, biting her lip. \"Sir Robert and his friends will have no problems, I'm sure,\" Marion assured the cook. \"They'll bring back everything we need, and probably more.\" \"Hm, yes, Sir Robert has done a fine job bringing in meat for me. Why, just today, he brought in a dozen more quail for me!\" \"He has settled in quite naturally to the rhythm of things here,\" Marion mused, thinking back especially to earlier in the week and the incidents with the Sheriff and the village boys, and the way he planted the fields for her. \"That he has. If I may be so bold, my lady, how are you two… getting on? I know what it's like to lose a husband, but not what it's like to have him come back after so many years away.\" \"Oh,\" Marion said, unsure how to respond. \"Things are, hm, going just fine, I dare say.\" \"You are one of the lucky ones, that's for sure. God is surely looking after the two of you, He is,\" Hilda said, either not noticing or overlooking Marion's stumble. \"I prayed for him every day he was gone that he would come back safely to us, him and my Jack and all our other men, too.\" \"That was very kind of you, Hilda,\" Marion said, touched by the older woman's generosity. \"Ach, the least I could do, stuck here as we are,\" Hilda replied. \"Now, if you'll excuse me, my lady, I'd best be finding my bed. There will be work aplenty tomorrow, and a lot of people to impress with my cooking!\" \"Of course, Hilda,\" Marion said, standing and pushing her stool up close under the table. \"I'll come by after breakfast to help.\" \"Now don't you worry your pretty head, dear, I'll have this kitchen running bright and earlier, tighter than a navy ship! Good night,\" Hilda said. She, too, pushed her chair under the table and took her leave. Marion returned to the great hall. Walter had already gone to his chamber for the evening, but Robin was still there, seated in Robert's chair. He was gazing at the fire and idly fondling the ears of her favorite wolfhound. The dog turned at her entrance and gave a soft whine. At the sound Robin turned to watch her approach him. \"Are we set for tomorrow then?\" he asked softly. \"We will be, if you and your lads can get us a brace of rabbits by noon,\" Marion replied. She reached down to pet her dog. \"We'll have them by midmorning to the Cook,\" Robin promised. He turned his gaze back to the flames that were starting to die down in the grate. Marion straightened up. \"Very good, then.\" She turned, then paused and turned back towards Robin. \"Do you…\" she trailed off. \"Do I what?\" Robin asked, looking up at her. \"Are you… settled… in… here,\" Marion said, struggling to express what she wanted to ask. \"What are you asking me, Marion?\" Robin asked. It was uncanny, she thought, the way he could see right through her sometimes. He knew that wasn't exactly what she was asking. However, she didn't think she was ready to ask him what was really going through her head. \"Good night, my dear,\" she said. She quickly turned on her heel and headed purposefully for the stairs, hiking up her skirts and going up to her bedchamber. She whistled for the dogs, which happily left their places on the flagstones to join her in a pack. Robin watched her go and smiled slightly to himself. Ah, yes, he thought. She was getting closer and closer every day to the words he truly wanted to hear. As the days had passed, she had more easily and more often included him in the conversation at suppers, had invited him to go with her to visit the greenwood or to go riding to check on the serfs in the fields. Yes, she was softening in her attitude towards him. Her heart, though… that still remained to be seen. Robin lingered in the great hall another good ten minutes before following Marion's steps. He wanted to give her plenty of time to finish any private business she needed to take care of before he entered the room. Of course, he always knocked and gained her permission before entering. He was under no false impressions – this was her bedchamber, not theirs. He was a guest, still, an intruder into her personal life. He would take all the time necessary to show her he was worth letting in, not only through the bedchamber door, but also into her life. Robin was filling two mugs of mead when he saw Little John, easily head and shoulders above the rest of the crowd, walk by with another barrel of the stuff. Little John turned and shouted over his shoulder, \"Come, Allan! I'll get them drinking. You get them dancing!\" Robin lingered off to the side of the drinks tables and watched Allan scamper to the musicians' ensemble with his lute in hand. Will Scarlet joined him, and they struck up a happy foot-stomper, as Will would have described it, that did indeed get the people dancing. Robin smiled and made his way through the happy, dancing crowd. Over to his left was a large bonfire, and a roast pig was stuck on a spit over it, being carefully, evenly turned by a number of maids from Peper Harow under the ever-watchful eye of Cook. He made for where he knew Walter was sitting in his supper chair, which had been brought out of the great hall specifically for him this evening, so he could \"watch over\" the crowd and enjoy the festivities. Stephen, his manservant, and another woman sat with him, also watching the dancing crowds and whispering together. Robin reached Walter and nudged the old man's hand with his, guiding it to grasp the mug he had brought to him. Walter accepted the mug and took a healthy swig. \"Music, laughter, the crackle of the bonfire and a roasting pig,\" he said, resettling in his seat. \" Life has returned. You have returned it, Robin.\" Robin grinned and took another sip of mead. He glanced out at the crowd, seeing what Walter did. He spied Tuck getting in on the dancing, even, and chuckled when, in his enthusiasm, Tuck bumped into the Sheriff, who had slunk into the party late, and caused the good Sheriff to spill mead all down the front of his expensive-looking black velvet tunic. The song ended and a great cheer went up around the gathered crowd. Then, one section of the crowd parted respectfully and Marian appeared. She took Robin's breath away. She was dressed in a gown he had never seen. Dark, it was, with swirls of metallic threads that shimmered in the firelight. She wore baubles in her ears that looked like queenly pearls, and her hair was swept back to swing free behind her, without getting in her way. A belt tilted fashionably on her hips just so and hung down the front of her skirt. Robin swallowed thickly. Marion paused a few feet away and held a hand out to him in invitation. He set down his mug and accepted her hand. Out of the corners of his eyes he saw other party guests were coupling up, some staring as the Lord and Lady of the House approached the bonfire hand in hand. Amongst those staring were Allan and Will, who nodded to each other and struck up a sweet, slow ballad. Everyone gathered watched as Sir Robert and Lady Marion faced each other. As the notes of the flute soared around them, Sir Robert bowed to his Lady, and she curtsied back. They stepped closer, and apart, each searching to remember the steps of the dance and finding that the less they thought about their actions, the more naturally they came. They circled each other, standing right shoulder to right shoulder, so close that Robin could smell the rose scent of Marion's hair. Other couples quickly joined the dance their Lord and Lady had started, bowing and curtsying, coming together and moving apart. Robin and Marion were blind to the couples around them. They came together in time to the strains from the flute, their hands coming up in mirror images of each other, stepping apart and moving back together again. But instead of stepping back, as the dance prescribed, Marion stayed close, liking very much Robin's nearness. She wished she could tell him how much she liked his strength, his wit, and his unceasing efforts to help her rebuild Nottingham bottom to top. She wished she could tell him how much she appreciated his help with the village boys in the greenwood, the way he had cleverly stolen the grain from the Church and planted it in the fields where it belonged, and had always respected her pride. Oh, sure, he had rescued the ram before her, and called her out when she suggested to the boys that spies not be let off the hook so easily, but there was a mutual understanding and give-and-take behind all of their encounters that not even the real Robert had given her. Robin could admit to himself he was surprised that Marion was being so bold with him now. He liked it, though, and found it in keeping with what he had learned of her character. She wasn't shy, and spoke her thoughts plainly and straightforwardly. She was a woman with an agenda, but not a secret one, who went after what she wanted, whether it was the seeds to be in Nottingham soil or the village boys to be healthy. She always found a way to make things work. He could tell, though, they weren't quite there yet. He did not kiss her, though her lips were right there… No, patience was still his game. He moved his own lips up and brushed them against her brow. He would wait for her, his gesture said. He would not take what she was not ready to give, and he would only take what was freely and chosen to be given. Marion closed her eyes and took a half step closer, leaning her forehead on Robin's strong shoulder. She understood what he was telling her, without words, and she once again marveled that God had seen fit to send such a wonderful man into her life. Robin held Marion close. Beyond the circle of firelight, he thought he heard an increase in the sounds of the night creatures of the forest. He smiled. Loop would enter the circle he and Marion were part of when he was ready, just as the woman in his arms now would come to him when she was fully ready to be part of his family in truth. He had always wanted a family, having grown up on his own. And he wanted that family to be with Marion. Their moment ended and they moved apart. Marion stepped back, still holding Robin's hands in hers and, looking into his eyes, she smiled, not flinching away. He nodded in response, squeezed her fingers, and then dropped her hands and went to speak to Allan, to praise him on his excellent timing and musical ability. \"Marion!\" Marion heard Walter calling her. \"I'm here, Walter,\" she replied, moving closer, her thoughts still on Robin. \"This is my old friend, William Marshal,\" a gentleman with swept-back, thick grey hair stood and bowed to her. \"Lady Marion Loxley, my son's wife,\" Walter said, making the introductions. \"My Lady, I was glad to see Sir Robert when he disembarked in London,\" William Marshal said. \"I think you know better, Marshal,\" Walter said, his tone leaving no room for argument. He turned to Marion, \"Sir William, I know, would like to meet Robin Longstride again.\" Marion stared at Walter in shock for a moment before her gaze caught the very man they were speaking about heading right for them. Sir William's eyes had also widened, and followed Marion's gaze. As Robin headed for them, Marshal stood and went out to meet him halfway. Marion could only watch, confused. She had a feeling they were all about to learn what Walter had been hiding from them all along. She leaned over Walter slightly to try to listen to Robin's and Marshal's conversation better. \"We've met before,\" Marshal said in greeting. \"Yes, sir, I know – in London,\" Robin replied. \"No,\" Marshal shook his head. \"When you were a child.\" He paused, studying Robin's face, looking for some sign of recognition. \"Hobby-horse age.\" He sighed. \"Sir Walter and I returned from the Holy Land to fetch you home, but you'd gone. We had lost Thomas Longstride's son.\" He shook his head, ashamed. \"It was a wound that… never healed.\" Marion couldn't believe what she was hearing. It seemed a lot more lies had been spun than she had been made aware of. Even less aware was Robin, if the look of surprise and calculation on his face was anything to go by. She stared at Walter, who merely gazed into the middle distance, nodding his head with everything Marshal was saying. After a few more whispered words, Marshal said his goodbyes, promising to visit Walter properly after the matter of the French invaders had been settled. Robin's ears perked at the mention of French soldiers invading England, but held his tongue. Marshal and the men he was leading left. \"I am weary,\" Walter announced. \"I think it's time for these old bones to find their bed for the night.\" Robin stepped forward and offered his arm to Sir Walter to escort him back to Peper Harow. Stephen and another manservant picked up Walter's hand-carved chair and carried it together behind their lords. Marion glanced back at the party and then again at the small group slowly making their way back to the hall. Deciding the people of Nottingham would feel freer without any of their nobles there to watch them, she left. She was also dying of curiosity. Back at Peper Harow, Stephen and the manservant replaced Walter's chair at the head of the table. Walter dismissed Stephen from his duties and allowed him to return to the festivities, thanking him for his help. Stephen bowed and he and the other servant all but ran back to the bonfire. \"Come with me, Robin. We have much to discuss,\" Walter said, patting his arm that he still leaned on. \"Yes, sir,\" Robin hastily agreed. He glanced back at Marion, who still lingered in the doorway, uncertain of her inclusion in their meeting. \"Go on. I'll be along as soon as we're through. Don't wait up for me, my dear.\" She nodded and ran ahead of the two men up to her room. She prepared for bed and lay down beneath the covers, but her mind was too busy racing from thought to worry to concern to question, and so she, just this once, called her favorite hound over and invited him into bed with her, and she sat, stroking the dog's soft head, waiting for Robin to return. Robin had never assisted a nobleman with his dress, let alone a blind man, but Walter simply directed him where to go and what to do, and Robin had him tucked up in bed in short order. \"You need to know what I know,\" Walter said, shifting to a more comfortable position. Robin leaned forward in the chair he had pulled up to Walter's bedside. \"Your father was a stonemason. Is that pleasing to you?\" \"Yes. It is,\" Robin replied, hardly breathing. Finally, he was getting his answers. \"But he was more than that,\" Walter continued. \"He was a visionary.\" His voice held a tone of awe and admiration Robin had never heard from the old man before. \"What did he see?\" \"That kings have a need for their subjects no less than their subjects have need of kings. A dangerous idea,\" Walter added. \"Your father was a philosopher. He had a way of speaking that took you by the ears and by the heart.\" Suddenly, in his mind, Robin saw – the same man, the older version of himself he had seen when Walter had first drawn Robert's sword when Robin gave it to him a week ago. He knew he was seeing his memory of his father, what he must have looked like to his child-self. 'None of these things can be written down, Robin,' he was saying. He and his child-self had their hands in wet cement. 'You must commit them to your very soul. This is the science of memory.' The man pointed to an upturned stone in front of them, and his child-self read the words haltingly. 'Rise and rise again, until lambs become lions.' Robin jolted back to the present. His breathing was harsh. He couldn't believe it. The science of memory… rise and rise again… he knew! \"Finally, hundreds listened,\" Walter said. Robin focused on the old man's face again. \"Thousands, who took up his call for the rights of all ranks, from baron to serf.\" \" 'Rise and rise again, until lambs become lions,'\" Robin said. In his mind's eye, he saw his father place the stone, words down, over their wet handprints and seal it in place. His father picked up his child-self, hugging him close and then tossing him joyfully in the air and catching him, his child-self shrieking with joy, and hundreds of men around them cheering as well… \"What happened to him?\" \"Close your eyes,\" Walter said gently. Robin blinked and then closed his eyes completely, and was again slammed by his memories, returning at last. He felt a heavy hand, not his father's, settle on his child-self's shoulder. He escaped the hand and ran to the front of the crowd, where his father stood, tall and proud. ' Longstride, give up the charter and their names!' a voice commanded. \"You were there!\" Walter said urgently, leaning toward Robin. \"You saw it!\" His father shook his head calmly. 'I will not.' His father handed his sword ceremoniously to a knight whose face Robin could not see, for he was wearing a helmet that shielded his features. Two men forced his father to his knees. The crowd around little child-Robin surged forward, but were pushed back again by the swords of armed guards. Child-Robin was picked up and carried off over the shoulder of a knight in chainmail. He saw the man lift his father's sword over his head with both hands. Even as a young child, he knew what that meant and he screamed, the only weapon a child possessed… the sword descended… he kept screaming… Robin's breathing was harsh, the only sound in Walter's bedchamber, save the crackle of the fire. Robin felt a tear escape and slide down his cheek and he quickly dashed at it with one hand. \"Not dead,\" Walter said, shaking his head. \"Not now.\" Robin shook his head. \"Not now,\" he breathed, voice shaky. He took a deep, shuddery breath, and put his hand over Walter's clasped ones that sat on the bedspread. He leaned his forehead against his hand as well. \"Thank you.\" Robin stood and headed for the door. He needed to process all his memory had flooded him with. And he knew exactly who could help him filter through everything he was feeling. \"Robin,\" Walter called from the bed. Robin paused in the doorway and turned back. \"He'd be proud of the man you are today.\" Robin didn't trust his voice just yet. He nodded, and then went out into the hall, closing Walter's door behind him. He headed for Marion's chamber at the other end of the corridor. He paused at the top of the stairs. Stephen and his friends were returning. \"I've settled him in bed, but forgot the candles,\" he called to Stephen from the top of the stairs. \"I'll check in on Sir Walter before I head in, my Lord,\" Stephen assured him. \"Thank you, Stephen,\" Robin replied. That was all he had in him in the way of niceties, so he turned and went into Marion's bedchamber, barely remembering to knock softly. \"Enter,\" came the immediate response. He opened the door, stepped in, and shut it behind him. Marion was sitting up in bed, her wolfhound taking up a large portion of the bed. \"I thought I told ye not to wait up for me,\" he said. \"As if I could sleep, worrying about you,\" she tossed back. Robin nodded, a grin tugging the corners of his mouth as he leaned against the door still, head bowed. Yes, she was just the person to help him sort out what was going through his mind. \"Thanks for the concern; I appreciate it,\" he said. \"So,\" she said. He finally raised his head and looked at her. She studied him for a moment. Even having seen him fresh off the road from the Holy Land, even after he swam through a bog to rescue her, and even after he spent the better part of a night somehow chasing down their seed grain and planting it by moonlight, she had never seen him look more worn than he did now. It was as if the weight of the entire world were pulling his shoulders to the earth, and she wanted nothing more than to lift him back up again. The Robin she knew did not let the world get the best of him like this. She did the only thing she could think of. She pushed her dog off the bed, scooted over to the far side of the mattress, and jerked her head to the spot she had been occupying, indicating he should join her there. Robin studied her a moment. He nodded, accepting whatever she was offering him now. He pulled off his tunic, setting it carefully on the bedside table, but left his under shirt on. He sat on the edge of the bed and leveraged off first one boot and then the other. He scooted back and then lay down on the soft mattress. Idly, his mind registered that it felt damn good to be in a proper bed again instead of the nest of blankets and dogs on the hearth flagstones. He lay there on his back, staring up at the ceiling, just breathing. He stacked his hands on his stomach and closed his eyes, then turned to look over at Marion, who hadn't moved. \"Do you want to tell me?\" she asked quietly. He studied her a moment. \"Ask me nicely,\" he said. She gave him a look. \"Please, dear husband,\" she said dryly, \"Tell me how you're doing this fine, celebratory evening,\" she finished grandly. He smiled at her and rolled to his side to face her, but didn't answer her right away. Instead, he held his right arm in the air, inviting her to lay beside him. She hesitated for the briefest of seconds before gracefully and carefully laying down next to him, facing him, her hands tucked under her cheek, her eyes studying his intently. Robin was quickly getting lost in her beautiful eyes, so he reached out, turned her over so she faced away from him, and then hauled her close, into the curve of his body. His right arm he left draped across her waist, respectfully distant from any private areas she had not given him permission to explore. He nuzzled the nape of her neck slowly, inhaling the scent of roses and wood smoke, the finest perfume he could recall ever smelling. Thus settled in, he sighed fierce enough to move her hair, and began in a low voice to tell her what had happened with Walter. Marion focused on what he was saying, his low voice right there by her ear. His arm around her waist was a distraction, albeit a pleasant one. She decided she quite liked the way he held her – it made her feel cherished and important. She realized she had zoned out on what Robin was saying. Determined to listen, she scooted backwards, closer to his body heat, which was wonderfully cozy in the chilly night air, and listened as Robin told her about his childhood, as he had known it, and what he had learned from Walter just now. \"A stonemason, a philosopher, and a visionary,\" she murmured when he was done. \"He sounds like quite a man. I would have liked to meet him.\" \"Walter told me he would have been proud of the man I've become,\" Robin admitted. \"As am I,\" Marion felt safe to say, since she wasn't looking at him directly. She still blushed to say the words. \"I'm sorry for your loss, Robin.\" \"Thank you,\" he whispered. He hugged her tight. \"And,\" she continued, finding her courage from his endearing hug, \"I have to say, though I've obviously never met him, it sounds to me like you're a lot like him.\" She paused to gather her thoughts, her hand coming up to cover his where it rested against her stomach. \"I've seen the way you treat others, Robin. You give Walter the respect he obviously deserves as elder, nobleman, and host. But I have also seen the way you put the serfs at ease when they come to you nervously asking your guidance with a problem. And especially with the way you handled Loop and the other boys. That was… most skillfully done,\" she said, unable to keep the smile out of her voice. \"You are your father's son, Robin Longstride, and I am of the opinion that that is exactly what we need.\" \"You are, without a doubt, the most amazing woman I have ever met,\" Robin sighed. He nuzzled her neck again. \"Thank you for listening, and for your opinion. But now, I have to insist we both sleep. This evening has been a whirlwind.\" \"That it has,\" Marion mumbled. \"Good night, dear husband.\" \"Good night, wife,\" Robin said, his eyes already closed. His last thought before sleep claimed him completely, was that this bed, and this woman in his arms, felt more right than anything he had ever experienced before. Aw, that was fluffy. I like the idea of Marion and Robin supporting each other without having to be physical - so much of a relationship is mental/emotional. I think we forget that sometimes. Anyway, please like/comment/review![Chapter 7] Author's Note : Okay, this a long one, but hear me out - I combined what would have been a dinky little chapter into the next big chapter, and so here we are. There are a lot of [ *** ] in this chapter - they're all for shifts in point of view. Part of what makes changing POV so difficult is that, especially in A/V media, multiple things are going on at once that, as a writer, I have to take the time to write out one at a time, when in the movie, they're happening simultaneously. Stick with it, I tried to make the transitions as clear and easy to follow as possible. If you have suggestions for improvement - you know what to do! WARNING***WARNING***WARNING : This chapter contains: sexual assault/attempted rape, battle/combat, and for like a second, mild torture, and also I included brief nudity (but no funny business) in an original scene of my own at the end - not explicit. If you've seen the movie, you know what I'm talking about (this chapter covers the French soldiers posing as tax collectors attacking Nottingham). If you're unfamiliar with the movie - it's not bad. Nothing is terribly explicit, just mentioned plainly. Also - I apologize in advance for the French. I don't speak French, the French words were not included in the script I was working from, and all I had at my disposal was Google Translate and my own best guesswork. That's enough warnings and disclaimers for one chapter - on with the story! When Marion awoke the next morning she was alone in her bed. Though this was how she spent every night the last ten years, and even more years before that, it still somehow felt wrong. Then the events of the evening before came rushing back to her – the bonfire, the dance, Robin, Sir William Marshal, and Robin's father. She blushed to recall the intimate yet wholly respectful way Robin had held her as he confided in her about his past, and the history Walter had finally divulged. Marion shook her head at her own foolish behavior. It had been dangerous to let Robin get so close, both physically and emotionally, she knew that, in her mind. But in her heart, she knew that given the choice, she would have done the same thing all over again. Like it or not, she was beginning to care for the man. He was so considerate, so giving, of his time and his abilities… and he was clever, and fun-loving, and, if she was being honest with herself, everything she'd ever hoped for in a man. Her thoughts were going in a dangerous direction. Marion leapt out of bed and rushed through her morning routine to take her mind away from the path it had almost went down. When she was ready, she gave her cheeks a last pinch for color, and headed for the great hall. She could hear Sir Walter and Robin before she could see them. \"Here is my copy of the main contract,\" Walter was saying. Marion glanced over the railing and saw Walter, half-seated on the table beside Robin, who sat in what was now his customary seat. Walter unrolled a fairly large piece of parchment that was covered in words and images, but she was too far away to make out any details. Marion hung back, not going down the stairs just yet, giving the men a little more privacy before she made her presence known. \"This charter of rights,\" Walter explained to Robin, \"was written by your father. And here are…\" he trailed off, unrolling the parchment and revealing a long list of shields, \"there are the names of all the barons that signed the charter. Fitzrobert, Baldwin, Marshal, and myself… What he wanted was a charter for every man…to have the same rights…\" \"Sir Walter?\" a serving maid interrupted them. Walter and Robin turned to look at her. \"A messenger for you.\" \"Bring him in!\" Walter called. The woman turned and nodded at the man hanging back in the shadows of the doorway. \"Step forward, sir.\" The man did as he was told and came up to the men hunched together over the table. \"My Lord,\" he said, effecting a polite bow. \"I'm listening,\" Walter replied. Sometimes, he really wished he didn't have to stand on such formalities, but he was a knight of the realm, and sometimes things had to be done in their proper course. \"Peterborough's been burned by the King's men,\" the man began his message, his voice gruff from much use. \"Fitzrobert gathers an army to slay King John in London. Marshal requests your presence at counsel in Barnsdale,\" the man finished his recitation. This was troubling news indeed. Walter waved his hand. \"Wait outside.\" The messenger bowed and left the great hall. From her station on the landing above, Marion chewed her lip thoughtfully, a bad habit from childhood. She knew Walter would not – could not – go to the counsel. That left only one person who could. She felt tears begin to prick the backs of her eyes. Just when she had started to get to know him, he was going to rush off to war! She couldn't believe it was happening again – just like Robert had done. \"'Cometh the hour, cometh the man,'\" Walter quoted. He turned to Robin. \"The time for pretense is over. Now – hold me, like a son,\" he said. Marion looked down in time to see Walter open his arms to Robin, who hesitated only for a moment before stepping into the circle of Walter's arms. Walter pounded Robin on the back good-heartedly. \"Go,\" he said, stepping back. He held Robin at arm's length for a moment and nodded, as if quite sure of himself now. She was a fool. She whirled and ran silently to her room and locked the door before the tears came. Men were all the same. She'd been an idiot to think this one was any different. Even the timeframe was the same – a week had gone by since she met him, and then, Athena called, and he turned to her voice instead of Marion's. Was it her? Was she lacking in some way, that the men in her life abandoned her for fields of battle after just a week of knowing her? She threw herself down on the bed, one arm draped across her eyes. No. She was not at fault here. Those stupid, pigheaded, stubborn, insolent, bloody men – they were the ones at fault. They were the ones who felt insecure unless they could prove themselves the most ruthless killers to other men. She'd show that idiot downstairs. If he returned to Nottingham from this latest battle call, she'd ignore him completely. Yes, that's what she would do. And if he was upset, well, he could always turn to his mistress, that Siren, Athena, calling him to ever-more-dangerous battles, fighting other men's wars. She was done sitting home alone, waiting for a man to return to her. A knock sounded at the door. Marion sat up with a start. She was in no fit state for anyone to see her, not like this, her eyes red and puffy and her hair mussed. She remained silent, hardly daring to move, to breathe. The knock came again, more forcefully. Still, she remained where she was, sitting on the edge of the bed – the edge Robin had slept on the night before… she blocked that thought immediately. Listening hard, it appeared whoever was at the door had given up and she could hear footsteps heading away down the corridor. She got up and went to the window. Down in the courtyard, men and horses were crowding around and bumping into one another as they prepared to set off. She stepped to the side of the window so she could look out without being seen. Against her own wishes, her eyes sought out Robin in the crowd. Astride his beautiful grey horse, she found him easily enough. He was standing with his men-at-arms Will, Allan, and Little John, seeming in deep discussion with them, probably last-minute preparation checks. Glancing down, Marion saw one of the house maids run out the door into the chaos of the yard. She started, afraid for the girl's safety. There were a lot of men and horses – she could easily not be seen and accidentally trampled in the confusion. However, it appeared Robin had seen her, for he nudged his horse and quickly approached her. Marion saw him lean down and whisper to the girl. She shook her head no, curtsied, then ran back to the safety of the manor. For some reason, Robin looked disappointed. In spite of that, he spun his horse, rejoined his friends, and they rode off. Marion watched them until she could no longer see the smudge of white with a smaller, darker smudge on top of it that was Robin and his mount. At last, she turned away from the window. She looked about her room sadly. Waiting for a man to return was tedious, exhausting work. Robin spotted the girl he had sent into the keep running out into the busy courtyard. Before she could miss him, he had nudged his mount over. \"Maggie!\" he called. He pulled up beside her and leaned down so she could hear him over the noise the other men were making. \"Where's my Lady?\" \"I could not find her, sir,\" Maggie replied, shaking her head sadly. She curtsied and hurried back to the safety of the hall and the duties that awaited her there. She also hated the pained look that had come over her Lord's face. It was obvious to her he cared very much about Lady Marion, and she was angry with herself she could not find Her Ladyship for Sir Robert. Robin watched her go and grimaced. He could only imagine what was going through Marion's head now, what this must all look like to her. But he had a duty – to protect England from invaders, and from its own King's ineptitude and cruelty, apparently. He vowed he would return, though, and would properly woo Marion, as she deserved. For now, though, the counsel at Barnsdale needed him, so he spun his mount, caught up with Will, Allan, and Little John, and they cantered out of Nottingham. Barnsdale wasn't too long a ride, but every minute they spent on the road was another minute the northern barons were using to stir up dissent amongst the English ranks, and time was of the essence now. As they approached Barnsdale, Robin spotted a stone cross in the town center. Every town had one – including Nottingham – but this one's design pulled at his memory. He pulled up his mount under the eaves of the closest abandoned, burnt-out shop, swung down off his horse, and set the reins over the rail so the horse wouldn't wander off or be spooked away by the sounds of battle and men. That done, he turned and with weighty, measured steps approached the stone rood. The sounds of the barons and their Army of the North quickly faded as Robin strode closer to the stone cross. He sensed, more than heard, his three friends follow behind him. But he didn't dare take his eyes off of the proud, intricately carved statue in front of him. His memory surged again. He could hear an innocent child's laughter. He knelt down halfway to the cross and put a hand to the ground. This earth held memories of its own – terrible memories of the cruelties of men. He looked up at the rood and saw not a pillar of stone, but a face looking back at him. His father's face as he was forced to kneel by the two knights who held him. His eyes seemed to search Robin's very soul. Robin stood and approached the rood he saw clearly again in the present. Still he was aware of his friends behind him who did not dare to speak and interrupt this moment. Robin drew his sword, the words on the hilt seeming to burn hot in his hand. Using the pommel of the sword as a hammer he struck with purposeful blows one of the stones that formed the ring around the base of the cross. It took just a few well-placed blows to loosen the stone. He held the pommel in his right hand and guided the blade under the stone with his left. Using the sword as a lever, Robin pushed the stone up, turning it on its edge. Sure enough, the words were there. Time, weather, and nature had gotten to them, stained them, smoothed their carved edges, but they were there. Rise and rise again until lambs become lions. He looked down at the stone beneath and brushed the dirt away. There, just as he had known there would be, was a child's tiny handprint. Had he really been that small? His fingers drifted to the other side of the stone and slipped into the man-sized handprint. This was the mark his father had made. His fingers fit perfectly inside the impression in the cement. \"This is where I was born,\" Robin murmured to his friends in explanation. He straightened slowly and slipped the sword back into its scabbard at his side. \"What does it mean?\" Will Scarlet asked, reading the words Robin had exposed. Robin looked into the middle distance, the last wisps of memory leaving his mind. \"It means never give up,\" he explained to his friend. Without glancing back, or resetting the stone, Robin walked forward, to where the Army of the North had assembled on the burnt field of Barnsdale. His companions fell into step behind him. \"A king does not bargain for the loyalty that every subject owes him!\" King John was screaming. Robin made his way toward the platform the King was speaking from, where he spotted also William Marshal, and some other important-looking older men. \"Without loyalty, there is no kingdom. There is nothing!\" the King thundered. \"I'm here to speak for Sir Walter Loxley,\" Robin called. His voice was raised slightly, but what caught the attention of those around him was the force of his voice. It took his listeners by the ears and demanded they listen to what he had to say. He saw Marshal turn towards him hopefully, and King John studying Marshal's reaction to his presence there at last. Shouts of \"Speak!\" and \"Let the man speak!\" went up around him. \"Speak, if you must,\" the King said, his tone indicating he thought little of this man, yet another person with an opinion of how he should run his country, who thought he knew what a King knew. \"If you're trying to build for the future,\" Robin said, sweeping his gaze across the men closest to him, \"you must set your foundations strong.\" The rabble of men had gone almost completely silent, listening to him. \"The laws of this land enslave people to its King – a King who demands loyalty, but offers nothing in return.\" Ripples of murmuring were spreading through the crowd now. \"Now I have marched from France to Palestine and back. And I know : in tyranny lies only failure.\" He was suddenly reminded of Loop and the other village boys in the greenwood. The murmuring was growing louder, so Robin raised his voice further. \"You build a country like you build a cathedral – from the ground up!\" There were shouts of agreement around him. \"Empower every man,\" Robin continued, sweeping his hand across the gathered company, \"and you\" he pointed at King John, \"will gain strength.\" King John appeared not like what he was hearing. \"Hmm. Well, who could object to such reasonable words?\" he mused, his voice also pitched so the crowd could hear. Robin could sense the King needed more persuasion, needed to see how Robin's ideas would benefit His Majesty more specifically. \"If Your Majesty were to offer justice,\" Robin began moving towards the platform with the assembly of powerful men on it. \"Justice in the form of a charter of liberties,\" Robin continued, trusting his companions to follow him. \"…allowing every man to forage for his hearth,\" he reached the platform and ascended it, \"to be safe from conviction without cause,\" he turned to face the crowd, \"or prison without charge,\" loud shots of approval from the crowd, \"To work, eat, and live on the sweat of his own brow, and be as merry as he can,\" Robin saw a messenger whisper something in William Marshal's ear, \"then that King,\" he turned to King John, \"would be great. Not only would he receive the loyalty of his people, but their love as well.\" \"So what would you have?\" King John asked, rubbing a gloved hand over his short, dark beard. \"Hm? Castle for every man?\" \"Every Englishman's home is his castle!\" Robin replied, grinning. The crowd roared their approval. \"What we would ask, Your Majesty, is liberty: liberty by law!\" \"Your Majesty,\" Marshal interjected before King John could reply. \"My Lords… the French fleet is in the Channel.\" He moved closer to the King and spoke quietly, directly to him. \"Sire, you have a chance to unify your subjects high and low. It falls on your nod.\" \"I only have to nod?\" King John said dismissively. He leaned down and whispered to Marshal, \"I can do better than that.\" He straightened and let his gaze sweep the crowd. \"I give my word that such a charter will be written. On my mother's life I swear it.\" The crowd once again roared its approval of these words, to which King John beamed and waved to them in return. While King John was thus occupied, Marshal approached Robin to whisper the message his man had given him. \"Godfrey makes for Nottingham,\" he told Robin gravely. \"I must stay with the King. I will send Baldwin and Fitzrobert with you. We will meet again at the White Horse when you are finished.\" Robin nodded and made to leave. \"Robin,\" Marshal said, staying him with a hand on his arm. \"Your father was a great man. And you are your father's son.\" Robin nodded his appreciation for Marshal's words then turned away quickly. He bumped into Allan, Will, and Little John, who had kept close even in the crush of the large crowd. As they made their way back through the throng of men to where they had tied their horses, he filled them in on what Marshal had told him about the danger Nottingham was suddenly in. \"I really hate that man!\" Will muttered as they navigated their way back to the horses. With the crowd's attention centered on King John and Sir Marshal, they made quick time and found their horses easily. They mounted up, found Fitzrobert and Baldwin waiting for them with their additional troops, and set off for Nottingham as quickly as they could. Marion had finally collected herself. She was upset by Robin's abandonment, sure. But just as she had after Robert left, she had picked herself up and gone back to work. Nottingham cared little of the worries and strife of a single person, be they serf or noble, and there was always work to be done. She did, however, take the time to press a cool cloth to her face to rid it of any evidence of tears there may have been. Thus prepared, she had gone down into Nottingham town to help with the inspections of the storage facilities for the grain through the winter. For the last few years, there had been so little crop left over that all of the leftover had been stored in the pantry at Peper Harow. But now, thanks to Robin's gift, they would have plenty of food to see them through the cold months. However, they needed to make sure that no mice or other varmints were living in the storage buildings, and that the buildings were sturdy and weatherproof. They had just finished when Marion stepped out into the open to take in some of the rare English sun that was shining that day. She was not so wrapped up in her troubles she couldn't appreciate the fine weather they were having. She was folding her apron when she glanced up and saw a small army riding towards Peper Harow through the fields. She looked at the front of the column but there was no grey horse. Had Robin switched horses? \"Maggie, who's at the house?\" she asked, growing quickly concerned that she didn't spot Robin's straight back and proud posture amongst any of the war-band's leaders. And why would they be going to the great hall directly? There was a great shout to her left, at the edge of town. \"Long live the King!\" she thought she made out those words. Another small war-band was riding into town. Actually, they were already in the town proper, and they weren't slowing down. What was going on? Marion could only stand, dumbfounded, as a knight on a dark horse bore down on her position. He carried a standard, but managed to direct his horse's path so he deliberately ran over a woman in the middle of the street who was trying to get away. Startled, but still not quite comprehending, Marion saw swarms of men in armor, the device on their shields foreign to her, bearing down on the town. One horseman leaned out of his saddle, his sword swinging, and savagely cut open a man's torso not thirty feet from her. Before she could react he was riding at her. By the grace of God, his swing, aimed right for her, caught only her hair, which had blown away from her body in a sudden breeze. It quickly became apparent they were under attack. Old folk, women, and children were running madly through the streets, trying to escape but only managing to create more confusion and traffic. Everywhere Marion looked, men on horseback were trampling, slashing, chasing, and generally wreaking destruction on her town and her people. At the far end of the street, Marion saw Friar Tuck slip inside the church. She hoped he had the good sense to grab his quarterstaff, which she knew him to be quite capable with, and try to get some of the more feeble to safety. Perhaps he could defend the church and claim sanctuary for people to hide there, though from the dishonorable way these knights were attacking, she doubted they would honor the sanctity of a church or its sanctuary. Suddenly Marion was shoved hard from behind. She stumbled forward, caught off guard completely, and grunted, righting herself. She found herself being herded, along with a large group of others, towards the rood at the center of town that served as the crossroads. Marion found herself pushed right up against the stone monument, and began to climb. From her vantage point, she noted with grim satisfaction that the invaders had gone to the Sheriff's house as well, and was just in time to see one of the knights throw a lit torch at the Sheriff's house. She refocused on the people around her, trying to calm them as best she could, though she was close to complete panic herself. This was a time of distress, damn it all, and the people needed a leader, someone to direct them, and by God, it was going to be her. She saw one man had managed to evade the mounted warriors and was running toward Peper Harow, calling Sir Walter's name. Oh no , she thought. Walter would, she knew, immediately take up arms to defend his people and his estate, even though he was not only feeble but completely blind. He would surely be hurt, if not worse. She had to trust Walter wouldn't do anything too foolish without her, and she once again put her clever mind to work trying to figure out a way to let the people know she would take care of them, and to cease their wild, animal panicking. That wasn't going to happen anytime soon. Looking around, Marion saw that the soldiers not occupied with herding the terrified people together were busy helping themselves to anything they liked. Some were opening casks of wine, others were clearing the bakery shelves, emptying the coins from the hiding places in the shops, and some, she saw with utter disgust, were dragging poor young girls away, to do unspeakable horror to them, she had no doubt. Suddenly their shepherds were moving them, over to the largest grain storage shed. Under the roof overhang she saw a long table had been set up, and men were seated at it, taking the coins people were handing over in the desperate hope that the invaders would take the coins and leave them alone. \"Next! Next! Come on!\" one of the knights at the table shouted, gesturing for the next poor soul to step up and give away all their cash. Marion pushed her way forward, and the man happily focused on her, as was her intention. \"Name?\" he demanded. \"Loxley,\" Marion replied, chin held proudly. This man would not get the satisfaction of intimidating her. She wouldn't let him. She glanced furtively to either side. Other knights were taking the coins of many people at once. Damn, but they were efficient at their thieving business. \"Christian name?\" \"Marion.\" The knight in front of her scratched her name into his book with a quill. \"Land?\" Marion saw one tall knight, his head shaved, leering at her. She glared at him defiantly as she responded to the question. \"Five thousand acres,\" she spat. The leering man was grinning now. \" Lady Marion Loxley?\" he asked in sick glee. Marion refused to back down. \"I am,\" she stated clearly. The man didn't say anything, merely held up his hand and gestured for her to follow him around to the other side of the table. She refused to go anywhere with him. He elbowed another knight next to him and jerked his chin at her, indicating for the other man to seize her and force her to follow him. The other knight happily did so, throwing her into the open door of another empty storage shed that his leader had indicated. Marion stumbled inside, righted herself, and whirled around to try to run past them, but the door was slammed in her face before she could take a single step. She knew it was futile, but she still yanked on the door's handle – it was indeed locked against her. Marion was not one to be idle. She found a hole in the wall – fleetingly she thought she ought to note it in her memory so they could fix it after this nightmare was over – and put her eye to it, trying to look out. Her vision was severely limited, but she was able to see many invaders herding townspeople into the empty storage sheds, to the second floor in particular if the building had one. There was nothing she could do to help her people while she remained trapped in this shed here. She looked about. The place was pretty much empty – there was certainly nothing she could use as a weapon to fend off her attacker when he came for her. Oh, yes, she knew what he wanted from her. She was not naïve. She needed to be ready to fight for her life. To buy herself time, she went to the far side of the structure, where the shadows were thick, and waited. She didn't have to wait long. The man with the shaven head pushed the door open and entered, shutting the door firmly behind him. \"Où es-tu?\" he called. Marion didn't respond. \"Venez ici,\" he crooned. Marion sidled out from her hiding place amongst the shadows. \"Ah,\" he said as she stepped into the light streaking in from the spaces between the slats of the wall. \"No one should have four thousand acres.\" \" Five thousand acres,\" Marion said, almost speaking over him. She would not let him see any fear. She would be the aggressor if she had to be. The Frenchman smirked and did not reply. He simply undid the buckle holding up his sword belt with one hand and let the whole contraption drop straight to the floor, his sword clinking metallically. Marion knew the best defense was simply to run. This building had a rear door that she hadn't had time to check for being locked. As soon as the Frenchman's belt hit the floor she whirled and pushed against the door with everything she had. It didn't budge. And worse, she was now trapped against a wall and the Frenchman was coming towards her, pulling his gloves off and throwing them casually to the ground, as if he had all the time in the world to do whatever he wanted to her. She stilled and watched him approach. When he was inches from her she tried to dart past him but he blocked her and she leaned heavily against the locked doors that had let her down. There was a scream from outside and a body was slammed into the wall at her back from the other side, jolting her. The Frenchman leaned down and cooed, \"Relâcher,\" his hot, stinking breath wafting into her face and making her want to gag. His dirty hand descended on her head, touching her hair, covering her eye, feeling the smoothness of her skin. She wanted nothing more than to throw him off, but she knew she had to find the perfect moment. With his hand he held her head in place and he leaned forward, his large nose skimming her throat, as he inhaled her scent, from her collarbones to her temple, in an obscene imitation of a lover's gesture. She thought she was going to be sick, and swallowed thickly. Patience… the right moment… From outside she could hear hammers driving in nails, but to what purpose, she could not guess. A minute later, there was mass screaming. She thought she smelled wood burning. She could no longer afford to be patient. She needed to make her opportunity. Maintaining eye contact with the Frenchman, Marion leaned down. She grabbed the skirt of her dress just above the ankle and slowly eased the hem of her skirts up. As her hand slowly passed the top of her boot, she made a sly grab for the small knife she always kept there. This was it. This was her only hope now. She tried to use her right hand to hide the knife from her captor as much as possible, but she almost needn't have worried. His eyes were glued to the creamy whiteness of her exposed leg. She held the knife in her right hand and managed to get it all the way up to her hip. Seeing the Frenchman's fascination, she left her skirt hiked up and began a prayer for strength and guidance. The Frenchman blinked as if stunned that she hid such treasure. He knelt down in front of her almost reverently and leaned toward her. Marion's breathing sped up, her heart racing. She risked letting go of her skirt with her left hand and placed it on her attacker's bald head. He thought she meant to guide him to her leg, and he leaned in further, pressing a kiss to the inside of her right knee. With a sob, Marion found her moment. Her hand on his head kept him still and gave her aim. She lunged forward and sank her knife all the way to the hilt through the man's spine from behind. He cried out in pain and surprise as Marion backed away as far as the locked door would allow and shook her skirts back down to decency. She watched as the Frenchman reached one arm back and before he could grasp the handle and pull the knife out, she kicked him in the face, sending him sprawling to the floor to die in a pool of his own blood. She took just a moment for herself, to gather her wits again. Despite the horrible thing she had been forced to do, and despite the fact that she had been under such a personal attack, her people were still out there, needing her, screaming still. She needed to get out of this storage shed. As far as she knew, there were only the two doors, and both were locked. Suddenly a patch of sunlight appeared on the floor, and grew larger. She looked up and saw a dirty, scrawny arm reach through and gesture her over. \"Lady Marion!\" Loop hissed down at her. The attackers had not counted on the village boys of Sherwood! She had the presence of mind to pick up the Frenchman's sword from his dropped belt before she raced over and climbed onto a barrel, reaching for the hand waving down at her to hurry. She passed the sword up first. The space in the thatched roof was made larger and several boys pulled her up and out onto the roof. They crawled up to the top part of the thatch to get the best view and assess the situation down below. Another shaved knight was shouting orders to his men in French, something about the enemy coming to attack. That could only mean one thing – Robin was on his way. Thus heartened, she urged the boys down to the ground with her. Friar Tuck had also found and joined them. She and the boys emerged onto the street just in time to see Robin thunder by on his grey destrier, laying about him with his sword to deadly effect, letting out a bloodcurdling battle cry. She couldn't help it – her heart swelled with pride. He barely glanced at her as he leaned over, never stopping, and sliced an attacker from hip to shoulder and kept going. \"Follow me!\" she cried, and took off after him, pulling the sword from its scabbard. By God, they were the ones in charge of this town. She and her husband would defend Nottingham – and its people – until their dying breaths! Robin could only pray that he wasn't too late as they approached Nottingham at breakneck speed. He wished the little army would move faster, but it took time to move that many men and ready them to attack with the greatest force, and he knew he needed their numbers if he was going to rescue Nottingham from its invaders. His grey destrier pranced and circled and halted at the front of the charge. \"Baldwin! Fitzrobert!\" Robin called over to the other barons. \"Take the southern flank and circle in from the west.\" Robin spun his excited horse to his friends. \"Will and Allan, get on the rooftops and pick your targets.\" His instructions given, Robin made a circling gesture and whistled to his men, urging his horse forward, leading the charge to take back Nottingham. He and his men rode straight through the fields with their carefully tilled straight lines. If they survived this day, there would be time to fix it later. He could see what appeared to be the leader, dressed in chainmail and riding a black horse, gathering his troops in the center of town and directing them to form some sort of defensive formation. Robin urged his horse faster. The leader of the invaders apparently did not fight honorably, as once his knights were in position, he wheeled his horse and fled out the far side of town. Robin yelled his frustration, which quickly turned into a battle cry, as he had now reached the edge of town and began slashing at the soldiers throwing themselves at him, trying to unseat him from his mount. As he flashed by he saw Marion's tall, willowy figure beside the road with Friar Tuck and Loop. He had time to say a quick thanks to God that she was alright before his mind resettled on the task at hand. Robin had never led troops into hand-to-hand combat before. He'd been the unspoken leader of the archers in King Richard's army, but that was an entirely different sort of fighting. This was close quarters, swords flashing all around in the sunlight were distracting as they caught his eye, and he had to focus not only on killing whoever ran at him with a weapon, but also controlling his horse. Though he had no experience at such an attack, he led the way. To his right, he saw Will and Allan jump from their horses onto the buildings and climb up, seeking the high ground that would give their bows their lethal advantage. On his left, Little John used the momentum of his horse to swing off the still-galloping animal and, his giant poleaxe in hand, take out three enemy soldiers at once. Robin himself got down to the dirty work of slashing any enemy foolish enough to try to get close. Marion knew she had to work quickly. Robin, his friends, and several allies he had apparently brought were busy cleaning up the streets of invaders. However, the smell of burning wood was still heavy in the air and ugly, black smoke was emanating from several buildings. In a single glance she realized what the hammering had been – the bastard invaders had locked her people up in buildings and then set the buildings on fire. She hadn't realized she could hate another person so much, but this was too much. These people were innocent! She took up the Frenchman's sword and made her way to the closest building. When an enemy knight raised his sword, she paused, dropped the skirts she had picked up to give her legs running room, and swung at his exposed ribs with all her might. She felt the sword jerk in her hands as her blow struck her target and the man went down. She pulled the blade free and kept running. Up the stairs she climbed of the two-story storage shed. The people were trapped here, and the fire was burning, working its way up to them from the first floor. She jabbed the sword point down behind the crossbar that had been nailed over the door and started pulling as hard as she could. Behind her, Loop ran past to the window, where someone was holding their bundled-up newborn out, trying to save whatever lives they could. Marion pulled and pulled at the sword until finally, the boards came free. She swung the doors opened and started choking on the smoke that billowed out. She quickly stepped to the side and started directing the freed peasants down the stairs and away from the fighting in the streets of the town. She glanced to the building next door and saw Friar Tuck had done the same as she, unbarring the doors, throwing them open, and then leading the people who had been trapped down to safety. \"Loop, gather your boys, get these people into Sherwood, hide them!\" she ordered. Loop didn't waste time responding, simply started running, letting off a series of animal calls that hopefully meant something to the boys he was in charge of. Marion continued directing people down the stairs, telling them it would be alright, they were safe now, they were doing fine, follow the boys, get to Sherwood… As he fought with his sword, Robin heard the distinctive whine of arrows flying and the thud as they found their marks. Will and Allan were probably the two best archers from Richard's army, after him, of course. Their arrows were having quite the devastating effect on the enemy, which Robin was glad for. He was unused to the sword as his primary weapon and longed for the archer's vantage, so he could see the full picture of the battle. He hated being down here, waiting for an enemy soldier to reveal himself before being able to attack. It felt… passive. John was doing his best to put a dent in the enemy's numbers as well – literally. He was like a one-man whirling dervish with that poleaxe of his. Robin saw an enemy riding hard at John's back as John was finishing off his latest opponent. \"John, down!\" Robin yelled. Thankfully, eyes huge, John didn't stop to ask why, simply bent his knees in a low squat. Robin galloped right past him, putting a sword in the middle of the man's chest who had been about to attack John from behind. Robin kept going and saw, out of the corner of his eye, Will leap from one building to the upper platform of another and kick the enemy soldier there to the ground. Robin wheeled his horse around. He needed a weapon – his sword was still buried in the chest of the man attacking John. As Robin spun about, he saw John with his poleaxe in one hand and – miracle of miracles – the sword Robin had lost in the other. \"Sword!\" Robin called. John glanced over and tossed the sword to Robin, who caught it by the pommel out of the air. Together, down on ground level, Robin, John, and even Will, still managing to do quite a bit of damage with arrows held in his hands and some well-placed kicks, fought their way through to the center of town, where Baldwin's and Fitzrobert's men had clustered the enemy soldiers together. At least, the ones still breathing, who had either been overpowered or were naturally cowardly and laid down their arms. \"Arrête! Arrête!\" Robin yelled, riding into the town center. \"Arrêter, ou il est mort pour vous tous!\" \"Get down, you bastard French dogs!\" Baldwin's commander yelled, helping Robin circle the men so that they all knelt around the central cross of town. Robin halted his horse and swung down to the ground. With his sword, he studied the faces of several prisoners, using his blade to raise their chins up to him and moving on to the next. Finally, he found one that had the look of cowardice and self-preservation about him. \"Qui est votre officier?\" Robin asked the man, his sword's point resting in the soft flesh under his chin, unprotected by his helm. The man stared at Robin with huge eyes and barely jerked his head to the left, indicating the man next to him. Robin strode over to the other man, whose head was without a helm and who had a large, bloody gash on his scrawny cheek. Robin used his sword to push the man backwards onto his haunches. \"Où Philip atterrir?\" he asked the man. The officer glared up at him insolently. \"Où Philip atterrir?!\" Robin shouted again. He didn't have time for this. He grabbed the man by the front of his tabard and threw him towards the door of the building. Little John, knowing what Robin was about to do, stepped forward without prompting and drove nails through the man's chainmail so that his arms were pinned out crossways from his body. As Little John worked, Robin grabbed his bow and one of the arrows from the quiver attached to his saddle. The man refused to make eye contact and tried half-heartedly to jerk his arms free. Robin kept his face stonily blank and stepped in front of the man, about twenty paces away. His face still giving away nothing, he brought his bow up, drew back, and smoothly released. The arrow buried itself in the wood less than an inch from the man's neck, as Robin had intended. \"Where will King Philip land, and when?\" Robin asked, turning to accept the arrow Allan was holding out to him from his own supply. Robin accepted the arrow and faced the French officer. The man did not reply. Robin brought his bow up, drew back, took his aim, and released. This time, the arrow landed in the center of the man's right hand. The officer immediately screamed and jerked in pain. Robin couldn't care less. He accepted another arrow from Allan, who kept his head bowed. He knew this was necessary, but he hated the excessive violence. \"This is my last arrow,\" Robin warned the officer, bringing his bow up for the third and last time. The French officer looked into Robin's eyes down the length of the arrow's shaft and cried, \"Dungeness!\" He gulped air. Robin lowered his bow. \"Dungeness. Two days.\" Robin studied the man and knew he was telling the truth. He un-nocked the arrow and handed it and his bow to Allan. \"There we have it,\" he said, turning to Lord Baldwin. \"We have two days.\" Robin looked up and saw Marion walking away. He frowned. Marion had uneasily joined the crowd just as Robin had grabbed the French officer and thrown him toward the door. She watched, a sick feeling still roiling through her stomach, as Robin fired at the bound man, first deliberately missing, then hitting him in one of the most painful locations on the body. She winced when the man yelled. It sounded just like the yell the Frenchman had made… She turned away in time to see a cart pull up, drawn by Goliath, their plow-horse. Confused, she walked over to see what that business was about. Before she had taken half a dozen steps, Stephen and another manservant swung down from the cart. Marion's stomach gave another uncomfortable roll. She stopped as the two men approached. Stephen held out a sword in a scabbard, the belt wrapped around the protected blade. She didn't need to ask who it belonged to. She knew. She accepted the blade from him, nodding grimly, fighting back the tears that threatened to fall. So… he had done something foolish and noble after all, the old codger. Stephen met her eyes, asking a silent question. She nodded imperceptibly. She couldn't… Suddenly he was there. She turned around, and Robin was there. He smelled awful, his armor was smeared with the gore of battle, and she had just witnessed him torture answers he wanted from a prisoner. She looked into his eyes, though, and saw the tenderness there. He, too, realized what the sword meant, realized that Walter was gone. She knew this man. He probably blamed himself for not getting back to Nottingham in time to save him. But more than that, was his concern… for her. He had not grown up with a father, but he understood what Walter had meant to her, how Walter had been there for her when his own son abandoned them to play soldier, had been there for her as year after year, the taxes increased and the crop yield decreased. Always, he had been there, and now he was gone forever… She couldn't meet Robin's eyes anymore. She studied the sword she held in her hands in disbelief. She saw in her peripheral vision Robin step towards her and couldn't do it anymore. She couldn't be strong. She admitted to herself that she needed to borrow some of Robin's apparent strength. So when he stepped toward her, she raised the sword to him, leaned in, and rested her head on his shoulder and began weeping softly. There was nothing else she could do, in that moment. Robin was simply glad she was letting him in in this deeply tragic and emotional moment, when he knew she so easily could have chosen to push him away. She put her head down on his shoulder and though many layers of fabric and metal separated her from his skin, he felt like he could feel her silent tears dripping down his skin. He brought his hand up to stroke her hair, mindless to the dirt that covered him. He turned his head slightly to place a gentle kiss to her temple and just held her while she let her emotions run free, for once. He closed his eyes. He, too, needed to grieve for Walter, who had become like his father in the short time he had known the old man. They had two days before King Philip of France was to land in Dungeness. They had two days, slightly less, then, to grieve together for their lost loved one. Before they both lost it completely in front of several armies from two countries, Robin took the sword, Walter's sword, out of Marion's hands, tucked her beneath his arm, and escorted her to the cart. He handed her up to the driver's seat and then ascended behind her. He accepted the reins from Stephen, turned the cart in the cramped street, and drove for Peper Harow. He parked in the deserted courtyard. At his whistle, a stable boy emerged from the shadows. \"See to the horse, lad, if you would,\" Robin told him. The stable lad stared up at him with eyes the size of saucers, but nodded that he understood the order, and grabbed the giant horse's reins. Robin turned next to Marion, who was easing her way down out of the tall cart. Instead, Robin caught her and carried her bridal style into the great hall, and did not stop until he reached the door to the washroom where he had first gone the very first night he had come to Nottingham. Inside, he undressed Marion in silence while she stood still, only moving when he couldn't figure out the lacings on parts of her garments. Finally she stood completely naked before him. She moved forward and made quick work of his tabard and chainmail, an expert at the various lacings now. Both of them bare, they worked together to haul buckets of hot water from the giant cauldron that hung over the fire and dumping them into the even larger wooden tub. When the tub was not quite three-quarters of the way full, Robin handed Marion up into the water and quickly followed. Since Marion still seemed stunned and unresponsive, Robin set to work with the rose-scented soap and a cloth, bathing Marion's creamy white skin with as much tender care as ineptitude. When she looked mostly clean, he set about on himself, trying to get all the blood that had dribbled through his armor to his skin. Thankfully, not much had gotten through that far. Most of it was on his arms, hands, and face. He scrubbed at his skin as best he could and then dunked beneath the water, shaking his head and causing ripples. He surfaced again and took a deep, calming breath. Now that the work of bathing was over, he focused on Marion. She was starting to shiver, though the water was still quite warm. He reached out for her hand and drew her gently to him through the water. He put his arms around her and there they stayed, she safely in the circle of his arms, the both of them enveloped by the steam, heat, and warm water. Robin wasn't sure how long they were in there for – all he really knew was that his fingers had wrinkled from the prolonged soak. The water was cool though the room still warm when Marion pulled back and gazed up at him. \"Thank you,\" she said. Robin raised his hands from where they had fallen into the water and held her neck gently between his palms, his thumbs reaching up to wipe the last stray tear from her cheek. \"We have both lost good men and women today,\" he said. \"But I think we will miss Walter more dearly than any other. We will give him the most fitting ceremony we can.\" \"Yes, of course,\" Marion replied. She gave him a weak grin. \"He told me he didn't want to be buried, though.\" \"Then we won't bury him,\" Robin agreed easily. Marion nodded and then stepped away from him, moving to the side of the tub and – still graceful as ever, Robin thought – swung one pale leg over the side and then the other. He appreciated that she was not being shy with him, and though she did not rush to hide her nakedness, she did pull on a spare cotton dress that had been laying on the sideboard. Over it she wrapped a shawl about her shoulders, and then waited for him. Robin levered himself out of the tub as well and pulled on the trousers and plain cotton shirt Marion passed to him. Thus washed and dressed, they walked together, though not touching, to Marion's bedchamber. Once inside, Marion locked the door, pulled down the bedding, and they crawled beneath the blanket. Robin lay on his side, Marion curled towards him, her head tucked under his chin as if they were made to fit together. They were still for a minute, then Marion slowly raised her head. She studied Robin as he watched her, waiting for her to determine what would happen next. He was determined to be there for her, no matter what she needed. Marion pressed up and planted a series of little kisses, first on Robin's chin, then creating a small path up to the corner of his mouth. She hesitated and then pressed her mouth against his warm lips once, then again, lingering slightly before pulling back. She noticed his eyes were closed. She reached down for the hem of his shirt and tugged it upwards. \"Marion,\" he said, his eyes flying open. His hands covered hers, stilling their tugging movement. He studied her face. \"Don't you want me to?\" she asked, her voice whisper soft. \"Yes, I do,\" Robin admitted. \"But I think we need to let our grief run its course first,\" he explained. \"There will be plenty of time for anything we want after we take care of our lost loved ones, and settle Nottingham's affairs, don't you think?\" Marion couldn't believe what she was hearing. A single tear escaped and slid down her cheek, which she brushed aside. She kissed Robin once more before resettling herself into the crook of his body. She fit perfectly against him, and just like before, he slipped one arm around her waist and pulled her close, where she felt both safe and warm. \"Robin,\" she whispered. \"Mmm,\" he replied. \"I want to tell you what happened while you were gone,\" Marion admitted. She could feel shame heating her cheeks, but she wasn't facing him, and he was being so understanding about everything else that was going on, she felt like she needed to tell him, to confess almost. \"Alright,\" Robin agreed. And so she slowly told him everything that had happened to her that day, starting all the way back to admitting she had hidden from Maggie when she came searching for her. Robin felt it safe to smile at that confession, as she couldn't see his face. She continued on to how she had stayed in her room for some time, angry with him… how she finally quit feeling sorry for herself and went down to help with the harvest preparations in town… the arrival of the French marauders and the terror she had felt and her near-miss with the first soldier who had swung a sword at her and only sliced at her hair. She told him about being rounded up like sheep in the center of town and the phony tax collector and the Frenchman who had singled her out. As she told him of her encounter with the French pig she felt Robin's arm tighten about her waist. He was immensely sorry he hadn't been there to protect her, but didn't say anything, letting her get out in the open what she felt she had to tell him. She explained how Loop and the other village boys had rescued them, and instructed Robin that he would need to come up with a suitable reward for all of the boys, for if it had not been for them, she didn't know if they would have saved anyone from town, let alone she herself. He showed his agreement by placing a kiss along her exposed shoulder. She shuddered, a thrill chasing through her, but she kept going. She described how he had looked to her as he charged into town and into battle, like her very own avenging angel come to save them. She had taken up her sword to free the townspeople while he and the soldiers set about clearing out the French. \"I think I killed a man, actually,\" she admitted thoughtfully. \"The man was in need of killing either way,\" Robin sighed. \"I would suggest letting Friar Tuck handle that affair. Keep going. What did you do after you freed the people from the storage sheds?\" She had told Loop to round up his boys and get the townspeople out of the way of the fighting by hiding in Sherwood, she explained. By that time, the battle was essentially over. She saw to it that the last of the townsfolk had gone with Loop and the boys, then headed for the town center, where the French prisoners had been gathered together. \"You know the rest,\" she finished, yawning. \"I can't tell you how sorry I am for what happened today,\" Robin said. \"You were very brave.\" \"Well, someone had to be,\" Marion quipped half-heartedly. \"Aye, but you are an entirely singular, exquisite creature,\" Robin said, nuzzling her shoulder. \"I thank God every day that he sent my path to cross yours, you know.\" \"Do you now,\" Marion said, smiling. \"God's truth,\" Robin assured her. \"I'm grateful for you as well, Robin Longstride,\" Marion said, serious again. \"Walter was right: you returned life to us here in Nottingham.\" She paused. \"I hope you will stay, when all of this is finished.\" \"And where else would I go, hm? My life is here, Marion. I'll join King John against the French fleet, but as soon as that's done, I'm coming home. Now, go to sleep. We have a lot to do tomorrow.\" Marion sighed and snuggled deeper into the mattress, and closer to the wonderful man beside her. He had just called Nottingham home. Athena could borrow him – but he belonged to her. You made it to the end of the big chapter! Congratulations! And, we all made it safely through the battle, assault, torture, and nude scenes. Again, apologies for my horrendous and quite possibly inaccurate French. Please comment/review with suggestions for improvement there, and especially for how *delicate matters* were handled - I'm writing this mostly as a writing exercise for myself, with the goal of improving, clarifying, smoothing, and making more engaging my writing. This chapter has a lot of stuff that could use some good ole TLC - tender loving comments/reviews. Thanks![Chapter 8] Author's Note : While a lot of important things happen in this chapter, plot-wise, it's one of (if not the most) the shortest chapters - a nice reprieve after the real campaign that was the last chapter. WARNING***WARNING***WARNING : character death and a funeral. It's canon, guys - sorry. Robin awoke before Marion did. In the pre-dawn he lay beside her, arm still protectively across her middle, holding her close. They needed to make arrangements for Walter today, and then immediately he needed to begin preparing to meet the French fleet. Marion stirred beside him. \"Is is morning?\" she asked, voice still rough from sleep. \"Not quite dawn,\" Robin replied. Marion rolled over to face him. \"I don't know how I'm going to get through today,\" she admitted. \"We will,\" Robin said with more confidence than he truly felt. \"We always seem to.\" When the sun was more directly shining through the bedchamber window they slipped out from beneath the covers and got dressed for the day. Walter had told Marion that he did not want a somber funeral, that the point of a funeral was to celebrate someone's life, and so he had asked that she wear joyful colors when he died, and not shroud herself away in black. While digging in her clothes chest, Marion came across the dress she had married Robert in. It was a beautiful garment, all white and cream with delicate lace at the neckline. She smiled, remembering how brimming with joy she had been on that day, so many years ago – the happiest she had been in her whole life, she had thought then. She pulled the gown out of the chest. There would be no better way to honor Walter's wishes than that. Though they had two days until the fleet arrived in the channel, it took an army time to organize and mobilize itself, Robin knew. The more time he could spend with the body of the army, helping to arrange, plan, and coordinate, the better. In order to do that, he would have to leave straightaway after the funeral. He hated to do it, but thought Walter would understand. So he dressed in his armor, which one of the house servants had thoughtfully polished for him and brought to the bedchamber sometime in the night from where he'd left it in the washroom. He pulled on clean clothes underneath, and then the armor. With a smile, Marion stepped forward to assist him with the lacings. \"You could be my squire at this rate,\" Robin noted. \"I've certainly seen more battle than some,\" Marion agreed, tying off the last of the lacings. She came around in front of him again and looked up into his eyes. \"Go on down to breakfast. I'll be a moment getting ready.\" \"Are you sure you don't need any help?\" Marion laughed. \"To a man who can't do his own lacings, I should trust mine? I'll be alright.\" She picked up her dress from where she had draped it across the bed and went over to the partition set in the corner. Just before slipping behind it she tossed Robin a saucy grin and disappeared from view. Robin went downstairs. He wasn't hungry, but knew as well as any soldier that food was scarce when the army was on the move, so he forced himself to choke down some bread and fruit. Besides, he had to wait for Marion before going out to the field where the menservants of the house had prepared Walter's funeral arrangements. Marion descended the stairs in a swirl of white. Robin turned and watched her graceful entrance. She looked like an angel coming down from Heaven, he thought, but kept that observation to himself. He offered Marion one of the apples from the bowl, but she shook her head no. Not able himself to eat any more, he offered her his elbow, and they departed Peper Harow for the church. Friar Tuck was on the front steps of the church, and what appeared to be every living man, woman, and child left in Nottingham clustered before him, standing room only. The crowd parted down the middle to let the Loxleys through to the front. Marion fought down her tears at the mutual show of respect the people had for Walter's memory. She and Robin went down the aisle they made and stood in the front row. Somehow, Robin's men found him and stood in a line on his other side to pay their respects as well. Friar Tuck gave a fine sermon on the merits of bravery and kindness, then Robin and his men stepped forward. Walter had been dressed in his finest – white, as well, Marion noted with a watery smile. She walked alongside the woven casket as Robin and his men lifted the box, a man on each corner, and they led the procession to the field where grass kindling for a bonfire had been heaped. The men gently lowered Walter in his basket on top of the chest-high pile and backed away, allowing Marion a few moments with Walter alone. Like a Viking warrior of old, Walter had asked to be sent off with his sword, which Marion made sure he had in his hands. She tucked an extra spring of wildflowers – also white – next to the sword. She almost laughed – he had died like a Viking, falling in glorious battle. She gazed at the wizened old face one last time, remembering the times Walter had been there for her, like a father she had not had growing up. \"Goodbye, Walter,\" she said, though no sound escaped her lips as they moved. Before she broke down completely, she clambered off the pile. She made her way to where Robin stood, his back straight as a lance, his face blank and solemn. As soon as she moved away, the menservants who had served Sir Walter Loxley closest, a couple of them for their entire lives, moved forward with torches in their hands. When she was clear of the kindling they laid their torches to the dry grass, at each of the four corners. The kindling ignited and the flames spread rapidly in a glorious burst, just as Walter had wanted. The crowd watched the fire burn steadily, then they began to leave, first in groups of just two or three, then in larger groups, until it was just Robin and his men, Marion, and Friar Tuck. It was time for Robin to go. He pulled Marion's hand through the crook of his arm and walked with her over to where his horse was saddled and waiting. At his move, his men moved off as well, to double-check their tack and provisions, and give him a moment of privacy. They reached the horse's side and Marion pulled her hand away. She turned and looked at the pyre while Robin made some adjustments to the tack. \"Once before I said goodbye to a man going to war,\" she said quietly, turning back to Robin. \"He never came back.\" And there it was – her greatest fear, laid out for him to see her in all her vulnerability, the biggest show of trust she could think to give him. Robin dropped the strap he'd been adjusting to study her. He knew what she was meaning. He stepped toward her. \"Ask me nicely.\" Marion found her first smile. It was going to be okay. He was going to survive and come back to her. He wasn't going to leave her, and he was, after this, going to be through with war. She stepped into him, so naturally it was as if she'd been doing it for years, and kissed him square on the mouth. It was sweet, it was giving, and it was a promise that she would be waiting for him upon his return. When she leaned back, she grinned at the stunned expression on Robin's face and had to kiss him again – this time, more playfully, just a brief peck on the lips. He knew what she was playing at. He gave her a half-grin and swung onto his horse. The sooner he got to the coast and defeated the French, the sooner he could get back to Nottingham and finish what he and Marion had started. He collected up his reins, the grey destrier dancing under him in anticipation. He held the horse in check and looked down at Marion, who was staring up at him with shining, trusting eyes. \"I love you, Marion,\" he said. He nudged his horse and caught up with his men who were waiting for him a short distance away. Robin didn't even take the time to pause. Once he was sure his men had turned and were following, he urged the horse up into a ground-eating, rocking-horse canter, and heard his friends keep pace easily behind him. With a sound akin to thunder, he heard Fitzrobert's and Baldwin's men also turn and fall into their place behind him. Together, they headed for the coast. Marion watched Robin and the other men leave for war. Tuck approached her and put a comforting hand on her shoulder. \"He'll come back,\" Tuck said reassuringly. \"Not to worry.\" \"Tuck,\" Marion replied thoughtfully, \"There's something I will need your assistance with.\" \"I'll help in any way I can, my Lady,\" Tuck replied cheerfully. \"Excellent,\" Marion said, turning and heading for Peper Harow. \"Find Loop. I'll need him, too. It's time to let the runaways of Sherwood get their first taste of real battle.\" Thanks for staying with the story! I still love comments and reviews *unsubtly winks awkwardly*[Chapter 9] Author's Note : Hey all, and welcome to the penultimate chapter! HEADS-UP: THIS IS THE BATTLE AT THE ENGLISH CHANNEL. So, blood, fighting, war - but just like last time, not horrendously explicit. ALSO ANOTHER CHARACTER DIES - still canon. Okay. Mwah. Keep reading. You'll do great. A day and a half of hard riding found Robin and the men he led at the White Horse: a stone structure built into the side of the hill, visible most clearly from far away. Robin didn't have time to marvel at the feat of stone masonry. As soon as he spotted Marshal with the other half of the English army (and King John), he pressed onward, joining up into one massive group of men at arms. \"What news of Walter and Nottingham?\" Marshal asked, riding out to meet Robin alone. \"Sir Walter is dead,\" Robin replied, face stony. \"Godfrey's hand.\" Before Marshal could express his sorrow or sympathy, King John rode up to them, interrupting. \"Gentlemen, we got to war,\" he announced loudly, circling the other two men. \"It is my first time. I shall lead. Ya! Forward!\" he said, urging his black destrier forward, up the middle between the two halves of the English army. Tellingly enough, none of the gathered men moved. Robin and Marshal glanced at each other, then followed after the King. The soldiers fell in quickly behind the real leaders. Now united as one English army, they rode hard for the coast, where the French fleet was in the process of landing. Above the beach was a sheer cliff that ran parallel to the water's edge. Men on horses were moving around on the sand, waiting to assist the approaching French boats to unload their crews of men and horses. Presiding over all was Godfrey. Robin, Marshal, King John, and the northern barons cantered easily up to the fork in the path. To the right would lead them down to the beach; to the left, up along the clifftop. Here they paused. Marshal, King John, and Robin were in the lead. \"That's a lot of French,\" King John observed dubiously, watching as they stormed the beach. \"What's to be done?\" Robin glanced over at Marshal. \"Archers to the clifftop.\" \"Cavalry to the beach,\" Marshal agreed. \"We'll await you there.\" Turning to his right, Marshal called, \"With me!\" and began leading the mounted soldiers on the right-hand path, towards the beach. \"Archers!\" Robin rallied his men and led them off on the left-hand path to the clifftop. King John awkwardly sat his horse in the middle. \"Excellent plan,\" he said, to no one in particular. No one was listening anyway, as the men efficiently divided themselves between the two commanders as per their weapon of choice and prepared themselves for battle. King John fell in with the group following Marshal and belatedly headed for the beach. On the top of the cliff, Robin had all the archers dismount and spread out in a long line, all along the top of the cliff. He anxiously rode up and down the line as the men drew a number of arrows from their quivers in preparation. Down below, Robin spotted Godfrey and had to fight back the curtain of red that threatened his vision. Off to the side, he saw Marshal lining up the horsemen for the first, impactful charge. On the far side of the line, Robin cantered back to the starting point of the line of archers. \"Raise arrows! Raise arrows!\" he shouted, the men picking up the call and all pulling their nocked arrows back, bows raised up to arc over to the beach down below. The last man in the line tossed Robin a war hammer, which he grabbed easily. \"Ready!\" When Robin was sure all the men had their bows ready, he sent out the command: \"Release!\" The shouted command was again passed down the line, and a hail of deadly missiles was sent flying to the beach, onto the heads of the unsuspecting French soldiers, whose attention was focused on the cavalry charge being prepared. The arrows thudded down in a menacingly buzzing hailstorm. French soldiers all over the beach dropped dead, their bodies riddled with arrows sticking out of them like pin cushions. Some of the arrows even made it all the way to the water, catching soldiers as they tried to swim and wade to the shore. Some, merely injured, succumbed to the water itself. \"Release!\" Robin shouted, sending another deadly volley of arrows down to the beach. The French were effectively now trying to defend themselves on two fronts – the cavalry in front and archers on the right flank – while also trying to just make it to the beach from their boats. With the element of surprise gone, Robin sent the order for half the archers to remount and led them down the other path to join up with the main body of the army for the charge. It was no good keeping all the archers where they were, as once the two armies clashed, the archers could just as easily hit one of their own men as one of the enemy in the sort of big, wild volleys they'd been sending. The small, professionally trained group of archers could pick their targets more carefully, and avoid damage by accident. Robin cantered steadily up ahead, joining the first rank of the charge, the ones who would hit the line of French soldiers who were digging in with their spears a ways down the sand. Down a smaller path rode a lone knight on a dark horse, leading a ragtag group of dirty boys on stocky, shaggy ponies. The lone knight pulled up his horse a couple of lengths ahead of the English army and waited for a commander to approach. Robin urged his horse faster to meet with the mysterious stranger. When he was close, he saw the knight push up his visor and squint at him. \"For the love of God, Marion!\" he shouted, surprised. She just watched him coolly. He had to admit, after the initial first shock of seeing her dressed in what he assumed was Walter's chainmail, he was not at all surprised to see her. She was proud, fiery, and loyal – of course she would lead a renegade band of Nottingham boys to help defend their home. He fell in love with her even more right then. \"Loxley!\" he shouted at her as his horse danced beneath him. He quieted the horse and sidled closer. \"Circle your troops, and then join the charge.\" In response, Marion firmly pulled down her visor and spun around to go gather her 'troops.' \"With me!\" she ordered, catching their attention and then turning, waiting for her chance to join the fray. By now, the front line of the cavalry charge had caught up to them. Robin easily turned his mount and joined the rank, and together they turned the horses loose. A familiar, menacing buzz, like a disturbed hornet's nest, filled the air, and another flight of arrows rained death on the French. The horses, hearing the sound and feeling the urging of their riders, leapt forward into flat-out galloping. Robin, in the front on the King's horse, leaned forward, pushing his horse, the war hammer held out still in his right hand, ready to crush enemy skulls with the momentum of the hammer's weight and the horse's speed. Another rain of arrows came buzzing to land amongst the French ranks. \"England!\" Robin shouted his war cry. In answer, a wordless shout rose up from the rank of horsemen behind him, adding to the symphony of battle. Suddenly they were there. His horse, trained for battle, unflinchingly ran over and trampled the French soldiers too slow or too stubborn to duck for cover, while Robin leaned out of the saddle and swung the war hammer at any French helmets he saw. The beach quickly descended into chaos, as most battles were. Robin was no stranger to the madness, though usually, he would have been stationed with the other archers, picking off his targets. This was more personal, and, as he continued swinging the hammer, more exhausting. Around him, soldiers continued to fall, both English and French. Occasionally, Robin's target fell before him with an arrow in his back. Men were being dragged from their horses and trampled in the confusion. Seeing that the men had punched right through the French defensive line, Marion raised her sword and kicked her horse forward, screaming \"Forward!\" The boys of Sherwood kicked their wily little ponies behind her, catching up on their scrappy mounts, giving their own array of battle cries and animal calls. They joined the heaving, confusing mass of men and Marion began laying about with the sword, inelegantly hacking with force at whatever tried to approach her and pull her down from her horse's back. It was ungraceful, but effective. Around her, the boys fanned out, using maces, clubs, slings, and other small, close-quarter weapons as well as they could. Behind Marion and the boys, the rest of the archers came riding down from the clifftop. The armies were well and truly enmeshed, and the risk of hitting their own soldiers was too great. \"Archers, forward!\" went up the call, and they formed their own rough charge, a scraggly line of horsemen, to bolster the English forces, the bright orange hair of Will Scarlet leading the pack. The archers joined up mostly with the boys of Sherwood, compensating both of their lack of skill in close combat with overwhelming numbers. Some English knights, their horses killed, injured, or run off, continued to fight on foot, including Little John, who fought better on his own two feet anyway, and had sent his horse running around the battlefield to add to the confusion. He became a whirling dervish then, his quarterstaff never still in his hands, laying great devastation all around him. Friar Tuck, too, was doing his very best, lending his skill with a staff to the English cause, a chainmail hood hanging half-hidden beneath his friar's cassock. Anxious at being held back, King John yelled, \"Forward!\" and charged into the battle as well. \"Protect the King!\" Marshal screamed, kicking his horse to follow closely behind John to protect him. He may not have liked this King very much, but it was the only King they had, and allowing the King to die today would play right into Philip's hands. The other barons quickly followed suit. In a momentary lull that spread around her, Marion lifted her visor and clearly saw Godfrey. An anger the likes of which she had never known before rose in her chest, almost choking her. \"This is for you, Walter,\" she muttered, and slammed the visor back down. She made straight for Godfrey. As the black knight was heading along the waterline, she urged her horse into close quarters with his, managing to unbalance him enough to push him off his mount and into the water. The water was shallow, however, and Godfrey quickly recovered his feet and made for this upstart knight who had dared to attack him so personally and so directly. Marion tried to maintain the advantage the horse's height gave her, but Godfrey almost embarrassingly easily pulled her from the saddle into the sea spray with him. Instead of allowing this other knight to get his feet and face him with a sword, Godfrey pushed him under the water, trying to drown the other knight. Robin watched as Marion was pulled off her horse and pushed beneath the waves. His only thought was to get to her before she came to serious harm. As Godfrey grabbed the front of her armor and pulled his sword back to run her through via the slit in her visor, Robin bore down on him, using the grey destrier's momentum to tackle Godfrey away from Marion, who continued to choke on seawater. \"Marion!\" Robin yelled, fighting against the water to reach her. Robin felt the water Godfrey inadvertently kicked up as he pulled his sword free and turned to face the threat, his sword raised to parry the blow from the black knight. Robin had his hands full just trying to block Godfrey's blows, which came one after the other. It was all Robin could do to simply block; he did not have the sword training Godfrey did. He'd have to find a way to disengage the black knight and let a more trained, experienced fighter take Godfrey. Even the best-laid plans made no difference during a battle, however. Robin glanced over his shoulder and saw two French vessels pushing inexorably towards him. His brain was already trying to come up with ways to either avoid being crushed, or use the boats to somehow gain an advantage over Godfrey. Perhaps if he were to get onto the solid deck of one he'd have the height over the other man… The boats pushing the water and the tide coming in combined were making the water level rise quickly. What had started around his ankles was already up around Robin's waist and was beginning to interfere with his ability to bring the sword up to block Godfrey's blade. And now, the boats were practically on top of Robin. Some French soldiers on the decks of these boats started harassing him from above, now, too, stretching Robin's defenses thin and distracting him from Godfrey's frontal assault. With one mighty wave, the two French vessels converged in a sickening groan and creaking of smashing wood. Godfrey looked for a way to get at Robin but was literally blocked by the walls of the boats. Robin did the only thing he could do – he gulped in a huge breath of air and ducked under the water. Fleeing French soldiers and the waves pushed the vessels apart again and Robin surged up, rising from the water like an angered river god of legend, his sword raised and ready to meet Godfrey's. However, Godfrey wasn't there. While Robin had been fighting the boats and the men on them, other soldiers had tried to engage Godfrey from the sides. Fighting them off, Godfrey glimpsed his horse, which had miraculously stuck close by him after he'd been pushed out of its saddle. As the horse truly panicked and started to run, Godfrey grabbed the reins and horse's mane in one hand, the saddle with the other, and used the horse's momentum and rocking gait to hoist himself into the saddle. This couldn't be happening – Godfrey was going to get away. Robin couldn't let that happen. He ran through the water to a dead French soldier and relieved the man of his bow and a single arrow. Robin nocked the arrow to the bowstring, pausing to hastily swipe blood dripping down his face from a gash in his forehead. Salt water stung his eyes. He put the pain and irritation aside and focused on Godfrey's cowardly, retreating back, now raised above the common level of the battle on his horse. Everything else seemed to fall away; it wasn't important. The only thing that mattered was the target – in this instance, the black square that was Godfrey's back, and the silver glint of the hood of his chainmail hauberk that hung down from his neck. Robin raised the bow and stared down the arrow's shaft, past the arrowhead, to the target. In his head, automatically, he went through the steps. His hand drew the bowstring back so his thumb grazed his cheek. The target was moving. He slowly, steadily, raised the bow to compensate, measuring the speed with which his target was fleeing with the angle of the bow. His muscles knew what to do. When he had the exact right elevation on the bow, he released the arrow, not so much out of conscious thought as instinct. Robin watched as the arrow flew straight and true. He wondered if Godfrey heard the arrow's song – the lethal buzz as it moved through the air at high speed – before it embedded itself through the black knight's neck. He didn't care. He threw the bow away from him and ran over to where Marion was, still on her back and in the water. God must surely be watching out for her, because she had not been attacked by any soldiers – they were probably too busy fleeing back to France to take notice of one soldier downed in the water. Robin reached her side and pulled her into his lap as he knelt down beside her. \"Marion!\" he pulled her up so her head was well clear of the water and gently eased the visor up. Blood mixed with salt water dripped off his face onto hers, making an ugly red stain on her cheek. As he made to pull her toward the beach, her helm fell off completely and floated beside her head. He put a hand to her face. At the gentle touch, Marion opened her eyes, realizing she was clear of the water's drag and being cradled against a familiar chest. Another drop of Robin's blood fell on her face and then she was engulfed by him, his presence, his smell, the feel of his arms around her, and his taste as he leaned forward and kissed her desperately. She put a hand to the back of his head to hold him there so she could kiss him thoroughly back. She ignored everything around her, even the waves that were pounding into them and doing their best to unbalance the two. The only thing that mattered was this man, whom she loved dearly. Robin slowly came back to reality. He was surrounded not by French soldiers disembarking their ships, but English soldiers pushing the French back into the Channel, menacing them, shaking their weapons threateningly. The French laid down their weapons, held up their hands in the universal gesture of surrender, and were making for their ships. Robin bent down and, just like in the bog, slipped one arm behind Marion's knees, the other already around her shoulders, and lifted her clear of the water. Exhausted by her efforts and the unfamiliar weight of the full chainmail, Marion allowed him to carry her, bridal-style, back to the safety of the beach. As Robin made his slow way to the shore – Marion in her armor and wet clothes was a lot heavier than last time – a great shout rose about him. In the back of his mind was the vague, glad idea that they had won, that they had defeated the French invasion fleet. Shouts of \"Longstride!\" and \"Robin!\" went up as the men saluted and cheered his victory. All he really wanted to do, though, was go home. On his way up the beach, he came across his horse. Glad the faithful beast had survived the ordeal, he assisted Marion onto its back and led them away from the battle. Before he had reached the fork in the path that had been the starting place, he had collected three more horses, which had calmed quickly after the excitement and craze of the battle and were looking for a leader to take them home. Robin happily transferred Marion to another horse and mounted his grey, and they set off for Nottingham, choosing to let the King, barons, and Sir William Marshal sort out the details of the victory and of the charter. Ooookay, folks, that's the last of the heavy-serious stuff. Glad you made it through the battle alright with me. Again, fight scenes are hard to write, so any feedback you can offer on that front is massively appreciated. Well, it's been a long journey, and we only have one more chapter to go - onward and forward![Chapter 10] Author's Note : You made it! Thanks for reading all the way to the last chapter! And can I just say on a totally irrelevant tangent, how excited I am that this story came out to 10 chapters (10 is my favorite number). ANYWAY... let's wrap this whole mess up. Once again, we have some great interaction with the runaways of Sherwood. I love the idea of another story set post-movie that looks at life in Sherwood and how these adults fit into the boys' world. Any thoughts and ideas are welcome! I present to you: THE FINAL CHAPTER A week later, the news had reached Nottingham of King John's refusal to sign the charter. Robin was not overly surprised by this news. He had seen many of King John's ilk before – men who lusted after power but lacked the charisma, force, levelheadedness, and head for strategy that marked out truly great leaders of men. But what could John really do to him, out here in the north country, surrounded by friends? For Robin was a leader of men – he had the respect of the Nottingham townspeople for returning their dignity and way of life to them, as well as proven himself a capable strategist and thinker and loyal, skilled fighter. The people liked him, and he always had a smile and kind word for them when they waved 'hello' to him from the fields when he rode by. As secrets were wont to do, it became known that he was not, in fact, Sir Robert returned, but plain Robin Longstride – hero of the battle against the French. Robin suspected Allan had a hand in spreading some tall tales of his deeds in the evenings, singing and drinking with the locals. The Sheriff of Nottingham got what he wanted – no longer landless, King John granted him the rights and ownership of Peper Harow and the surrounding countryside. He was, however, to maintain his duties as the local representative of the King's authority and remained Sheriff. So it was that Robin was told the Sheriff was due to make an announcement – direct from London and King John himself. Not wanting to miss this bit of news concerning his fate, Robin pulled the cowl of his hood further over his head and hid behind a nearby tree from where the Sheriff was due to make his announcement. A few minutes after the appointed time – the Sheriff was not big on punctuality unless it was his time being wasted – the Sheriff arrived, parchment in hand. He walked up to the tree that was used by the people of Nottingham as a wall for posted signs and turned to face the assembled townsfolk. \"Hear me! Hear me!\" he called for silence, even though the assembly was already silent, waiting to find out what King John had to say. The Sheriff was nothing if not full of his own self-importance. \"By Royal Decree: Robin Longstride, also known as Robin of the Hood, and all who shelter him or aid him, are declared outlaws of the realm, their properties forfeit, and their lives shall be taken by any Englishman on sight,\" the Sheriff read from the parchment in his hand. Finished reading, he gave the crowd a last look, then turned to the tree. With his right hand he held the parchment against the trunk, then realized he had come without a hammer or nail to affix the parchment to the trunk. He turned to the assembly. \"A nail, please, and a hammer,\" he gestured insolently for the tools to be handed over. No one moved. \"A nail!\" he yelled, impatient with these insolent peasants. From his hiding place Robin grinned. The Sheriff had a lot in common with King John, it appeared, and he could understand how the two were friends. Robin fitted an arrow to the bow he carried under one arm. The Sheriff hadn't come prepared with a nail and hammer – Robin would assist him. He was, after all, a man who liked to give back to his community. Robin pulled the string back, took careful aim, and released. As the arrow found its mark between the first two fingers of the Sheriff's hand, the crowd buzzed and craned their necks, looking for where the arrow had been shot from, but Robin had already left, knowing the arrow would find its target. The sound of the townsfolk's laughter at his joke followed him into Sherwood. Several meters inside the trees he found his horse exactly where he'd tied him. He took the reins, mounted quickly, and set off for the camp he and his men had made – well, joined, really: it was the boys' camp. Loop had offered them its use in exchange for what Robin had offered before – lessons in knot-tying, bow- and arrow-making, and other useful woodsman skills. Robin slowed his horse to a walk and was joined by Will, Allan, and Little John. Each man carried a string of rabbits or pheasants, their contribution to the efficient running of the Sherwood camp. Little John in fact was starting their career as outlaws on a high note, a poached King's deer slung easily across his strong, wide shoulders. They were joined by Friar Tuck, carrying a fishing pole and line, with a string of fish in his other hand and a look of triumph on his face. A number of boys came circling around behind the small band on their shaggy ponies, escorting them into the camp proper. As they approached, Robin looked up, and could just barely make out the shape of a boy high in the foliage of a tree, watching them approach, as vigilant as any sentry in the Tower of London. The camp thrummed with life as Robin led the small procession into the camp proper. Some boys were over to one side, practicing their knot-tying. Others were taking care of the camp ponies, leading them from one patch of grazing to another, grooming them, feeding them, and patting them. Others were busy at work repairing some of their mud huts, which were prone to the elements and disintegration. The huts were one of the first things Robin was going to work with the boys on improving. That and hunting – he could see a few boys returning with an occasional hare or fish of their own. Other boys returned with firewood and kindling scrounged from the forest floor. Some boys were busy stringing together old bones and hollowed out twigs with twine, making more of the spooky-sounding 'talismans' that were extremely effective at keeping other people out of Sherwood and perpetuating the myth that the forest was haunted. And in the center of it all was Marion, with the table to the side of the main fire she had set up with her medicines and healing herbs. She was spooning some sort of tonic into one boy's mouth. Checking to make sure he swallowed the medicine, she sent him on his way. \"Off you go. Come on,\" she said, gesturing for the next boy in line waiting for her ministrations. Marion turned at the men's approach and watched as, no sooner than Robin's feet hit the ground, a huge group of boys swamped him, each desperate for attention. And over their rabble Marion heard, \"Hey, boys. You've been practicing tying your knots?\" and saw Robin ruffle the hair of the boys closest to him. \"Yes!\" the boys replied, eager to show Robin how much they'd improved just that afternoon and win his approval. \"Have you been shooting your bow and arrows? Who hit something? Anyone?\" Robin was asking as he led his horse over to where the ponies were kept, the boys following in a massive, growing cluster. Marion came to the half-door of the quickly-constructed lean-to that served as her 'healer's hut' and watched the boys follow Robin about the camp, as if he was the Pied Piper, asking him questions, showing off their knots and new bows, and asking ceaseless questions. Marion smiled, thinking, The greenwood is the outlaw's friend. The orphan boys made them welcome. There were no taxes here or tithes for the church. Nobody was rich and nobody was poor – they were just people, coming together and helping one another out. And, most importantly, fair shares for all at Nature's table – no more worrying about seed corn or harvests, as all they needed they could hunt and gather in the woods. Sure, there were many wrongs to be righted under King John's rule… but Walter was surely looking over them and smiling. Marion, too, looked out over the camp that was now her home. Allan A'Dayle, Robin's companion, was sitting with Lettie, strumming his lute as he talked to her. Marion smiled – they would be a good match. Lettie was quiet, but, once convinced to perform, had a lovely singing voice that, in the long nights ahead, would be welcome entertainment, along with Allan's accompaniment. Will Scarlet was teaching one of the older boys how to cut up vegetables – they were going to have stew that evening, and no one was handier with a dagger than Will. Little John had deposited the deer carcass he carried by the smoker's hut, another recent addition to the camp, and then went over to the hut he would share with Sarah. Marion was very glad Sarah had found someone who appreciated her, and wasn't taking her on as charity. Sarah was a big, strapping woman, and had confided to Marion once that a lot of men felt intimidated by her size. Sarah also told Marion that Little John had laughed when she'd confided that sorry truth to him, and said she was 'just about his size and perfect in every way.' There would be a wedding soon, Marion knew. Robin had made sure to speak to every lad, whom he knew by name now, although he still sometimes got the twins mixed up. He spied Marion at her healer's hut, watching the goings-on around the camp. She had really taken to her new role as the surrogate mother of the Sherwood boys, as well as their camp healer. He picked up the last boy, tossed him in the air and caught him, like his father had done to him, and then set the little boy down on the ground. He had just managed to catch Marion's eye, and had been waiting for the boys to get through their greetings for him before he found his own homecoming. Marion caught Robin's eye and returned his wide smile. She made her way around the lean-to that was her domain and made straight for him. They met in the middle of the camp, Robin's arm reaching out to grab her, and she snaking her arm around him as well. Thusly entwined, they moved about each other, rotating, drinking in the sight of the other, for time apart was time wasted, at least, Marion felt. She had missed him, that was for sure. Sensing her joyful mood, Robin ceased their spinning and picked her up. Caught off guard, Marion set her hands on his shoulders to keep them balanced and laughed delightedly. Oh, how she loved this man. I have to admit, this is a bittersweet moment for me. I took a brief hiatus writing this story because I didn't want it to end. But I'm also extremely proud of myself for finishing it, because I am notoriously bad at finishing projects halfway through (and this was no small undertaking!). So now - go hit the like/review button(s) if you haven't already. My soul lives off of feedback from others, so any little bit helps. Let me know what you thought and suggestions for further stories in this universe (or I guess others if you really liked me/my writing style that much idk). I love you all, thank you again for sticking out this journey with me! Also - if you found this exercise in converting a movie to novel form, I encourage you to check out the actual published version of the movie novelization: Robin Hood: The Story Behind the Legend by David B. Coe... based on the screenplay by Brian Helgeland / and the story by Brian Helgeland and Ethan Reiff & Cyrus Voris I recommend the book highly, but then again, I'm a massive Robin Hood geek. Happy reading! ","Summary":" Author's Note (please read) : The story of Robin Longstride and Marion Loxley's relationship throug"},{"Movie":"Cold Mountain","Title":"Cold Moutain: A New Beginning","Author":"BreakingDawn17","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4713687","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is mynfirst story out of the Twilight Series. So please be easy on me. Inhad watched the movie last night. And, the ending was really sad.nInman dies at the end. So I decided that I would write/type a storynfor what the movie should have been like (or what my version would'venbeen like in the movie). It starts when Inman gets shot .Read thenchapter to find out more…. In my Breaking Dawn fan fiction in thenstart of each chapter I would put Renesmee's POV. I am NOT going tondo it in this story but in the first chapter only. ColdnMountain: A New Beginning Chaptern1 (Ada's POV) As Inman's bodynlay there in the snow I didn't want him to die I had lost him oncenbefore and I didn't want to lose him again. Then I looked to seenwhere the gun shot had been. Feeling around Inman's body I couldnfill the blood pouring out. Putting pressure on the wound I whisperednin Inman's ear, \"Just hold on, and don't die on my now please.nI love you.\" Ada pulled Inman gentlynas she had gotten close to the camp. Then she yelled, \"Rubi quicknInmans been shot! He's lost a lot of blood!\" Rubi ran to Ada shenthen said, \"Put him in the loft. The bullet might be in hisnstomach.\" The two of them had put him in the loft were Rubi'snfather had been the night before. Once Inman was on the hard cot Rubinwent to the wound where Ada was still putting pressure. Rubi thennsaid to Ada, \"Give me your coat so I can stop the bleeding.\" Adanquickly took off one of her coats and handed to Rubi. Rubi then handed Adanher knife to sterilize it. The fire was still warm so Ada put morenwood in. Once she had the fire blazing she asked, \"Have you stoppednthe bleeding?\" Rubi rubbed her arm against her forehead, \"Yeah,nall I need to do is get the bullet out. And put somethin' over it.nHe should be safe til we reach the farm.\" Ada finished sterilizingnthe knife and gave it to Rubi. She found the bullet and had seen thatnit didn't hit anything important his coats were his shield. Rubinsmiled and said, \"Ada I got the bullet out now. Let me tie thisncoat over his wound and we can hurry to the farm.\" I know that this isnreally short but I have other stories that I need to finish. Andnstart on another. Please review or I will not continue with thisnstory uf04a[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 As Ada and Rubi walkedncloser to the farm the snow had gotten harder. So, the snow was pastntheir ankles. After a few more minutes they reached the porch. Rubinyelled through the roaring wind, \"Georgia! Open up!\" He looked tonsee who was at the door and then opened. Rubi red faced from walkingnsaid, \"Thank you. Now move so I can take Inman to the back room.\"nIn an instant Georgia moved out of the way, \"What happened?\" Adanlooked at him, \"Inman was shot by a confederate solider.\" Georgianwasn't surprised by the news. \"Is the solider live or dead?\"nAda said, \"Dead\". Rubi and Ada placednInman in the spear room. While they put him in the bed he groaned anbit and opened his eyes. Ada smiled and said, \"Everything is goingnto be fine. Rubi and I are taking care of you.\" Inman looked up atnAda and whispered still in pain, \"I can see that I'm still alive.nThis isn't the first time I've been shot by a confederatensolider.\" Ada laughed, \"I see that you haven't lost your sensenof humor.\" Inman winced in pain, \"I am only this way when I'mnaround you Ada.\" Rubi then walked out tonget some fresh cloths for Inman's wound. Before she came back intonthe room Ada leaned down to Inman's reach and gave him thenpassionate kiss but gentle and said, \"Never leave me again. If youndo I don't know if I could stand it.\" Inman looked straight intonAda's eyes, \"I promise. I will never leave you again.\" Adankissed him again lightly, \"Good.\" By then Rubi came back andnsaid, \"The doctor won't be back til spring so I will try my bestnto keep the wound from infection. The bullet didn't hit anythin'nserious so that's good.\" She placed the wetncloth on his stomach, \"Now, I'm going to go talk to Georgia. So,ntry not to move much.\" Inman grinned, \"Alright. If I neednanythin' Ada will be here.\" Rubi nodded and walked out to thenother room. Once she was out of sighted Ada walked to the rockingnchair by the window, \"Sleep. You will fill better if you do. I'llnbe hear when you're awake.\" Inman turned his head towards Ada,n\"Just don't leave.\" Before she sat down Ada put her small handnon Inman's cheek, \"I won't\".[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 While Ada sat withnInman in the spear room Rubi went out to the barn where Georgia wasntending to the horses. The day was chilly but it finally stoppednsnowing. When she reached the barn doors Rubi stopped and took a deepnbreath and thought to herself, I can do this its just to see if henhas takin' care of the animal's right? You can do this. Rubi opened the doorsnand seen that Georgia was putting hay in the stalls. She shook hernhead and said, \"I see that you have done your chores while we werengone, any problems?\" Georgia looked up after taking the last of thenhay in the stalls, \"No, just fine. I did as you said, everythin'n\"Rubi sighed in relief, \"Well, that good. Ada is goin' to takencare of Inman well he's here. With my help of course, that meansntha' you will be workin' extra hard.\" Georgia smiled andnsaid, \"Your eyes look beautiful in this light Rubi.\" Shenstammered, excuse….me what did jus' say?\" He said, \"I wasnjus' complementin' on your eyes that's all.\" Rubi blushed,n\"Well, thank you. When you're finished with the chores here, Cannyou bring some wood in?\" Georgia a little more hay in and said,n\"Sure thing.\" Rubi then started to walk out of the burn butnGeorgia stopped her, \"how's Inman doin' better I hope?\" Rubinturned around, \"There was no damage just a little starch.\"nGeorgia smiled, \"That's good to hear.\" After that Rubi walkednback into the house to check on Inman and Ada. When she had gottennclose to the bedroom door she could hear Ada hum a beautiful tune.nRubi then walked in and whispered, \"I need to talk to you in thenother room.\" Ada nodded and followed Rubi out to the dinning room.nThe Ada asked, \"What is it?\" Rubi sat down at the table andnsaid, \"I'm goin' loony that is what. I went to go see Georgia.\"nAda smiled and sat down by Rubi, \"What did he say?\" Rubi startedncrying. Ada hugged her inncomfort and then Rubi said through her tears, \"He complemented onnmy eyes.\" Ada looked at Rubi and said, \"That is nothing to crynover. It's actually something very nice to say to a woman.\" Rubinlaughed a little, \"I know, it's just this is the first time thatnanyone has ever said anything about my eyes. I'm not cryin' sadntears, I'm cryin' happy tears.\" Ada hugged her once more andnsaid, \"It doesn't matter what you tell me Rubi, but, you'renfallin' for Georgia and he's fallin' for you.\" Ada thennstood up form her chair and seen Inman standing in front of her.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Inman still stood therenwhen he finally said, \"I thought I would join you two.\" Adanwalked over to him to give Inman some support to lean on. When shendid Ada said, \"You should be resting. Not be out here.\" Inman putnhis arm around Ada's shoulder, \"I have been in a room for so longnnow. I just want something different.\" Ada then helped Inman to anchair with Rubi pulling a chair out. Once Inman was seated Georgiancame in with wood in hand, \"Oh, I see that Inman is awake. Rubinhere is your wood that you asked for.\" Rubi wiped away thenrest of the tears before answering, \"Just put it by the fire place.nThank ya.\" Georgia walked over to the fire place and instead ofnlaying it there he started putting the wood in. Ada looked at Rubi innamazement and whispered, \"See, I told you.\" Inman then joined in,n\"I told you about what?\" Ada whispered in Inman's ear, \"Georgianhas something for Rubi.\" He looked towards Georgia and then back atnRubi, \"How long has this been going on?\" Ada grinned, \"SincenChristmas I think. Not for sure.\" Rubi then hissed, \"Willnyou too stop it. You're just makin' things worse.\" Ada andnInman laughed, \"How are we making things worse. We just think thatnits time that you find someone and settle down.\" Georgia finishednstarting up the fire and walked over to Rubi, \"Is there anythin'nelse that I could do for ya?\" Rubi said, \"No, would you like tonjoin us for some tea or whiskey?\" Georgia sat down, \"Tea,nplease.\" Rubi then walked to the cabinet and retrieved a tea cupnand hot water along with a tea bag. After an hour or sonGeorgia said, \"Well, I better get goin' it's gettin' late.\"nAda took a sip of her tea, \"It's nice to see you again Georgia.nWhy don't you come back in the morning? I'm cooking homemadenbiscuits and gravy.\" Georgia put his hat on his head, \"Sure.nAfter I get done with the chores I will stop by for somethin' toneat.\" Ada smiled, \"Good see you in the morning then.\" Before Georgia left henlooked at Rubi and asked, \"May I speak to you Miss. Rubi?\" Shennodded and walked out with Georgia. When they reached the doors tonthe barn Georgia said, \"I'm sorry if I offended you. Thisnafternoon, I was just giving you a comment on your eyes.\" Rubinlaughed, \"It's alright Georgia. I wasn't upset about youncommenting on my eyes. It just took me by surprise that's all. See,nyou're the first person that ever said anythin'.\" Georgiangrinned, \"Well then, you like to have dinner with me this Fridaynnight?\" Rubi looked up from thenground surprised, \"Do you mean on a date?\" Georgia laughed, \"Yes.nI guess you could call it that.\" Rubi put her arms around herselfntrying to keep warm, \"That will be great. Will seven o'clock bengood?\" Georgia rubbed his hands together, \"That's fine. I willnmeet you here in front of the barn doors.\"[Chapter 5] A/N: In the last chapter it talked about Rubi and Georgia. The upcoming chapter that you are going to read will be taken place while Rubi is outside talking to Georgia. And afterward, Oh! If you are wondering why Rubi is spelled with an I, is because in the movie she said that her name was spelled that way. Now let's get back to the story shall we. Chapter 5 While Rubi was outside Ada was putting away the tea set. Inman stayed in his seat just looking into the fire. Then all of sudden he asked Ada, \"Do you remember when you said that you would marry me in the loft last night?\" Ada turned around a tea cup in hand smiling at the memory, \"Yes, I remember. Why?\" Inman gently stood up from his chair and walked over to Ada, \"Let's make it official, in the spring here in the house or outside. The farm is a beautiful place to have a wedding.\" Ada laughed, \"You're joking right?\" She turned around to see Inman's face. He looked serious, \"I guess you're not. Well, let's do it! I did say that I would marry you.\" Inman smiled and kissed Ada passionately and after a second Ada said, \"Rub I can be my bride's maid with Sally. And, Georgia can be your best man along with Rubi's pa. What are we going to do after the wedding? I mean about Rubi. She's been staying here since you've been gone.\" Inman thought for a moment, \"If Georgia asks Rubi for her hand there won't be any problems. You will never know what will happen by next spring.\" The fire popped then and Ada walked over to move the wood around, \"That's true. But, you have to admit they are perfect for each other.\" Inman chuckled, \"I agree, they are both shy and loves to be out doors with the animals. Like you and I are meant to be with each other.\" She smiled at Inman and then looked down to the ground and back up again, \"Would you like to sleep with me tonight? Just sleep and nothing else, I'll sleep better if you do.\" Inman put his arms around Ada's waist, \"Show me the way.\" But before they retried Rubi walked in from outside. The wind blowing behind her, \"I've been asked for dinner Friday night! Ada he asked for me to come to dinner with him!\" Ada laughed at Rubi's joy, \"I'm happy for you Rubi. Truly, I am. Inman and I have our own news to tell you. We've set a date to be married. Well, it's not really a date but we're getting married in the spring!\" Rubi clapped her hands together, \"All that's holy! Congratulations!\" Ada broke away from Inman's hold and walked over to Rubi by the table, \"Would you please be my maid of honor? It would be a pleasure if you did. I'm going to ask Sally too to be a bride's maid.\" Rubi cried out with surprise, \"I would love to Miss. Ada. But I'm not good with sewin' or anythin' I'm just good for farm work.\" Ada waved her hand in dismiss, \"Oh well, Sally and I will take care of that.\" **** Inman then cleared his throat, \"Can we talk about weddin' plans tomorrow? It's gettin' late.\" Ada nodded and said to Rubi, \"I will see you in the morning Rubi.\" Rubi said, \"Sure thing remembers bright an early now.\" Ada laughed, \"Alright see a then.\"Ada left the fire burning so heat could come through the whole house. The oil lamps were turned down for the night and everyone retired for the night. All you could here is the wind outside As usual Rubi was the first one to get up the next morning. She went into the barn to milking the cows in the middle of the process Rubi heard someone come in, \"Good mornin' Georgia sleep well?\" He walked over to the wall to get a wooden milking bucket, \"Yes, I did actually ever since the war started to calm a little I have. I've got time to rest now.\" Rubi put the milk aside her, \"Good thing the war is calmed down I've had an enough of this violence an' the bloodshed of young men like yourself.\" Rubi rubbed the sweat off of her forehead with her elbow, \"And, the women worryin' about their lovers or women worryin' about their sons or husbands lookin' out the window everyday to see if they'd come back.\" In the house Ada laid aside Inman with his around her she could fill his breath on her neck. Quietly but gently she moved Inman's arm away from her body. Once Ada was dressed she went to help Rubi with milking. When she walked in Georgia and Rubi were locked in a kiss with worry Ada said, \"I'm so sorry for intruding!\" Rubi and Georgia unlocked surprise to see Ada standing by the entrance, \"Ada! I didn't hear you come in.\" Rubi blushed and Georgia moving away just a bit.[Chapter 6] A/N: I hope that everyone had a wonderful Holiday. I did. Anyway, here is chapter six of Cold Mountain: A New Beginning. If you have any questions just private message me. And, I will answer them. Chapter 6 Ada said in surprise, \"Oh ah, sorry to interrupt Rubi, Georgia.\" Ada turned around and headed towards the house again in amazement. When she reached the house and walked in she heard the fire going in the fireplace then Ada walked to the spear room to see if Inman was awake, \"Inman? You would never guess who I have just seen kissing in the barn!\" Inman yelled, \"Just hold on a second. I'm finishin' washing up. Who was it? Rubi and Georgia I'm guessing.\" She waited outside the door, \"Yes! Boy, I didn't think that they would go this fast did you?\" Inman came out of the room, \"I have no problem with them going so fast we did the same thing when we meet.\" Ada sighed, \"Well, that was different. You were leaving for the war and you're the one who kissed me.\" He smiled, \"Because I couldn't leave without kissing those pretty lips of yours.\" Before Ada could say anything Rubi came storming in, \"Ada! I'm so sorry. He snuck a kiss on me.\" Ada put her hand up motioning Rubi to stop, \"It just took me by surprise. So when is the wedding?\" Rubi said confused, \"What weddin'?\" Ada's lips went into a tight line, \"I assumed that Georgia asked you for your hand. I'm sorry.\" Rubi went into deep thought for a moment and asked, \"What if Georgia is planning to ask me on Friday?\" Ada started whipping the table, \"So what if he is. You can accept or not accept. It's up to you Rubi.\" Ada then looked over to Inman, \"Could you talk o Georgia and see what he has plans for on Friday?\" Inman took a bit of bread and nodded. Later that afternoon Inman walked outside to look for Georgia. But he wasn't in the barn or in the barn house. So, Inman decided to get a horse and go look for Georgia. Inman thought to himself, He has to be around here some where. Georgia shouldn't be hiding like this. After an hour or so Inman had seen Georgia pacing back and fourth in deep thought. Inman had gotten off of his horse and Georgia turned around in surprise, \"Oh! Inman it's just you. Ada and Rubi sent you to come and look for me did they?\" Inman took off his hat, \"No.\" he lied, \"I just wanted to come to see if you were alright. You look a little worried for some reason.\" Georgia took a deep breath in worry, \"I shouldn't have kissed Rubi. My plans have gone all wrong.\" Inman looked confused then he asked, \"What were your plans anyway? You're makin' me confused. Because I don't know what your problem is exactly. Georgia sighed a little annoyed, \"I was going to ask Rubi for her hand in marriage. But, the thing is I don't have a ring to give her.\" Inman just looked at Georgia in surprise. Then Georgia continued, \"I **** don't know what to do. And, Friday is just three days away.\" Inman had gotten his voice back, \"We can take the horse carriage and go see if the general store has anythin' but let me go back to the house and tell Ada that we are going to town.\" Georgia smiled and said, \"Thanks. I will get the carriage ready.\" Inman nodded and had gotten back on his horse. Inman reached the house porch and he could see that Sally had arrived and the three girls were going over wedding plans for Ada and himself. He took a deep breath and opened the door and walked in Ada looking at him, \"So did you talk to Georgia?\" Inman kissed Ada lightly on the forehead before saying, \"Yeah I did.\" Ada's and Rubi's eyes went wide at the news, \"So? What does he have planned?\" Rubi asked. Inman smirked, \"I decided not to tell. You can just handle the sapience til this comin' Friday.\" Inman looked back at Ada and motioned towards the door. She followed confused at the notion. Once the door was closed and they were safely away from people's ears Inman said, \"I'm going to the general store with Georgia to pick out a ring for Rubi. Just to look around. If there is anything I will come back to get some money.\" Ada thought for a moment and then said, \"So he is going to ask Rubi for her hand. Oh! How wonderful. We can have a double wedding!\" Inman looked worried from Ada's last two words. Before Inman said good bye Ada just suddenly ran to the fence and vomited. When she was finished Inman walked over to Ada's side, \"Are you okay. You look white.\" He then put a hand over Ada's forehead and said, \"You're not running a fever or anythin'.\" She whipped the sweat off of her face and said, \"No, I'm fine. Just go Sally and Rubi will be here.\" Inman hugged Ada and then went towards the barn to help Georgia with the horse and buggy. A/N: Sorry it's not long but I am getting a headache from staring at my laptop. I will try and update more soon. Note to Melissaturkey: you probably already know why Ada sick… it's getting closer of what happened at the end of the book…. Hint, Hint.[Chapter 7] A/N: In this chapter it will talk about Inman and Georgia going to the general store for Rubi's ring. The other half will be Ada and Rubi. Chapter 7 Inman and Georgia were strolling down a dirt road when Georgia asked Inman, \"What if Rubi won't accept my proposal?\" Inman smiled, \"Well first of all you don't know what her answer will be. Second then I guess we will have to take the ring back. I'm not only here just to get Rubi a ring I'm also going to get a ring for Ada.\" Georgia sighed, \"But, we don't have any money on us. How are we going to pay for it?\" Inman pulled the buggy to a halt. \"I told Ada that we would come back to get the money.\" Inman smirked as if keep something a secret. Georgia asked confused, \"What are you smirking at?\" Inman didn't say anything and jumped off Georgia did the same. The town's people were greeting Inman and Georgia while they walked into the only general store in Cold Mountain. When both Inman and Georgia walked in the store keeper Mr. Jennings greeted them, \"Welcome! How may I help you two gentlemen?\" Inman smiled at Mr. Jennings and asked, \"Do you have any jewelry stored? Georgia and I are looking for engagement rings.\" Mr. Jennings yelled at the good news, \"Congratulations! 'm boy\" Both Georgia and Inman laughed at the store keepers enthusiasm then Inman said, \"I had already asked Ada I'm just getting a ring for her. The wedding is set for the spring. But, I am here to help Georgia here.\" He looked at Georgia and continued, \"To get Rubi a ring. He's going to ask her to marry him this Friday night.\" Mr. Jennings had smiled at Georgia and said, \"Well, your lucky I just had a package come in yesterday full of jewelry in the back. Just wait here and I will go get the rings.\" Georgia nodded along with Inman. Then Georgia continued their conversation from outside, \"So why were you smirking on the way over here?\" Inman looked confused then remembered, \"Oh that, it's just that Ada doesn't think that I have money on me. The other thing is she doesn't know that I'm going to get a ring for her.\" Inman sighed, \"I'm also worried.\" Georgia asked, \"Why?\" Inman fiddled with is hat, \"Before I had left to come into town. Ada had vomited out of the blue. She doesn't have a fever or anythin'.\" Georgia shrugged his shoulders not knowing why Ada would vomit like that. Then Mr. Jennings came back into the view with a wooden box in his hands. The store keeper put the box on the counter and took out three rings. Mr. Jennings brought out the first ring it has a gold band with a rope design around it. Inman looked at the ring a little closer and said, \"But, this ring has another one that goes with it. It looks more like a wedding ring then anythin'. Can you keep this one out?\" Mr. Jennings nodded. **** He then took out another Georgia's eyes went wide at the ring that was right in front of him Georgia asked, \"Can I see that one?\" Mr. Jennings handed him the ring. The ring looked like a golden ring but had small white diamonds in the ring itself. It also had a wedding ring out the diamond was bigger then the engagement ring. Georgia looked at Inman and asked, \"Do you think that Rubi would like this one?\" Inman said, \"I don't know to tell you the truth. Rubi probably wouldn't care as long as she gets a ring.\" Georgia smiled and looked back at Mr. Jennings, \"How much do you want for this one? With the wedding ring to go with it, not much I hope.\" The store keeper went into deep thought and then said, \"fifty dollars for both rings. That is my final offer.\" Georgia looked back down at the rings in his hand and said, \"Forty. That's all I have.\" Mr. Jennings sighed in frustration, \"Deal.\" Georgia smiled real wide and handed Mr. Jennings the money for the rings and then Mr. Jennings grabbed a little black velvet box to put the rings in. Mr. Jennings then looked at Inman and asked, \"So, have you made up your mind on what you want for Miss. Ada?\" Inman said, \"No, not exactly. See Ada is used to big and fancy stuff. An' I don't have the money for somethin' like that.\" Mr. Jennings put back the last ring that was on the counter but left the two golden rings that Inman started to look at. Then he took out another ring. This ring looked more beautiful then the first one. The band was white gold with a circle spiral around it. With white diamonds engraved in the band. And, a circled diamond in the middle with leaf pedals as the rim. Inman smiled and said, \"This is it! This is the ring!\" Mr. Jennings laughed at Inman's giddiness, \"Good. This ring here cost about sixty dollars with out tax. That is the lowest price and I can offer you.\" Inman nodded and said, \"I will give you half now and half later.\" Mr. Jennings started to put back the ring that was on the side of Inman and said, \"That's fine with me. Just pay the other half that's all I'm askin'.\" Inman shook Mr. Jennings hand and said, \"That's a deal.\" Before Inman and Georgia left Mr. Jennings have the same small box to Inman and said, \"Nice to make business with you two gentlemen. Come back now yea' hear.\" Inman and Georgia shook the man's hand and said in unison, \"Yes sir.\" And then both Inman and Georgia head back to the farm. Back at the house Ada was in the bathroom washing her face from sweat. And Sally on the other side of the door worried, \"Ada? Is everything alrigh'? Ada washed her mouth with water and said, \"Yes. Everything is fine Sally.\" Then Ada walked out and Seen Rubi and Sally standing next to the doorframe then Rubi said, \"Wow, Ada you look horrible.\" Ada straightened out her dress, \"Thank you Rubi.\" She then walked back to the table where all of the plans were laying. She sat down in a chair and looked at a peace of paper and looked back at Sally and asked, \"Where you like this when you were pregnant with your first son?\" Sally thought back at the memory, \"Yes I was… Do you think that you're pregnant Ada? It's been almost a month since you were with Inman.\" Ada thought back and remembered everything that happened that night. And came back to reality, \"Oh no, oh no. What am I going to tell Inman? **** Sally sat down by Ada and said, \"Just tell him. Inman might love to have a little child running around. When I told my husband he was so happy when I told him he hugged me so tight that I couldn't breath\" Sally laughed at the memory. Ada stood up, \"But we are just now starting to get to know each other. Starting a family? Inman doesn't even have a job. And I'm planning this wedding. I am not going to be able to fit in my dress!\" Rubi sighed, \"We will be able to fix your dress Ada you don't have to worry. Just tell Inman.\" Rubi looked out the window then and, seen the buggy comes toward the house. \"Just in time. They're back.\" Ada looked up from the fire and walked over to the window, \"Go. Now before he comes in. I don't want anything to be suspicious.\" A/N: I hope that you like this chapter I did. Here are the links to the rings that I had used: Georgia's ring: ./wp-content/uploads/2008/02/gold_solitaire_engagement_wedding_ring_set_ Inman's first choice: .com/file_thumbview_approve/3840291/2/istockphoto_ And the final choice for Ada: . Review back to me and tell me what you think about my ring choices. Thanks, BreakingDawn17[Chapter 8] A/N: In my lastnchapter the link to Ada's engagement ring wouldn't show up. So,nif you want to see the ring just send me a private message and I willngive the link to you. But, all of the other links are posted innchapter 7. Chapter 8 Inman walked in whilenSally and Rubi walked out. Ada took the fire out for the weather wasnwarming up. After she put out the fire Ada started to open thenwindows. Inman walked over to Ada side to help when he asked, \"How'renyou filling? You're still a little pale.\" Ada took a deep breathnand looked out the window while saying, \"I'm a little betternstill sick but alright.\" Inman put his hand over Ada's, \"Let'sngo outside to get some fresh air.\" Ada nodded and walkednout to the porch Inman behind. The weather was warming so that was ansign that spring was coming. Then that reminded Ada, \"Inman,neverything is planned for the wedding. But, you need to find a tux ornask Sally to make you one. We only have a few weeks until thenwedding.\" Inman turned to Ada, \"Don't worry. I have my pa'sntux. He had left it to me in his will. Funny really, my plans werenplanned to never be married just to be an old man for the rest of mynlife. Until I meet you. I guess my pa thought different.\" Inman kissed Adanlightly on her lips before she asked, \"Why didn't you think thatnyou would ever be married. You're charming, handsome, and loving.\"nInman laughed, \"Thanks for the compliment.\" He put his hands onnAda's waist to pull her closer and asked, \"Have I told you that Inloved you today. And how beautiful you look in this light?\" Adanblushed, \"No, not today.\" Inman said, \"I love you Ada so much.nYou also do look beautiful in this light the sun coming down. Itnlooks like God had sent me my own personal angel from heaven.\" With the words comingnout of Inman's mouth it was making Ada's body melt all over. Hernheart beating faster by the second, then she said, \"I'vensomething to tell you. So, please stop making me lose my focus.\"nThey had reached the creek behind the house so Inman sat down on anrock with Ada beside him, \"What is it?\" Inman getting a littlenworried. Ada took a deep breath hold her tears, \"You know how I'venbeen getting sick all of a sudden and dizzy. Inman nodded littlenconfused to where this was going, \"Well, Sally came to visit thisnmorning. When you went into town with Georgia, and well, I did itnagain after lunch.\" Inman frowned confused,n\"I don't understand where this is going…\" Ada sighed crying,n\"I'm pregnant. I don't know yet but I've got all of the signsnfor it. That is was Sally says. She said that she did the same thingnwhen she was pregnant with her boys.\" Ada whipped the tears way andnsaid, \"Please don't be upset. I know that you have been worriednabout the wedding. As of me, this wasn't planned.\" Inman put anhand up and said, \"Calm down. You don't know if you are going tonhave a baby yet. We can go to the doc in town so you can get checknout.\" *** Ada took a deep breathnand asked, \"What did you want to say? You've been acting nervousnsince you came back with Georgia.\" He looked surprised at thenquestion and said, \"Oh…well, ah, yeah know how you don't have anring and all?\" Ada nodded not understanding. Inman put his freenhand through is thick blonde hair and took something out of hisnpocket and kneeled down to one knee, \"Ada? Would you take the honornto be my wife?\" Tears started pouringndown Ada's face again, \"Yes, Inman I would love to be your wife.\"nInman stood up slowly from the ground (injures from the war.) and putnthe ring on Ada's ring on her left hand, fourth finger. She lookednat the ring admiring the design, \"You paid to much didn't you?\"nInman shrugged, \"You derive the best.\" Ada looked up at Inman,n\"Money doesn't matter to me. As long as you're with me I don'tncare what I get.\" With that Inman reachednfor Ada and they both locked into a kiss, passionate, but loving. ThenInman asked, \"Do you fill like going into town to see the doc? Hendoesn't close til late.\" Ada hugged Inman tightly, \"What if I'mnexpecting? What are we going to do?\" Inman looked into Ada's eyesnserious, \"I will be there every step of the way.\" Ada smiled andnthen they both started to go to the buggy still waiting in front ofnthe house and after Inman helped Ada on to the buggy Georgia came outnready to put way the horses, \"Where're going into town. We shouldnbe back in a few hours.\" Georgia nodded and Ada added, \"There isnsome fresh baked bread on the table with some butter I churned thisnmorning. You and Rubi can help yourselves.\" Georgia nodded again innunderstatement, \"You'll be careful now. Miss. Ada, Inman\". Adansmiled in thanks and Inman tipped his hat in good-bye and they werenoff to town. The streets werenstarting to empty and stores were closing for the night. Before Inmannand Ada reached the doctor's office she said, \"We might have tonwait until in the morning.\" With hesitation, \"We can still checknto see if Doc Barker is in.\" Ada nodded with nervousness. After anfew moments both Inman and Ada walked to Doc Parkers office, with onenknock a teenage girl with pajamas answered the door asking, \"Can Inhelp you?\" Ada said, \"Yes. Is Doc Baker in?\" the teen girlnlooked at both Ada and Inman, \"What's the emergency?\" Ada tookna deep breath, \"We need Doc Baker to examine me. It's nonemergency.\" The girl opened thendoor a little further, \"Come on in. You will have to wait a fewnminutes he's in the back room with another patient.\" Once theynwere seated the teen girl went back up stairs to bed. Two secondsnpasted and the doctor came out with a small boy in his father'snarm, \"He should be fine for tonight but if there're is anynproblems just call for me.\" The parents then left with they'renson, and said goodnight. After the two parentsnleft the doctor looked at both Ada and Inman and asked, \"What can Indo for you?\" Ada blushed, \"I need to examine me. I'm notnfilling that well.\" Doc Baker rubbed his hands together, \"Come innthe back room and I will examine you.\" When they walked into thenexamining room the doctor asked, \"So, what the symptoms?\" Ada satnon the table and said, \"I can't hold any food down, I'm tirednall of the time.\" *** Doc Baker sighed andnsaid, \"Lay down please, my hands maybe cold sorry.\" Ada did whatnshe was asked and Doc Baker started to examine her, \"Can younunbutton your dress for me?\" Ada unbuttoned the middle of her dressnand Doc Baker started examining again then asked, \"What's thenmatter?\" Doc Baker stopped the examination and said, \"It'snseems like you're six weeks along in pregnancy.\" Ada startedncrying and laughing, \"Sally was right. Just by my actions thisnafternoon.\" The doctor washed his hands, \"I assume that you knewnthat you were with child?\" He looked through his spectacles waitingnfor an answer. Ada carefully jumpednoff the table. Doctor Baker hurrying to her side, \"You need to benmore careful Miss. Ada.\" She nodded and finished buttoning up herndress, \"I will. Can I go now?\" Doc Baker walked over to hisnmedicine cabinet and took out some vitamins for you. Take them twicena day once at night and another in the morning.\" Ada sighed andnwalked out Doc Baker following, \"You need to come back in two weeksnso I can examine you again.\" Inman stood up from hisnchair, \"So? What is it, anything wrong?\" Ada smiled, \"Seemsnlike Sally was right. I'm with child.\" Inman eyes went intonsurprise and then hugged Ada tightly around the waist, \"We'renhaving baby?!\" She nodded in joy, \"Yes! You're going to be andad!\" Inman whirled Ada in a circle and he started laughing withnjoy then Ada said, \"Stop, you're going to make me get sick. I'mnstill a little queasy.\" Doctor Baker laughed, \"I've never sinensome act as happy as you are Inman.\" Ada laughed again, \"Wenplanned on starting a family just not this early. I mean after thenwedding a few years. It just means that we're starting a family anlittle earlier.\" After a few moments ofnconversation Doctor Baker said, \"Well, if you don't need anythingnelse. I'm retiring for the night.\" They said their goodnights butnbefore they walked out Ada asked, \"Who was that young girl thatnanswered the door when we arrived?\" Doc Baker looked over hisnshoulder, \"Oh, my granddaughter Mary is visiting me for a monthnwhile her parents go to New York for a trip.\" Ada nodded, \"Well,nif you would like Mary can help me and Rubi along with Rubi with thenfarm. Like you said I'll need to take it easy.\" The doctornsmiled sleepiness, \"She will be there around nine o'clock.\" Adansmiled, \"Thank you. Goodnight doctor.\" Once Inman and Adanstepped out Doc Baker locked the door behind them. They looked atneach other and then Ada said, \"Lets go home.\" ","Summary":" A/N: This is mynfirst story out of the Twilight Series. So please be easy on me. Inhad watched the "},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"Take My Heart, I Don't Care","Author":"BloodRedSnowWhite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6811645","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ughh. hit me, I don't care. It's terrible, I know. but I was half-asleep. sorryyyy. \"Don't swear,\" Bug whispers in the dark. Bug never cussed in his life. He had once but he had been told it was wrong from his mother. He heard it from Leah, thinking it was okay since she said it so many times in one sentence. He thought it was probably some kind of cool word people used. But he was wrong, his mother told him so. \"That's a bad word.\" Alex lay still beside him, their backs pressed against each other. He had been ranting about Quint showing where he had hit him. He turned red with anger, even cussing while Bug lay quiet beside him. Alex sighed, turning to face his friend. They had made a pact when they were younger, at the age of five, to promise each other that they would always be beside each other no matter what happened. Bug turned, their faces close to the other, but it didn't bother them. They spent nights like this, ignoring the outside world. Bugs breathed stank. Alex groaned, pushing him away. \"Bug, gross! What does May feed you?\" Bug cupped his mouth and ran to the washroom. He came back, sucking in his teeth. Alex had his arm over his head, covering his eyes and he looked like he was asleep. But Bug was wide awake and he didn't want to sleep yet, though the clock read close to midnight. He blew his minty-fresh breath at Alex's face. His nose twitched and he moved his arm. \"Better?\" He asked as he slipped under the blanket. Alex was still wearing his jeans and his sweater and he was shivering. He had come through the window just fifteen minutes ago and the coldness on his clothes was still there. Bug wanted him to take off his clothes, he could borrow his clothes. It was snowing tonight and the snow made his bed yet. Alex's clothes were wet now, but he actually looked comfortable beside him. Alex moved in closer, his mouth close to his ear. Bug turned his head, wrapping an arm over his shoulder. Alex Dunkleman, his best friend. \"You're freezing .\" \"Is it bothering you?\" He didn't answer. The wetness of his clothes seemed through his but it wasn't that that made him shiver. It was the warmth of Alex's breath against his skin. He didn't want to say anything to make him get up. He didn't care as long as he was near. Even if Alex could read his mind, he still got up. He took off his sweater but kept his jeans on, returning back to Bug.[Chapter 2] And again, I was still half asleep. -_- May is surprised to see Alex again for the third night. But she lets them be. Bug had fallen asleep, Alex was still wide awake. He heard the door open and saw the frame of May's shoulders in the darkness. She closed the door as quietly as she could. Alex turned and faced Bug again, taking his hand in his. Subconsciously, Bug squeezed and moved in closer. He sighs. \"Still awake?\" He asked without opening his eyes. Alex nodded, though Bug couldn't see his reply. Bug buried his face in Alex's chest, inhaling his scent. He doesn't care at times when they are together, but he isn't dumb and he didn't think Bug was either. He noticed the way they acted with each other when they were alone. The touching, the closeness and the way they didn't step back when they were so close they could feel each others breath. He decided to ignore it at first but he wasn't getting tired of it. He wanted to ask if Bug noticed. \"What is this?\" \"What's what?\" Bug asked with a big yawn. \"This.\" Bug finally opens his eyes. Alex waves at the both of them and sighs heavily. Bug's eyes are narrowed. They were fifteen years old, nearly sixteen and Bug still acted so childish. A little slow. But that was one of the reasons Alex liked to spend time with him. He felt needed. Bug didn't understand some things and Alex was there to help him. He kind of liked being there. They both listened to Leah coming in through her window in the next room, still staring at each other. Bug was confused at the question, wondering what he meant. \"What do you mean?\" His eyes were wide, curious. Alex bit the inside of his bottom lip. \"I mean, what are we?\" Bug was more confused and he propped himself on his shoulder, looking down at Alex. He admired Alex's eyes, the color of them and how they looked so empty sometimes. \"Whatever we are, it's whatever we want it to be.\" \"That doesn't help.\" Alex sighs annoyed and sits up. He turns to leave but Bug stops him, taking his arm. \"You're not going, are you?\" Alex falls back down, leaning against Bug. He feels helpless in a way. He was confused as well, not knowing where they exactly stood. \"You can't just go back home, not while Quint is drinking.\" You have enough bruises. He whispers to himself. He avoids the bruise on Alex's arm and pulls him closer him against him. \"You make me whole.\" Alex doesn't look at him when he says that, averting his eyes and turning a shade of red. Bug smiles and rests his chin on his shoulder. \"I'll take care of you tonight.\"[Chapter 3] The whole story is kind of sappy, ain't it? ughh. :/ This time, Alex fell asleep, sleeping quietly alone on the bed. Bug sat on his desk, abandoning his chair, looking out the window. What had he meant when he said, \"What is this?\" The question wondered around his thoughts, leaving him restless. He wandered around the room, quietly as possible, Alex leaving him with his thoughts. He wanted him to be awake; he wanted to ask him again. But lately, Alex barely slept, with Quint waking him up in the middle of the night. He didn't want to know what Quint does to him. But the bruises on his body made it clear. He didn't know what to do about it. He could call the cops but Alex would hate him for it. If he did, he could be taken away because Alex doesn't have any other family in town. His grandparents lived somewhere else, far from Riverton. \"What are you doing?\" Alex's voice snapped him out of his thoughts. Bug smiled in the dark, feeling warm inside. Alex sat up, looking at him. The light from outside his window showed his face. \"I couldn't sleep.\" He stayed on the desk, looking at his friend. \"Go back to bed, Alex. You need it.\" \"I'll sleep when I'm dead.\" He sighs loudly, getting up and turning on the lamp. It both hurt their eyes and they had to squint to keep them open. \"What are you thinking about?\" The sun was ready to come up but it was still dark. They could both see the sun just barely showing behind the trees. \"Nothing of interest.\" \"Are you sure because lately, you've been lost in that head of yours more than usual?\" He laughed even though there was nothing funny. Bug smiled and leaned against him, taking handfuls of his shirt in his hands. Alex sucked in his breath. Bug let go, hoping he hadn't hit his bruise. \"Ow.\" \"I'm sorry.\" He backed away, bumping into his desk. \"It's alright, Bug.\" He put a hand to where his bruise was. \"It's not a problem.\" He looks so innocent, too caring for his own good. May raised him well. \"I don't like seeing you like this.\" \"There's nothing you could do, really.\" He forces a laugh. Bug looks down at his feet, feeling useless. \"Stop pouting, already. It's not a good look on you.\" Bug rolls his eyes, feebly pushing him out of the way. Alex watched him disappear under the blanket, Bug turning his back to him. Alex stands there for a long moment, looking around the room and then back at Bug. He hears a tiny whisper, just loud enough for him to hear. \"Come.\" He smiles. \"Alright, alright, I'm coming.\"[Chapter 4] I just want to finish a story without deleting it. So however you find this, I'm cool with it. I personally think I could do better. I'm just speeding past this. -_- The house is quiet when they wake up. Normally, the television is heard from downstairs during the weekends or Leah's music from the next room. But it's oddly quiet. A note sat on his night table, reading that May was out for the day and Leah left as well. They went downstairs and Bug grabbed a saucer from the cabinet and boiled some water. Alex stayed close behind, a habit they both have. \"Alex? Are you worried about this years Ripper day?\" Bug mumbled barely audible to his friend. Alex had to stay still and lean forward to hear him. They were in the kitchen; Bug was boiling water to make hot chocolate. It wasn't a question they would normally ask, the day they all shared their birthdays, but mainly, shared the day of the death of the psychopath, Abel Plenclov. \"Why would I be bothered by someone who died sixteen years ago?\" Alex said, taking a bite out of the apple he picked out of the basket. \"I meant, who Brandon will pick, we've done it ever since we could.\" Bug said, fiddling with the hem of his wool sweater. Every year, they would make a doll of the Ripper and since the start; Brandon would be the one who would pick to 'kill' the Ripper. Alex looked at him, titling his head to the side. He touched Bug's chin and smiled. \"Don't worry about it; he'll probably pick himself again. He's done it before to impress everyone else.\" Bug grinned and rolled his eyes. He poured some of the hot water into a mug, hissing when it dripped down to his fingers. \"Want some?\" He asked, while trying to rip open the bag of powdered hot chocolate mix. He failed and tried opening it with his teeth. Alex sighed, shaking with head but had a tiny smile on his lips. He reached over his shoulder and took the bag from him. He cut it open with a pair of scissors and gave it back to him. Bug looked at him, blankly. Alex gave him an innocent look, raising his hands. \"Just trying to give you a hand.\" \"Well, I almost had it.\" He pouted, pouring it. He stirred it until it blended with the water with a spoon. Alex watched him, standing close behind him. Bug hardly noticed, instead only felt the warm comfort of Alex's breath. \"Are you sure you don't want some?\" He asked. He hissed in pain when he accidently spilled more on his finger. Alex took his hand and without thinking, put Bug's index and middle finger in his mouth. Bug gaped open his mouth, looking at his friend. Alex didn't realize what he had done until he locked eyes with him. Bug cleared his throat, taking back his hand and rubbed the back of his neck. \"So how 'bout it?\" He asked again, pointing at the hot chocolate.\" \"Maybe later.\" Alex said, looking down at his feet. Bug looked everywhere but Alex, and then realized something that made him suck in his breath. \"Brandon will pick me this year.\" He looked away when Alex looked at him. \"He hasn't picked me yet, what if he picks me this year?\" \"It's not a big deal, Bug.\" He leaned in forward and this time, for the first time, Bug stepped back. Alex tried not to notice. \"You just have to knock over the damn thing.\" \"Knock it over.\" It wasn't really a question, more like he said it to himself. He actually tried to think of Ripper Day, but he found it hard, when what happened with Alex had given him shivers. He doubted it was the kind that made him sick. \"That's it.\"[Chapter 5] -_- I suck. They sat on the couch, a foot or two distances, between them. Alex played with the remote, changing the channels. There was nothing good on and instead they only entertainment was watching people getting cut off. It was a game they invented, giving each channel five seconds before changing it to another one. A man with a bald cap said something really fast and then finished off taking a huge breath, eyes wide, saying \"omg\" with a nasal tone. Bug snorted and Alex rolled his eyes, changing the channel. But they could not focus on the game. They couldn't ignore the tension between them. Bug didn't know what to say but he desperately wanted to break the silence. He looked down at his mug, half empty; Alex's favourite part, where it was a lot sweeter. He considered giving it to him but he was scared, his heart beating ten times faster. But he forced himself, tapping Alex's shoulder with his finger. \"Want some?\" Alex didn't even look at him, kept his eyes on the mug and took it with a small nod. 'What is this?' he pictured him saying it again in his head once more. What did he mean by that? And he gave him a stupid answer, not even understanding what he had said. But whatever 'this' was, he wanted it. He didn't care what they were, he just wanted it. Alex completely titled his head back, drinking it all. He moaned and slumped back into the couch. He belched loudly and sighed, with a lopsided grin on his lips. Bug grinned, smugly, knowing he put the right amount. Bug had to admit it, he knew him too well. He felt stupid for not realizing it soon enough. They were right, he was slow. Alex had a moustache and before he reached to wipe it, Bug leaned down and licked it, and brushing his tongue on his nose. They both looked at each other. Alex's eyes were big and round. Bug was barely phased of what he had done, instead looked at him calmly Alex wiped his mouth and looked pissed. He got up and disappeared from the room. He couldn't just walk out because he had nowhere else to go and he wouldn't admit it, he didn't want to leave. He sat on the bottom of the stairs, hand knotted in his hair. Bug came in and stood in front of him. Alex looked at him, red with anger. He didn't know what to say. Shivers when done his spine when Bug put a hand on the back of his neck and he couldn't stop himself when Bug leaned down, they kissed.[Chapter 6] -_- i give up. Here's the end of the story. Hope some of you at least liked it. Maybe I'll write another one. Something better. :/ There was something so innocent and child-like in Bug. Alex was jealous, he would admit that. The way his bangs, overly grown, fell over his eyes indicated that he was any other teenager. Insecure. But he refused to cut them; he wouldn't let May trim them. Alex knew why but he was afraid to admit it. \"I like your hair long,\" he had said just a couple weeks before. Bug had blushed and Alex was dumb enough to not think much of it. The kiss felt useless. It felt like they were only closing their eyes. Bug imagined he would see fireworks, like in books, but he didn't see anything but darkness. Instead, he only felt closer to Alex, as if before he was so far away. Alex was gripped his shirt, taking in handfuls. Even if the kiss felt like nothing, he wouldn't trade this for the world. This was where he wanted to be. Alex suddenly pulled away, wiping his mouth. He was still red, eyes glaring. \"You're an asshole Bug.\" He pushed past him, heading for the door. Bug almost watched him leave but he didn't want him to go. He grabbed him by the arm. Alex pulled free and grabbed the doorknob. Bug grabbed him from the back, wrapping his arms around his waist. \"Don't go.\" Alex never could imagine Bug sounding so helpless and he would never could again. \"You're here. I'm here. Promise me you will never leave again?\" Alex didn't know what to say. Was this what he wanted? It felt like it. Something inside him left and Bug filled in the hole. He wasn't sure what this feeling was. He imagined it something like love, 'love' was a stranger to him. His mother had died before he had any memories of her and Quint never showed him anything but his fist. Bug. Bug, the person he loved. He nodded, closing his eyes. Bug smiled, holding him tighter as if he was about to disappear. \"I'm here.\" ","Summary":" ughh. hit me, I don't care. It's terrible, I know. but I was half-asleep. sorryyyy. \"Don't swear,"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"Soft Little Secrets","Author":"The Emcee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6432974","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Okay, there is no way I can get away with this three times. I mean, this will be the forth My Soul to Take story. But… I cannot help myself. I'm always thinking about what to write next about this movie simply because there are so many possibilities. That and I want Fan Fiction to create a new category for this movie. I know that not many people liked it, but I did and for the sake of those who enjoyed it like I did, I shall continue to write fictions on this movie until it has its own section in the movie department. So, onto more important matters: I want to thank the three people, bless their hearts, who have reviewed my recent My Soul to Take stories. Thank you, Athena Puget, RACCOONtyranny, and Ningyoo for taking the time to read and review my stories. I greatly appreciate all the support you give me, and I shall never tire of your reviews. I appreciate each and everyone and I hope I continue to live up to your expectations. Also, to Ningyoo, it's not that hard for me to write about murder and such things; I'm a Criminal Justice major so I'm used to talking and writing about such things at this point in time. Thank you though for your concerns. Alright, this story is a Brandon/Bug story. I don't know if I'll make this a multi-chapter story or not. I've been thinking about it, so I just might… Anyway, I do not own so don't sue me. It is boy on boy, so if you don't like then don't read this. Thank you. R&R.; Enjoy! Soft Little Secrets Fang wasn't an idiot nor was she as blind and self-centered as everyone thought she was. No, she kept herself vigil and guarded and constantly keeping watch on those who surrounded her. So, it was only natural that she would begin to notice the looks, the glances, and the longing in Brandon's eyes every single time he looked at Bug. And of course, Bug never noticed. He was too busy trying to keep himself from getting hit or assaulted even worse than usual. Her little brother, the miracle child, was too air-headed and spaced out to even notice that Brandon went easier on him than anyone else. Nor did he notice that Brandon took out his jealousy on Alex, Bug's best friend. Yes, she noticed the way Brandon would change whenever he was around the blonde boy. It was a subtle change, but she still noticed it. Only her though; no one else seemed to realize that Brandon wasn't quite the stud that everyone thought he was. Especially clueless, innocent Bug. Which is why she did her best to keep those two as far apart as possible. While she couldn't physically keep them apart, Fang did her best to keep them from becoming friends, or more. That was why the 'point system' was created; so that Brandon would have to bully Bug and Alex by punching and tormenting them. And everyone went by her rules, so when she gave Brittany the orders, Brittany would call and tell Brandon how hard to hit her brother and his stupid friend. Granted, Brandon had always been a bit of a bully, but it got worse upon entering high school and the creation of her point system. Even though the Riverton Seven were birth mates, they weren't all close. Brittany and Brandon were in Fang's little clique, Penelope went off on her own and became a religious freak, and Bug, Alex, Jerome, and Jay formed their own small, nerdy group. But she couldn't deny that there was a special bond between the seven of them. So although there was a social rift between Bug and Brandon, there was also a bond there that Fang had to keep a close watch on. And despite what everyone thought about her – not that she cared what others thought – she did love her brother and she wanted to protect him. Although his innocence about their….lineage annoyed her to no end, Fang kind of liked that quality about him. No one was like Bug that was for sure, especially Brittany. How could the blonde girl be innocent when she was in Fang's group? But it was that innocence, that child-like quality, that made Fang want to keep Brandon from Bug. Fang knew what Brandon was like; even though the jock had secret feelings for Bug, that didn't stop him from sleeping around. Hell, he even got a goody-goody Christian girl knocked up! While the brunette did have a lot of decent qualities, that didn't change what he was or what he did. And deep in her heart she knew that if they ever got together Brandon would break Bug's heart. Brandon wasn't one for long-term relationships or for to be with just one girl for even a small period of time. So why would a relationship with Bug be any different? It was one day during lunch that she finally confronted him about it. The fifteen year old jock was a bit shocked at her viciousness, but she didn't really care. Fang had him cornered in an empty hallway, and he was sweating like the pig that he was. \"I know, Brandon.\" Her voice was calm and low, but the icy hint to it made him cringe and try to back away even more, though he didn't get very far. \"W-what are you talkin' about, Fang?\" The fear in his voice almost made her smile. Almost. \"I know about your secret crush on Bug. And if you were smart, you'd stay away from him.\" He didn't meet her eyes as he mumbled something that she couldn't quite hear. \"Come again, Brandon? What was that?\" \"I said, I already told him about it.\" \"What?\" As if it were on its own accord, her right hand reached out and took hold of Brandon's throat, applying as much pressure as it could. Her glare was enough to make a lesser make wet himself, and she looked every bit like the gothic princess that she truly was. \"Why would you do that? Do you want to die, Brandon?\" \"N-no! But I couldn't… couldn't wait any… longer.\" His breath came out in sharp, suppressed gasps and he could barely even talk. Fang applied some more pressure before she left go, allowing Brandon to slump onto the cold tile floor of the school hallway. She thought for a second, her back facing the brunette jock, before she turned back around, a frightful expression on her face. \"Why couldn't you wait? What made you approach him?\" He coughed a little before he stood up and panted, leaning on the wall for support. After a few minutes, Brandon was finally able to talk. \"I noticed… I noticed that he was starting to check me out. You know, like… Like I check him out….\" Fang knew that this was awkward for him, but that only made her feel a bit better. \"And what all did you say?\" He was still panting slightly, obviously stunned at being caught off guard, and by a girl nonetheless. \"I just… told him that I liked him… Like how a guy likes a girl.\" \"And?\" She wasn't letting up, not with something as important as this. \"And he… he blushed and told me…\" He paused which made Fang glare at him even more so than she was already. \"What did he tell you, Brandon?\" \"He told me that he liked me too!\" The silence that resonated was deafening. With wide, shocked eyes, Fang stared at Brandon. He just said that…Bug liked him back, right? Which only meant that Bug had been looking at Brandon as well. Suddenly, she felt so stupid and blind sighted. She had been so focused on Brandon and on keeping him from Bug that she failed to keep an eye out on Bug and wondering if he was returning the glances and looks. God, how could she have been so stupid? Well, it didn't matter. Fang was still going to keep them apart, even if she had to resort to blackmail or humiliation. She didn't care if Maye would get angry if she severely hurt Bug so long as it kept the two apart. But before that, she was going to make sure that Bug knew that a relationship with Brandon was completely out of the question. With a heavy heart and a distracted mind, Fang turned towards the lunchroom, stopping so that she stood beside Brandon. \"I will say this once, and only once: stay away from my brother, Brandon. Do I make myself clear?\" Her voice was still that calm, steady, and icy tone that it was when she first confronted him, and she was thankful for that. She thought her voice would quiver with shock and fear and anger, but it remained faithful as always. Fang didn't even wait for a verbal answer nor did she bother to look at the jock. Instead, she walked into the lunchroom and thought about what she would say upon confronting her little brother when he got home.[Chapter 2] A/N: I apologize for posting this a day late. School and work on the same day give me little time to write. But here is the second chapter. I want to thank all of those who have been reading the stories I've written for My Soul to Take. Also, I want to apologize for the lack of individual shout outs in this chapter; I'm a bit stressed and tired and I can't think too clearly right not. However, I still appreciate all the support you've given me and for your reviews. Seriously, I love reading what people like or didn't like about my works, so please don't be shy and say whatever it is you like about what you've read. Thank you for your time. R&R.; Enjoy! Soft Little Secrets: Chapter 2 Bug sighed as he opened the front door to his house and walked inside. School had…sucked. Well, in all honesty, it wasn't that bad. After all, he did receive an hundred percent on his science test. But it still sucked because Brandon had been avoiding him all day. Okay, so maybe Bug was just being paranoid; Brandon was the star of the football team and he had a lot of responsibilities that came with that title. And he understood that and accepted it, but it didn't explain why Brandon was acting so strange. First, he had punched both him and Alex first thing this morning. While that wasn't uncommon, the fact that Brandon wasn't as gentle as he had been since their…confession made Bug stop and think. Second, every time he would pass Brandon in the hall or see him walking up ahead, the brunette would ignore him or turn around and walk away. And third, Brandon had pushed past him on his way out of the bathroom after school, where they would usually meet up and make out for a little while. So although Bug could contribute Brandon's behavior to him simply being the jerk that he was, it didn't feel like the jock was doing so out of force of habit. No, after thinking about it clearly on the way home, Bug was confident that Brandon was definitely ignoring him. At the sudden realization, the young blonde sunk down onto the couch, book bag landing on the floor with a heavy thud. A million questions were racing about his mind, many of them difficult and confusing. Despite that, all Bug really wanted to know was: Why the heck was Brandon so mad at him? Brandon must have been angry with him or else he wouldn't be ignoring the blonde, right? Therefore, Bug must have done or said something to him to spark his fury. It only made sense, but the question now as: What could he have done to have provoked such a strong reaction? Could it be that Brandon was still jealous that Alex was his best friend? Of course Alex was his best friend. Even though all of the Riverton Seven had a special connection, Alex and Bug had been best friends from the start. They were incredibly close; closer than siblings, actually. Bug admired Alex for his strength and his slightly odd sense of humor. And Alex…well, he guessed that Alex liked that Bug was always there for him; that he was more dependable than anyone else in his life had been. So yes, they were extremely close. But Brandon didn't need to worry about that. Bug had told him that many times since they first started their secret relationship about a month ago. 'Brandon, you don't have to worry. You're the only one I really like. Alex is my best friend, but you… You're something more than that. At least, I hope you will be…' Bug sighed once more as he repeated in his head what he had told Brandon upon hearing the confession of jealous spew from the brunette's lips. Looking at the clock, Bug grabbed his bag and stood up, making his way upstairs to his room. His mom would be home soon, and he didn't want to worry her with all the thinking he was doing. If he was too deep in thought, then things would just ramble out of his mouth. Like yesterday when she came home, he repeated Penelope's side of the conversation to her when he was thinking about Brandon. That little episode had confused and worried his mom, so he thought it'd be best to do tonight's thinking in his room. Bug was reaching out to grasp the doorknob and go inside his room when Fang called out his name. \"Bug, hold on for a minute.\" Looking up, he saw his older sister walk towards him from her room. It appeared as though she had been doing some thinking herself, for her eyes showed deep concentration and concern, the shadows of her thoughts still plain as day on her face. However, to any normal bystander, she would appear to be the same as always. Bug was lucky to recognize the current expression even though she was his sister. \"Sure, Fang.\" They stood in silence; Fang in deep thought while Bug started at the ground, occasionally shifting his feet and rustling his book bag. After what seemed like an eternity, Fang finally spoke up. \"Bug… I know about you and Brandon.\" At this, the blonde's head snapped up and he stared at his sister with a half shocked, half horrified expression on his soft face. How could she know? They had been so careful; only meeting after school and only when no one else was around. If they talked on the phone, Brandon would call him late at night. And the looks and the glances… No one else mentioned anything. And if it was obvious, then Alex definitely would have said something. But then again, Fang was a bit more intuitive than most people… But still… \"I…I don't know what you're talking about.\" Usually, she'd leave him alone if he played dumb and acted like he was clueless until he came out of his denial. And Bug hoped that she'd do the same right now. He was wrong. \"Cut the shit, Adam. We both know what I'm talking about. You. Brandon. In a relationship. Even you're not that airheaded.\" She was trying to act calm and nonchalant about it, but Bug heard the tremble in her voice, the worry that laced the chilled words. \"Okay. So, Brandon and I are together. What about it?\" \"You need to stay away from him.\" He flinched at the sudden command. While he figured that she'd be a little worried and tell him bad things about Brandon, Bug didn't think she'd be so blunt and tell him to stay away. How could he stay away? It felt wrong to not be with Brandon… He looked at her, shock apparent in his wide, blue eyes. \"What? Why?\" \"He's bad news for you, Adam. All Brandon wants is sex. It's all he's ever wanted and all he'll ever want. Being in a relationship with him will only ruin you.\" \"Why… What makes you say that?\" He was feeling overwhelmed by this. It was too much to process and he was starting to get another headache. \"For example; Principal Pratt's daughter, Melanie Pratt.\" \"W-what about her?\" \"He knocked her up about two months ago. Didn't he tell you? Or maybe he doesn't know. But even if he doesn't, when he finds out, all he'll want to do is either get wasted and laid or become the father of that baby. And you don't need to put up with that. Besides, Brittany's more his type. Those two would be perfect together and you know it. Face it, Bug, whatever you have with Brandon or whatever you feel, it isn't going to last.\" Bug didn't want to hear anymore. He just wanted to leave; to go and see Brandon and ask him about this. Yes, Brandon had told him about Melanie; it was the first thing he mentioned when they started their odd, little relationship. And Bug had accepted it. Brandon had told him himself that while he would be there for the baby, he also wanted to still be with Bug if it was possible. All Bug had said was that it didn't really bother him and that as long as Brandon didn't stray then everything would be fine. But what if Fang was right? What if all Brandon wanted was to sleep with him? Bug wasn't ready for that step yet and he had told Brandon that. The jock seemed to understand, and he hoped that it wouldn't be a problem. Maybe that was why Brandon had been acting to odd lately. Perhaps he just wanted to have sex and nothing else. If that were the case, then maybe he should be with Brittany. After all, why would Brandon want to sleep with a freak like him when he had someone like Brittany at his disposal? It wasn't until their mom came upstairs and asked him what was wrong, wiping the tears from his pale face, that Bug realized that he was crying. Numbly, Bug just leaned into his mother's embrace when she hugged him tightly, muttering comforting things in his ears. Fang gave him a sad look, maybe full of pity or genuine sorrow, before she gently patted his arm and returned to her room. After a few minutes of just standing there, Bug entered his room, leaving a confused Maye staring at his bedroom door with a worried countenance. In her room, Fang fell back onto her bed. Rolling over, she stared at her doll house in a daze as she thought about the brief conversation she had with Bug. She felt bad for her brother, but he had to be told. And hopefully, he'd save them both the heartache and sorrow and break up with Brandon. With a soft sigh, she closed her eyes and fell asleep. A/N: So that's the second chapter. Happy Halloween to one and all![Chapter 3] A/N: I believe I must clarify something before I begin this chapter, XD. Chapter two is set on the same day as chapter one and it's from Bug's point of view. I just thought I ought to clear that up first. And yes, I did want the chapters to sort of meld together and blend; I think doing so makes for a smooth flowing story. I probably should have explained this at the end of chapter two, but I was a bit hysterical at that moment in time, so I forgot. I apologize for any confusion or upset that I may have caused. Anyway, I want to thank Athena Puget, RACCOONtyranny, and Ningyoo for all of their support. Honestly, I cannot thank you three enough for all the support and encouragement you've given me and continue to give me. I hope you guys enjoy this chapter as much as you have the others. This one's for the three of you. Thank you again. Onto chapter three! It's a Brandon/Bug story, or boy on boy, therefore if you don't like then don't read. Thank you. Please R&R.; Enjoy! Soft Little Secrets: Chapter 3 Bug didn't want to go to school today. Going to school would mean having to see Brandon, and if he saw the older boy, then he just may confront him about…well, everything. While he didn't care about Melanie Pratt, he did care about the other things Fang had talked about. Being used just for sex; a quick lay that was easily tossed aside and forgotten. That was something that really bothered him. Although he liked to believe that he held more faith in the jock than Fang did, he couldn't deny that Brandon could be a bit of a…player? Is that the word Alex would use? It didn't matter; Bug knew he'd have to go to school regardless of if he wanted to or not. After all, his mother's a nurse so it's not like he could fake an illness or something. Even if he could get away with it, he's never been absent from school. He's left early a few times for doctor's appointments and stuff like that, but just not showing up? It never happened. With Riverton being such a small town, his mom would find out in no time anyway, so why bother not going? With a heavy heart and a troubled mind, Bug left the house and began his walk to school. Alex joined him a few minutes later, and the tension thickened. Before they got very far, Alex grabbed Bug's arm and pulled him back a few steps. \"Bug, what's wrong?\" His best friend looked up at him with worried brown eyes. The blonde couldn't look him in the eye; he couldn't look at him period. Maybe it was stupid, but he felt that if he did look at Alex, then his best friend would automatically know what had happened yesterday and would hate him for it. \"What do you mean? Nothing's wrong…\" His voice was soft, but even Alex picked up on the slight quiver that pulsated through it. Scoffing softly, Alex shook his head. \"That's bullshit, Bug. You completely ignored me while I was talking to you just now.\" \"All you said was hi…\" Don't look at him… \"No. I was talking for five straight minutes Bug. Now tell me what's going on in that head of yours.\" \"I already told you: nothing's wrong.\" Don't look at him… \"And I told you that that was bullshit. C'mon, Bug, you can tell me anything. I tell you everything. You can trust me.\" \"…It's just…I can't…\" Don't look at him…! \"Yes you can. It's okay; I'm here.\" With a heavy sigh, Bug looked at Alex, wide, frightened blue eyes meeting worried brown, and, in what seemed like some sort of supernatural flash, the two came to an instant understanding. An understanding of pain, or torment and sadness. \"Don't be mad, but… I've sort of being seeing Brandon for about a month. Secretly of course…\" A strong, uncomfortable silence emanated between the two. It was so suffocating that Bug's knees nearly gave out after a few mere seconds. Alex stared at him, though his eyes held a distant gaze. He was in deep thought, not staring numbly at his best friend. This gave Bug a small sense of security. If Alex was processing what he had just said, then maybe he was also thinking about why he had been kept in the dark. Bug didn't like keeping something like his relationship with Brandon from Alex, but he felt like it wasn't the right time to tell the shorter boy about it. Not yet. At least, not until now, when he desperately needed the support and courage that Alex had always managed to give him. \"Well… That explains a lot, that's for sure.\" Alex's soft voice made Bug look at his friend with a confused expression on his face. With a small smirk, Alex shrugged and started walking again, leaving Bug behind. Bug had to walk at a fast pace to catch up to him. \"What do you mean? You're not mad that I kept something like that from you? Alex, I'd understand if you're mad that I did, but please-\" \"Bug, shut up for a minute, will ya? I wasn't done talking.\" \"But you started walking away…\" Alex sighed, shaking his head, his curly brown hair flailing about. \"Because we're gonna be late for school if we don't hurry up. Anyway, you secretly dating Brandon isn't all that surprising. I mean, he's been checking you out since we turned thirteen. It was sort of funny at first, because I just thought that he was being desperate-\" Bug gave him a look and Alex quickly explained. \"Not because you're bad looking. Actually, you're quite attractive, but not every girl wants to sleep with him, so I just figured he was low on supply. \" \"Oh… Sorry.\" Bug's cheeks turned a soft pink color. He didn't know that Brandon had been checking him out for a few years. In all honesty, he was sort of shocked. Shaking his head slightly, he cleared his mind and continued to listen to Alex. \"Anyway, after a few months, it stopped being funny and turn slightly alarming. I mean, the guy definitely knows how to throw a punch, so he could've just taken what he wanted and move on. But he didn't. And then not long ago, you started checking him out, only you did it in your own Bug-like way so no one but me and Jay knew what was really going on. That, and Brandon hasn't been hitting you as hard as he used to…\" \"Wait… Jay knows about this too? Have we really been that obvious to everyone?\" Bug couldn't believe it; both Alex and Jay knew? Did that mean that they told Jerome? Well, even if they did tell Jerome, he wouldn't have told his sister. \"Not really. He asked me what I thought and I told him that he was imagining things and to forget about it. You know Jay; once he's told to forget something, its dead and buried.\" \"Yeah.\" Bug nearly sighed with relief. Although he trusted Jay – after all, they had been friends since birth for the most part – Bug knew that Jay could ramble about things. Usually, it happened by accident, but if someone overheard the wrong conversation… He shuddered, thinking about the tortured he'd go through, and the torture that Brandon would go through as well. \"So, now that you've brought up your relationship with Brandon, what's wrong?\" Bug sighed; he knew, deep down, that he wasn't getting out of this now. \"Well… Last night Fang confronted me about it. She basically told me that I need to break up with him and stay away from him. Fang also said that all Brandon wants is sex and that a relationship between him and Brittany was more promising than one with me.\" They left the woods and were starting to walk up towards the school, nodding a brief hello to Jose. \"Are you serious?\" Bug nodded and Alex groaned in an irritated fashion. \"She always finds a way to put you down. You have a small piece of happiness and she takes it from you, stomps it down, spits on it, and then tosses it aside like a ragdoll. I swear, she gets high off of making you miserable and depressed.\" \"But she seemed genuinely concerned…\" They entered the school and started walking up the steps. Alex sighed and stopped, looking at Bug. \"It's hard to tell with her, Bug. She's a deceptive witch with a heart made of cold, black stone. You should always listen to her, you know.\" \"I know. That's why I'm going to talk to Brandon about it… Eventually.\" \"Like today?\" Bug stifled a groan. This is why he didn't want to come to school today; he wanted to avoid Brandon for at least a little while. But, he should do it now, today, before he loses the chance to do so. \"I guess I have no choice.\" Alex smiled and patted Bug on the back as they entered their first period classroom. For a brief moment, Bug's eyes connected with Brandon's, pain and longing flashing in both of their eyes, before the jock turned his head away. With a feeling of dread, the blonde sat down, placing his book bag on the floor. \"That's the spirit, Bug. You going to do it after school in the bathroom?\" Bug looked at his best friend with a surprised gaze while Alex shrugged nonchalantly and sat down in the seat beside him. \"I'm your best friend, Bug. It wasn't that surprising to learn that you and Brandon were dating. And since you two wanted it kept under wraps, the only place aside the woods to meet would be the bathrooms.\" \"You know me too well, Alex…\" \"What can I say? That's what best friends are for.\" The teacher chose that moment to walk in and quiet down the class. As the announcements aired over the loud speakers, Bug thought about all that could happen when he would pull Brandon inside their usual meeting place and ask him about everything Fang had told him. Bug's stomach flip flopped a bit as he thought about all the possible things Brandon could say to him. Perhaps Fang was right; maybe he was going to get his heart broken…[Chapter 4] A/N: I'm in the mood to write this fine evening. Therefore, I am posting the fourth chapter of this story. To all of those who have kept up with this story, I thank you. And to the three individuals who have shown me so much support and have stuck with my maniacal writings, from the bottom of my heart, I thank you. Please, R&R.; Enjoy! Soft Little Secrets: Chapter 4 Bug was practically shaking with fear as he waited for Brandon to enter the bathroom. It was the brunette's usual routine: after school ended, he'd go to the bathroom before leaving for home or football practice. School had ended two minutes ago, and Brandon usually arrived about five minutes after classes were let out. He was lucky; Alex asked to go to the bathroom the last five minutes of class and he practically dragged Bug along with him. At first, he had protested, and was about to scream when Alex threw him, literally, into the boys' bathroom. Once inside, Alex did indeed relieve himself, leaving Bug to shuffle around and looking anywhere but at his best friend. While Bug wasn't entirely ignorant of the male anatomy, he wasn't entirely comfortable with looking. At least, not yet, and certain not Alex's. The very thought of it made him blush and cringe. When Alex was finished, he zipped up, turned around, and started talking. \"So, have you figured out what to say, Bug?\" His palms started sweating and he felt like he was shaking. \"Kind of…\" \"Well good, because Jerome and I can only keep him trapped in here for so long. If any teachers pass by, we'll leave you to your own devices.\" Bug started to nod, but he stopped and looked at his best friend. \"W-what did you say? You and Jerome are….doing what?\" At this, Alex smirked triumphantly. \"You heard me, but I'll tell you again any. Once Brandon gets here, Jerome and I are going to trap him inside, giving you enough time to confront him.\" \"Wait… Jerome's helping? Does he know about…?\" Bug's face paled, and it must have been obvious because Alex took a few steps closer to his best friend, looking concerned. \"Of course not Bug; I won't tell anyone until you say it's okay. I just told him that you were facing your fears and that you needed some back up.\" \"Oh…\" In truth, Bug was only half listening. He was only half interested in Alex's little scheme. The only thing his mind was really focused on was Brandon and what to say and do when the jock arrived. With a comforting pat on the arm, Alex left, telling the blonde good luck and that he'd see him soon. That was about four minutes ago. Bug started panicking when he heard Brandon approaching the bathroom. He was talking to one of his football friends and, by the volume of his voice, he was nearby. Glancing around for a split second, Bug opened the last bathroom stall and scurried inside. Locking the door, he pressed himself to the wall and crouched down, doing his best to keep himself as well hidden as possible. His nerves nearly got the best of him, but then he remembered that Alex and Jerome were waiting somewhere outside, lurking in some dark classroom or corridor. Knowing that he had some support, Bug took a deep breath and tried to calm down. Although his palms were still sweaty and he was quivering slightly, he knew that this was something he couldn't avoid. He was going to work things out with Brandon today, even if it killed him. Brandon's voice was practically a loud scream as he said good-bye to his friend and entered the bathroom. There was the sound of a pair of jeans being undone, and he heard Brandon relieve himself. Bug waited until he heard the jock finish and begin washing his hands before he unlocked the stall and, taking a deep breath, stepped out. \"Hey, Brandon.\" The brunette jumped slightly when he heard Bug's voice, and the blonde almost cringed. \"Bug! What are… What are you doing here?\" He had ceased washing his hands and had turned around to face the small blonde boy. Bug bit his lip gently before he looked up at the brunette. \"I… We need to talk. About this…us.\" He barely realized that he was even talking; the words seemed to flow of their own accord. Bug kept his eyes on Brandon and watched as the older boy inhaled sharply. \"Why? There's nothing to talk about. I'm not interested in you anymore, Bug. The only one I am interested in is Brittany.\" \"I don't think that's true.\" There was a heavy pause, neither boy said anything and the tension grew thicker and thicker by the second. The words had already sunk in, and there was no denying the truth in them. They both knew that they needed to patch things up, to repair what had been undone by just one single person. But saying the things that needed to be said was a whole different matter entirely. Bug's eyes had traveled to the tile floor after he had finished his sentence, but when he finally looked up, he saw Brandon staring at him. And the obvious pain and torment that was evident in the brunette's eyes made Bug's heart melt. It was this sweet, gentle side, the side that was vulnerable and sensitive, that Bug liked so much about the older boy. Granted, there were other reasons why he liked Brandon, but his sweet side was one of the most important, if not the most important. And he could relate to him so easily; like right now. Bug was sure that his eyes held just as much pain and suffering as Brandon's did. Their need to just be together was too overwhelming to ignore. \"Fang told me to stay away from you, Brandon. She told me how you only wanted sex and that a relationship with you would break my heart. And she also told me about Melanie, but I already knew about that; you told me, remember?\" \"Bug-\" \"But even after all of that, even after I was told so many different things about you and to stay away from you, I won't listen. I'm not… I'm not interested in anyone else. I don't want anyone else but you.\" \"Bug, just listen-\" \"And I know that it's possible that you might be using me for sex or for something else, but I don't care. I guess I'm just selfish like that; I can't give you up. I won't. I-\" \"Bug! Shut the fuck up! Seriously, God!\" Bug's mouth snapped shut, stopping his rambling. He expected to see Brandon's angry face glaring at him. He expected a fist to collide with his face in the stronger punch the star quarterback could throw. Instead, Brandon had a smile on his face and it appeared as though he had been laughing. Shaking his head, he approached the blonde boy and pulled him into a tight hug, burying his face into Bug's neck, inhaling his scent and rubbing his back. With wide, shocked blue eyes, Bug hesitantly wrapped his arms around Brandon's shoulders, pulling him closer. They stood there, in the middle of the bathroom, holding onto each other tightly. After a little while, Brandon pulled back slightly and tilted Bug's head up. He gazed into those beautiful blue eyes before he close the gap between his face and Bug's and planted a loving kiss on those soft lips. Bug nearly gasped as he felt Brandon's lips brush against his. This kiss was exactly like their first one: gentle, hesitant, unsure, yet loving at the same time. And it was over way too soon for his liking. For a brief moment, their eyes connected, brown against blue, before they leaned back in for another kiss. However, this kiss was different; it felt more heated, more urgent and less gentle. It ignited something in Bug, something that felt slightly familiar yet foreign at the same time. Although neither wanted to pull away, the need for air became too great and they both pulled away, panting only just. Bug nearly collapsed, but Brandon steadied him and pulled both of them over to the wall opposite the bathroom stalls. They stood there, Bug leaning against Brandon, and Brandon holding his blonde against him, one hand sliding through the soft hair. It was another minute or two before Brandon picked back up where he left off. \"Anyway…back to what I was trying to say… Bug, I gotta tell you something, and it might piss you off, or you might not care. With you, it's always hard to tell.\" Still panting slightly, Bug looked up at the brunette and stared at him. \"Fang cornered me a few days ago. She told me to stay away from you.\" \"What?\" \"Yeah. And I tried. It was harder than hell. I mean, I can't just stay away from you. You're just so…addictive.\" Bug sighed in relief and practically fell limp against the jock. \"So… You're not mad at me or anything like that?\" \"No, Bug. Why would I be?\" \"I don't know… Because I'm not normal. I'm…disturbed, according to what Fang tells people. And even among the seven of us, I'm…different. I don't try to be. I'm just…\" Brandon sighed and kissed the blonde's forehead. \"You're innocent, Bug. That's all. And, so what if you're a little nuts? After all, we seven are supposed to be the reflections of Abel Plankov's personalities.\" Bug smiled to himself; the Brandon he knew was back and he felt so relieve and happy and content. \"I guess… Hey, Brandon?\" The brunette looked down at him and tilted his head to the left slightly. \"What babe?\" \"Do you… Do you want to come over to my house tonight? I… I'm not afraid of us anymore…\" Brandon's eyes widened slightly as he took in what Bug had said. After a few moments of consideration, he nodded and pulled Bug even closer to him. \"Sure. I don't have practice or anything today. Will your mom mind?\" Bug shook his head. \"No, she won't mind. She'll be surprised, I'm sure. But it won't be anything to worry about.\" \"Okay.\" They didn't speak for a few minutes, both were just content with each others' presence. Finally, Bug spoke up. \"So…are we back together?\" Brandon smiled and kissed Bug once more before he pulled away and grabbed both his and Bug's book bags. Handing the book bag back to the blonde, Brandon gently grasped one of Bug's pale hands. \"I didn't know we broke up.\" They shared a smile before Brandon opened the bathroom door and walked out. However, their sweet moment was short lived. \"Well, well, well. What have we here?\" Fang's cold, distant voice wiped the smiles off their faces and they stopped dead in their tracks. Standing in front of them, in all of her gothic beauty, was Fang, and the look on her face was enough to kill even the most cold-blooded murderer. Or even the Riverton Ripper himself.[Chapter 5] A/N: I swear I shall never be tired of the reviews of support and encouragement that I receive with every chapter I write. Were it not for the fact that I work tonight, I'd write more, but alas, it is not destined to be. A big thanks to Athena Puget, RACCOONtyranny, and Ningyoo for all of your support. You guys are truly wonderful and I hope I can continue to live up to your expectations. This is chapter fiver; it's Brandon/Bug, or boy on boy. So, don't like, then don't read. R&R.; Enjoy! Soft Little Secrets: Chapter 5 \"Well, well, well. What have we here?\" Fang's cold, distant voice wiped the smiles off their faces and they stopped dead in their tracks. Standing in front of them, in all of her gothic beauty, was Fang, and the look on her face was enough to kill even the most cold-blooded murder. Or even the Riverton Ripper himself. Bug was stunned into a shocked silence, unable to move or speak. His hand was shaking and he could vaguely feel Brandon's sweaty hand quivering as well. How did she know that they would be here? Did she follow him or something? Why would she do that when she had the Fang Zone to worry about? He turned his head to the right slightly and saw both Alex and Jerome peeking around the corner. Alex shook his head apologetically and mouthed 'sorry' at the blonde. That's right; he remembered Alex saying that he'd bolt if he saw anyone coming. And since it was Fang, he'd be pulling Jerome along double quick to escape. Bug was a little shocked that they managed to get away before Fang sank her claws into them. But he was glad that they had; he'd be incredibly upset if anything were to happen to his friends because of him. \"Did I tell both of you to stay away from each other? Or are you determined to make your lives a living hell here?\" Once Fang started speaking again, Bug turned his attention back to his older sister. It was quite obvious that she was extremely pissed off, but the thoughts churning about in her head weren't as easily deciphered. \"I… I can't…Fang.\" He was surprised actually said anything. Usually, he would avoid her all together if she was angry. And when she was angry at him, Bug usually hid in his room or was with Alex. If an angry Fang was around, having a witness around would be a good idea. \"What do you mean, you little insect? How hard is it for you to follow simple directions?\" Her eyes narrowed dangerously at his words, and Bug took a step back away from her. Satisfied with the reaction, Fang turned her glare towards Brandon, who looked as though he was about to shit himself. An even better reaction than Bug's. \"And you! I told you to stay away from my brother. Do you want me to rip your dick off and throw it back at you, you fucking crotch dog?\" Brandon winced and his free hand automatically journeyed to the front of his pants, as if he would be able to protect his manhood from Fang. \"Leave him alone Fang… It's okay. We… We talked about it.\" Bug's voice was full of fear, but it rang out strong and true. Fang's attention turned back to her brother. \"You talked about what exactly?\" \"Us…and the stuff you told me yesterday.\" \"Get it through your thick skull, you little, sniveling insect: there is no us. You two are not together. Understand?\" \"Yes, Fang, we are.\" Both Fang and Bug turned and looked at Brandon; Bug with wide, surprised, yet hopeful eyes, and Fang with surprised, angry eyes. \"What did you say to me, jockstrap?\" Fang's barking insult didn't phase Brandon one bit. He stood strong and proud, grasping Bug's hand with his own and not easing up one bit. It was as though holding onto Bug gave him all the courage he needed to confront this demon of a sister. Were it not for their current predicament, Bug would've been incredibly happy that Brandon was putting himself out on the line for them. \"I said: Yes, Fang, we are. Didn't you hear me the first time?\" Fang quickly closed the gap between her and the brunette boy and she glared up at him. She was practically in his face and Brandon had to lean his head back in order to look down at her. \"And what makes you think that? Being in a relationship doesn't mean that you're with the person until they have sex with you and then you dump them.\" \"I'm not stupid Fang; I know that.\" \"Then what makes you think that this is any different? Do you like Bug so much that you'd change your whorish ways in order to be with him? Can you do that, Brandon? Or rather, are you willing to do that? Because I will not allow you to hurt him like that; to break his fragile heart into tiny pieces just to satisfy to libido.\" Fang's voice dropped from being cold and calm to soft and quivering, holding her anger in. \"Look Fang, I know that I'm a piece of shit. I know that I'm a crotch dog. Seriously, I get that. But I also get that I can't be like that if I want to be with Bug. Your brother is different from the other relationships I've been in. He's something special, and I don't want to lose this feeling.\" Fang's eyes narrowed once again. \"What feeling?\" Brandon sighed and looked over at the shorter blonde boy standing by his side, gazing up at him with those gorgeous blue eyes. Eyes that held so many different emotions in them that Brandon could hardly stand it. Eyes that told him all he needed to know without the words, although Bug would always say them anyway. \"The feeling that…I'm actually important to Bug. Like I'm more than just bragging rights or a fuck toy for some horny girl. He makes me feel different; he makes me feel like, for the first time, I actually care about something more than just myself and my sexual appetite.\" With a soft smile, Brandon squeezed Bug's hand and nodded at the blonde. Bug smiled back. \"Will you ever cheat on him, Brandon? Are you going to be good to him and give him the relationship him deserves?\" Fang's anger was slowly dissipating and was being replaced with worry and fear; fear for her brother and for his innocence. Brandon turned his attention back to Fang and stared her straight in the eye as he answered her questions. \"I've always be a one girl man, Fang. You ought to know that. Like I said, Bug's something special, and our relationship is different from any other I've ever had. And to be honest, I want it to work out this time. He's not someone I'm willing to give up easily. We've known each other since we were born, and I can honestly say that I believe I love him.\" Bug's face flushed a bright red and he sucked in a sharp breath. He wasn't expecting that. \"You… You what?\" \"I love you, Bug. And I don't let go of the things that I love.\" Stepping back, Fang gazed long and hard at the two boys. With hands clasped tightly together, Bug was looking up at Brandon while the jock stared right back, a small smile on his features, brightening up his face. After a moment or so, Bug slowly smiled and he leaned forward, resting his head on Brandon's chest, closing his eyes and inhaling deeply. Brandon wrapped his arms around the smaller boy and held him close. There wasn't a need for words – Fang could see that as plain as day – they just automatically understood each other. One of the perks of the bond that connected the Riverton Seven. And it was that bond that made it next to impossible to keep the apart; after all, how can one severe a bond that they don't understand? That realization hit her hard. Fang felt like the biggest bitch alive. Granted, she always knew that she was a bitch, but still. Even with her threats and warnings, it'd be impossible for Brandon and Bug to keep away from each other. Although she wanted to protect Bug, she knew that he wouldn't live a sheltered life forever. He needed to experience things himself, and she had no right to keep him from doing so. All she could do was keep watch from the shadows, like she always has. With a defeated sigh, Fang shook her head and crossed her arms over her chest. \"I guess…that if you two are that into each other, then I'll let it slide. But I warn you Brandon, if you break my brother's heart, I'm going to break your dick. Got it?\" Brandon nodded quickly and Fang smirked before picking up her purse off the floor. \"Good. Now, get home. Mom will have a fit it you're late again.\" And with that, she left the two in the hallway, feeling two pairs of eyes on her as she left. A/N: I apologize if this kind of sucks. I wanted to post this before I had to leave for work.[Chapter 6] A/N: Truth be told, I should be doing my Intro to Personal Computers homework, but I don't want too. XD I'd rather be writing a new chapter for my three little muses (yes that is what you guys are now. I hope you like it because, in all honesty, it's true. You're the only ones who keep me writing My Soul to Take fan fiction. …Well, I also write it because I'm a weirdo who has many unresolved issues, but that's not important). Seriously, how many times have I thanked the three of you? Not enough so here's another one: Thank you, Athena Puget, RACCOONtyranny, and Ningyoo for of your support. It does not go unnoticed or underappreciated that's for sure. I hope you enjoy this chapter. Well, I do believe that this may be the last chapter of this story. I'm not too sure; it depends on how this chapter goes. Anyway, R&R.; Enjoy! Soft Little Secrets: Chapter 5 Both Bug and Brandon just stood there in the middle of the hallway, staring at the empty space where Fang had stood mere minutes ago. Neither said a word; they couldn't, for they were too shocked to say anything. While they had expected fireworks, or rather nuclear bombs, they certainly hadn't expected the gothic princess to just give in, especially so easily. Bug didn't know exactly how to react to the whole situation. On one side, he was glad that Fang had accepted his relationship with Brandon; on the other, he was frightened about what she may be planning. Of course, it was possible that he was over thinking the situation; it's a regular occurrence for him, especially with the additional help from the other voices that accompany his own inner thoughts. Not that it mattered; as long as he was with Brandon, he was happy. Shaking his head, Bug looked around the hall before he repositioned his book bag and squeezed Brandon's hand. The brunette shook his head as though he were clearing his thoughts, and looked down at the blonde. \"So… Are you ready to go to my house?\" Brandon barked out a laugh, a rich, hearty laugh that made Bug's stomach squirm and do all sorts of things. No one else had this effected on him, just Brandon. \"Your sister comes and nearly tears both of us a new asshole and all you can say after she's done and leaves is that?\" More laughter erupted and a smile tugged at Bug's face. Soon, both boys were laughing and they secretly counted their blessings that no one else was around. If the teachers caught sight of them and word spread around town, a big mess would boil over the pot before they were ready to deal with it. It's not that they weren't going to go public ever; they just wanted to wait until the time was right. \"Yeah. Yeah, I guess so.\" Brandon laughed again and ran his free hand through his hair. Shifting his book bag, Brandon smiled his boyfriend and lifted their entwined hands up in the air. \"Well then, shall we go?\" Bug nodded and started walking, Brandon following just a few inches behind. It was probably a good fifteen minutes after the bell rang, so only the faculty should be left, and if they were lucky, they'd all be at a meeting of some sort. After leaving the building, they began their trek through the woods, all the while holding hands and staying silence, not wanting to disturb each other. They were merely reveling in each other's presence and enjoying the close proximity they were lucky to finally have. Openly, of course. Lord knows that before Fang got involved, they had been close enough in private; nothing too serious. Not yet at least. \"You know, I meant what I said.\" Brandon's voice broke the silence that had settled comfortably between them. They weren't far from Bug's house now, and soon, they'd be inside, telling the blonde's mother about their relationship. And he wanted to make a few things clear before any doubts surfaced. \"About what?\" Bug looked at him with questioning, oblivious eyes and Brandon had to suppress an eye roll. Although he loved the blonde boy a lot, the jock had yet to become patient with Bug's short term memory. While Brandon wasn't sure that Bug had a problem with his memory, he really didn't know what else to call his spacing out episodes. He knew that it couldn't be innocence or ignorance, but the brunette's scholarly skills weren't all that impressive, so he wasn't entirely positive on what term to use. \"About being in love with you. And just to give you a heads up, I'm willing to wait until you're ready. To go any further than making out, I mean. I know you're not used to relationships, so…\" Bug had to stare at the jock for a little bit. Did…did Brandon just say that? Was he being serious? Looking at the taller boy, Bug couldn't see any humor in his facial features or even a sparkly of laughter in his brown eyes. He had meant every word, and the blonde could help but blush at what had been said. In all honesty, he hadn't even thought about… that too much, but if he ever admitted that to anyone – especially Alex – then he'd get laughed at for sure. But just knowing that Brandon, the star quarterback who could have practically anyone he wanted, was willing to wait for Bug and be patient until he was ready to make love completely dumbfounded him. He wasn't expecting that, but he was happy. Happy that Brandon would do that for him, because it meant that the older boy truly did care for him. He couldn't help the smile on his face and he stepped closer to Brandon, wrapping his arms around the brunette in a tight hug. When he felt those strong arms pull him closer and envelop him in the warmth that only Brandon could bring, Bug's heart fluttered and he sighed as he relaxed into the embrace. They stood there for a minute or two before Brandon pulled away and grasped Bug's chin gently with his fingers. \"Let's go tell your mom the good news. I bet Fang's already told her something, so she's probably waiting for us.\" Bug nodded, finding himself unable to speak. They pulled apart and continued their short journey to Bug's house. His mom's car was in the driveway, so she was definitely home. Bug opened the door and, with Brandon in tow, walked into the house. It was calm and quiet; there was no tension in the air, no feel of dread or hatred. Just the same loving, warm atmosphere that Bug's always known and was familiar with. The sound of the refrigerator opening and closing caught their attention, and the two boys walked into the kitchen. \"Hey, Mom.\" Bug's small voice called out to the brunette woman who was placing dinner into the oven. Upon hearing her son's voice, she stood up and turned towards them, a smile breaking out on her face as she saw her blonde boy. She walked over to him and gave him a hug, squeezing him a bit before she pulled back. \"It's about time you got home; I was starting to worry. Your sister told me that you might be a little late but…\" Her voice stopped when she looked over at Brandon, who was standing quietly behind Bug. Bug's mom glanced down at their joined hands before she stepped back to take a good look at them. With a thoughtful look on her face, she assessed the unlikely pair, before she nodded to herself and shook her head, a smile reappearing on her face. She laughed and turned back to the stove to stir whatever it was that was in the pot. \"So this is what Leah meant when she said that you'd be bringing a toy home with you. Although I must admit, I wasn't really expecting this.\" Bug released the breath he didn't realize he had been holding. Although his mom wasn't screaming or forsaking them, he was still anxious. \"Mom…? You're not mad or…or anything?\" Bug had to ask, even if his voice shook and quivered with fear of rejection and loss of love. He didn't know how he'd react if his mom rejected him about his relationship. She stopped what she was doing and turned back around to answer him. \"Of course I'm not mad Adam. You're my son and I love you no matter what choices you make in life. I could never throw you out or anything like that. Face it kiddo, you're stuck with me.\" She smiled, a kind, warm smile before she turned back around. \"But if Brandon hurts you in any way, shape, or form, I will come after him with every weapon in my arsenal. Do I make myself clear?\" At that, Brandon's face paled a bit before he nodded. \"Yes ma'am.\" \"Good. Now go sit down in the living room. Dinner will be ready in a few minutes.\" With subtle nods, the two boys went and sat in the living room. Bug leaned against Brandon's chest and the jock started running his fingers through the soft blonde hair. Closing his eyes with a soft sigh, Bug relaxed, enjoying the moment and not wanting it to end. But the sound of footsteps coming down the stairs broke him out of his trance, and he opened his blue eyes to see Fang landing on the living room floor, sending them a calculating smile. \"I'm assuming you told Mom. Good thing too because she'd be pissed if she found out at church.\" She started heading towards the kitchen, but she paused and looked over her shoulder at the two who were merely staring back at her. \"Oh, I almost forgot to tell you: I've been recording your sweet little moment for the past few minutes. So if you ever piss me off, I'll post the video all over facebook.\" With a triumphant smirk, she held up her camcorder before walking into the kitchen. Brandon groaned and Bug just stared at the space she had just occupied. He almost laughed; almost. It was funny; in a way, this was another way to keep Brandon in line. Not that Bug thought the jock would stray. At least, he hoped not. Looking up at the brunette, he couldn't help but smile. And for no reason at all, the blonde just leaned up and gently kissed Brandon's chin, capturing the older boy's attention instantly. Smiling, Brandon looked down at the small boy in his arms. Finally, they were together, and even had some support. Leaning down, he placed a kiss on Bug's soft, pink lips. Although telling his parents wouldn't be nearly as quick and easy as it was telling Bug's mom, he was still going to tell them. And he really didn't care if they supported him or shunned him; so long as he had Bug, he'd be happy. \"Boys, dinner!\" But if Dunkleman ever tried to pull any funny shit with his Bug, he'd give him a twenty for sure. A/N: Okay, I started this last night and I just finished it tonight. I apologize for the author's note above; I didn't mean to be all hyper active and rant like that. And I was trying really hard to post this last chapter before I had to go into work today, but the Universe wasn't working with me tonight. I hoped you all liked this! Please R&R;![Chapter 7] A/N: I was going through my My Soul to Take stories when I noticed something. I never changed chapter two of this story like I originally planned. Duh! XD I feel like such a moron. You honestly have no idea how embarrassing this is… Anyway, I'm just posting this to let you all know that the problem has been fixed and that the chapter two that should have been added in the story has now, at long last, finally been added. I am so sorry for the confusion and the stupidity of it all. I hope you all enjoy the now not so missing and mysterious chapter two. ","Summary":" A/N: Okay, there is no way I can get away with this three times. I mean, this will be the forth My "},{"Movie":"I Know What You Did Last Summer","Title":"Falling apart","Author":"Jennifer-Phoenix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1380409","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a sequel to my first IKWYDLS story 'Like I love you'. If younhaven't read it you might want to because of some personality changes innthe characters. It took me a while to decide who was going to be the victim and killer -nthe ones from the book or the movie. I've chosen the book since Helen andnBarry survived in that one. Disclaimer: Of course these characters aren't mine. I'm just borrowing themnfor a while.n*************************************************************************** ** She could feel his breath on her neck and hear the heavy steps behind her- \"No.\" She cried and tried to run faster. But her legs were like blocks ofncement, she couldn't lift her feet no matter how hard she tried. \"Please, help me.\" She cried as she felt him coming closer, putting hisnhand on her neck. \"No, no...\" She felt like she was suffocating as she struggled the strongnhands. \"Please.\" She moaned before waking up with a snap in her darknbedroom. She looked around, terrified, but there was no one there. She reached hernhand out and took the jar of pills from her bedside table. She swallowednthem with some water and then lay back on her pillow with an exhaustednsigh. **** A phone kept ringing inside an empty apartment. Ring after ring went by andnthen suddenly the front door flew open and a beautiful blonde girl camenrushing in. She dropped her bags on the floor and rushed over to the phone. \"Hello.\" She answered. \"Hello?\" She repeated but the line had gone dead.nWith a sigh she hung up and walked over to the door and closed it andnpicked up her grocery bags from the floor and took them to the kitchen. Her named was Helen Shivers and she was a 23-year-old anchorwoman at ABC innNew York. She put some boxes in a cabinet and some milk in thenrefrigerator just as the front door was opened by her fiancée since fournyears - Barry Cox. \"Heller!\" He called and she looked over her shoulder. \"I'm in here Barry.\" Barry came into the kitchen with a big smile on his lips and walked up tonHelen, who had his back at him and put his arms around her waist and kissednher shoulder. Helen giggled a little and turned around so that she could face him andnBarry lifted her up in the air. Helen giggled again. \"What's up with you baby?\" She asked and Barry kissed her hard beforenputting her down and showing her a piece of paper. \"Look, I got an A+! Can you believe it?\" He laughed looking at his essay.nHe went to NYU since 3 y3ears and worked hard with his grades. Helen hadnnever gone to college. She'd started to work with television as an 18-year-nold. Now she jumped with joy and clapped her hands. \"Oh my God, congratulationsnBarry. I knew you could do it.\" She hugged him and kissed him again. \"Wenhave to celebrate this.\" Barry pulled her closer with a big smile. \"You bet, tonight is our nightn...I'll take you where ever you want to go.\" Helen kissed him. This was her first night off in ages and she was going tonembrace it fully. **** Later that night after having dinner out, Helen and Barry were back home inntheir bedroom. Helen giggled as Barry kissed her stomach. \"Again? Barry are you crazy?\" She panted and he came up from under thencover and kissed her lips. \"Crazy about you...babe I've hardly seen you in a week. I could go on allnnight.\" He said and kissed her again. Helen laughed as the phone rang. Shenfrowned. \"Who could be calling at this hour?\" She moaned and looked at the digitalnclock next to the bed. \"Let it ring.\" Barry said kissing her neck, moving downwards. Helen shook her head and reached her hand out for the phone. \"If it's this late, it must be important.\" She said and Barry sighed butnkept showering her body with kisses hoping to distract her. \"Hello.\" She said trying to sound unaffected by Barry's caressing. \"Is this Helen Shivers?\" A voice asked. \"Yes,\" \"Good, I'm terribly sorry to call you this late but it's about your friendn- Julie James.\" Helen sat up straight and pushed Barry off her. \"Is she alright?\" The voice paused for a moment. \"No, she's not.\" **** \"Okay so where do you want us to go?\" Barry looked at Helen. As soon asnshe'd finished her phone call she'd gotten out of bed and started packing. \"Boston.\" Helen replied shortly. \"Because...?\" Barry was still in bed watching her shove clothes in a bag. \"Because Julie isn't well. She tried to kill herself last night.\" \"What?\" Barry frowned. That didn't sound like the Julie James he'd known. Helen sighed putting down her hairbrush. He could see she was close tontears. \"It's my fault. I've totally neglected her. I knew she was in pain ...butnI..I've been busy.\" She started to sob and Barry pulled her down into hisnarms. \"Heller, it's not your fault. If Julie is in pain it's because of her andnher issues, not because you forgot to call her once or twice.\" Hencomforted. She leaned towards him and sobbed again. \"We have to go there. We have to help her, talk to her...\" \"Helen.\" Barry started but got quiet when he saw the look in hisngirlfriend's eyes as she pulled away from him a little. \"Barry.\" She said serious. \"Julie is my best friend. She needs me and I'mngoing, with or without you.\" He could tell she meant business and nodded. \"Okay, we're going but not now. We'll book a flight in the morning, you'llncall your office get some time off and I'll go to the university and getnsome assignments. And then we'll leave in the afternoon. Okay?\" Helen nodded. \"Yeah.\" She said weakly and they lay down again. \"But what if she...?\" \"She'll be okay.\" Barry assured and hugged Helen a little closer. He'dnnever been close to Julie himself but Helen was and this was important tonher. He wouldn't leave her alone in a time like this. As they lay in silence he knew she was awake but didn't urge her to sleep.nShe had a lot on her mind. The only thing her could do right now was to benthere and he would. ************************************************************************** A/N: You guys like? Want me to continue? Drop me a little review and Inwill. (probably will anyway cause I'm soon done with the second chapter butnplease R+R coz it makes me happy.) Jennifer-Phoenix[Chapter 2] Helen hardly got any sleep that night. She lay awake wondering about whatnhad made Julie so devastated that she'd tried to take her own life. It didn't matter what Barry said. She still felt guilty. If she'd called,nif she'd been there. Just to talk, some friendly words could've made allnthe difference. She called the studio at 5.30 in the morning hoping they'd find anreplacement for the six o'clock news. When she'd got off the phone shentried to go back to sleep but a quarter to six she got out of bed andnpacked both hers and Barry's bags. She called the airline at seven and booked two tickets on the three o'clocknflight. Then she went out and got some coffee and bagels and was back by 8no'clock to wake up Barry. He moaned and she smiled as he opened his eyes and she held up the bag ofnbagels in front of him. \"I got breakfast.\" She declared as he yawned and glanced at the clock. \"How long have you been up?\" \"A while.\" She got off the bed and walked out to the kitchen to cut thenbagels. \"I called the airline and we are leaving at 3 o'clock today.\" Shencalled over her shoulder. Barry came out to her only in his boxershorts, still a little dizzy fromnwaking up. Helen looked at his body and smiled a little. Now when all was set she feltna little more relaxed. \"I'm sorry what?\" He asked and she nodded at the two cups of coffee fromnStarbuck's she'd gotten them, knowing that Barry didn't really functionnwithout coffee in the morning. \"Mm thanks.\" Barry moaned and took a seat at the table. Helen prepared hisnbagel like she knew he liked it before she put it down in front of him. Hensmiled up at her and she leaned down for a kiss before sitting down acrossnto him. \"So, we leave at three, I've already packed your stuff but you still shouldnbe here a little extra early so we don't miss the flight. Now I'm not surenif we should take a cab or the subway.\" \"Wait a little babe.\" Barry smiled. \"I'll be on time, promise. Did you talknto your job?\" Helen nodded. \"Yes, they were a little grumpy but since I'd left my scriptnand notes they were okay with it. I told them I'd call them later on thisnweek.\" Barry nodded. \"Sounds good.\" He finished his bagel and stood up. \"Care tonjoin me in the shower before I head of to school?\" Helen who'd been lost in her thoughts flinched a little and then shook hernhead. \"Ehm...no, not today.\" She was relaxed but not that relaxed. Barry kissednher cheek. \"Thanks for breakfast.\" He said and she smiled staring distant at thencoffee in her hand. She hadn't even touched her bagel yet. She justncouldn't get Julie off her mind. ****' At approximately 3 o'clock the plane took off. Helen leaned back in hernchair feeling better now that they were on their way. She closed her eyes with a sigh but then flinched and looked at Barry innthe seat next to her. \"What is it Heller?\" He asked worried. \"I forgot to call Ray...I should've called Ray.\" Helen said regretful andnBarry frowned. \"Why? Those two aren't together anymore?\" Helen shook her head. She'd never really become clear on the terms Julienand Ray broken up on but she knew Julie was hurting a lot. 'Poor Julie' she thought. Neither she nor Barry mentioned it but they bothnknew that Julie had never quite been able to move on after that night. As Helen got a sudden flashback she took a hold of Barry's hand andnsqueezed it. Barry understood what she'd been thinking since he'd beennthinking it too and squeezed her hand back. ****' That evening when they'd checked in at their hotel Barry and Helen rushednto the hospital where Julie was. \"Visiting hours are over\" An older, female nurse told them. Helen opened her eyes wide. \"No please, we just came ...from NewnYork...can't we just stop by quickly?\" \"I'm sorry miss, you'll have to come back in the morning.\" The nurse saidnstrict and Helen sighed. Barry was about to say something when a classy,ntall woman with red hair came up to them. \"Excuse me, are you Barry Cox and Helen Shivers?\" \"Yes.\" Barry said, suspicious that someone knew they're names. The woman looked delighted. \"Oh, Julie has told me so much about you. I'mnso glad to finally meet you.\" Helen looked surprise. \"You know Julie?\" She had a hard time picturingnthat. The woman laughed. \"Oh were are my man2ners? Terribly sorry.\" She reachednher hand out. \"I'm Charlotte Lane, I'm Julie's psychiatrist. \"Oh.\" Helen forced a smile and shook Charlotte's hand. Charlotte then shooknBarry's hand before turned to the nurse. \"Doris, will you do me the favour of letting these to visit Ms James now?nIt was impossible for them to arrive earlier. Please it's important for MsnJames to see her loved ones at a time like this.\" The nurse thought for a few second and then nodded. \"Okay but not too long.nThis way\" She said and led them to Julie's room. Julie was resting but not sleeping when they got there. Helen rushed overnto her bed. \"Oh my God Julie, are you okay?\" She asked and hugged her friend gently. Julie smiled weakly. \"What are you doing here?\" She asked and then noticednBarry. \"Barry? Hi, you look great.\" Barry smiled teasing. \"Can't say the same for you.\" Julie smiled and looked back at Helen who was holding her hand. \"You guys didn't need to come all this way.\" \"Are you kidding? Julie you...I mean...\" Helen sat down on the side of thenbed. \"What happened?\" Julie shook her head. \"I just had some trouble sleeping.\" Charlotte Lane cleared her throat. \"Well Julie ...aren't you glad yournfriends are here? I thought that'd be best for you but ...you have to restnand I'm sure Ms Shivers and Mr Cox are more then willing to come back innthe morning.\" Julie looked frightened and squeezed Helen's hand. \"No please.\" She beggednand Helen exchanged a confused glance with Barry. \"I need to talk to my friends ...alone...it's important.\" Julie sounded so weak even Barry got a sickening feeling in his stomach. Henand Julie had never been the best of friends but she didn't deserve this. Charlotte looked at Julie then Helen, Barry and back to Julie. Then shennodded. \"Okay, but I'll be right outside.\" She said and closed the door afternherself as she left the room. Barry moved up and stood by Helen who was still sitting on the edge ofnJulie's bed holding her friend's pale hand in her own. \"What's wrong Julie? Do you want us to call Ray?\" Julie looked at them. \"No, don't get him here...it's dangerous. You twonshould leave tonight. Leave your stuff and get out of this town.\" She gotntears in her eyes and kept glancing at the door like she was afraidnsomebody was going to walk in. \"Julie what are you talking about?\" Helen asked concerned. Her free handnreached for Barry's, seeing Julie like this was hard for her. He took it and squeezed it supporting. He was more worried about what thatnred head quack might've gotten into Julie's head. Last time he'd seen hernshe'd been okay. Probably dealing with inner demons, but definitely nothingnthat even came close to this. She'd never been suicidal. Julie tried to sit up but was too weak. \"You have to leave - he'll come fornyou too if you stay.\" \"Who'll come for us Jules?\" Barry asked with a slight frown. This wasnhighly disturbing. Tears started to run down Julie's cheeks. \"He wants revenge..he wants us dead. He's back.\" ***********************************************************************' A/N: Sorry it took so long but my computer is broke. Hope you like the ficnand keep reading. =) Jennifer Phoenix[Chapter 3] \"This is too much Helen. She's gone over the edge.\" Barry said later whennthey'd left the hospital and were back at their hotelroom. \"She's crazy.\" He exclaimed pacing around in their small room. Helen shook her head, she was sitting on the side of the bed, dialling onnthe phone. \"She's not crazy Barry. Don't say that!\" She objected. \"Helen, she thinks there's a killer after her! Heck she even thinks there'sna killer after us too. To me that justifies as crazy.\" Helen held up a finger and hushed him. \"Be quiet now, I'm trying to reachnRay.\" She said just as someone picked up on the other side of the line.n\"Hello, my name is Helen Shivers and I'm wondering if there's a RaymondnBronson there?\" She asked with her polite voice. Barry waited patiently with his hands at this sides. This was the thirdncall she made trying to find Ray. They'd swung by Julie's place to get hisnlast phone number, after being at the hospital. When they'd called they'd been informed that Ray couldn't be reached atnthat number anymore. But the girl on the phone had been helpful and givennthem another number to call. And once more, they'd been given a new number. Barry watched as Helen's hopeful face expression fell. \"Oh, okay...thank you.\" She hung up with a sigh. \"No Ray?\" Helen lifted her eyes and looked at him. \"No Ray.\" She sighed again. \"Andnno more numbers.\" Barry also sighed when he saw how defeated she looked. He sat down by hernand put his arm around her. \"It's okay Heller, we'll find him and we'llnhelp Jules. Before you know it, we'll be back home.\" Helen leaned against him. \"I'm worried Barry. You saw her, she looks awfulnand the things she said ...maybe you're right. Maybe she is crazy.\" Barry kissed her blonde head. He didn't know what to say. He really didnthink that Julie was crazy and he didn't want to lie to Helen and say thenopposite. He hated to lie to Helen, he'd made a promise to himself never tondo it again. Instead of saying anything he held her a little closer and kissed her headnagain. \"We'll work it out.\" He consoled. *** The next morning Barry woke up before Helen. He stretched out his body butncouldn't get rid of the crawling feeling under his skin. He looked at Helen laying next to him, but decided not to wake her andngently rolled out of the bed and got into some clothes. Most mornings he took a jog before buying breakfast for them. Helen wouldnknow where he was if she woke up. He leaned down and kissed her foreheadnand gently stroking some hair from her face. Then he straightened his back and made his way to the door. He didn'tnreally know the streets of Boston but he reckoned it couldn't be that hard. As he got out a small frizzle fell over him but it didn't bother him, he'dnbeen running in worse rainstorms then this. He remembered chasing in Helen in the worst of thunderstoms. Must've been anlittle over a year ago by now. He'd chased her through half of New York.nWhen she set her mind to it, that girl could out run him in heels. Thennagain she'd had a head start. He shook his head. He didn't want to think about it, although he did and henknew she did too. He'd made another promise to himself, never to hurt Helennlike that again. His thoughts were interrupted as he felt like he was being followed. Henglanced over his shoulder but there was no one there. He frowned. 'I'm getting as paranoid as Julie.' He thought and decided tongo back to the hotel. He stopped by a news stand to see if they hadnanything worth reading. He got two papers before crossing the street to get them some coffee fromnStarbucks. When he got it he made his way back to the hotel without hurrying hisnsteps. It was still early, Helen was probably still asleep. He'd wake hernup when he came back, he hoped she wasn't too upset about yesterday still.nHe hated to see her in pain when he couldn't do anything about it. Sweet Helen, he could hardly wait to see her. But as the hotel came into his vision he felt watched again. He hardly hadntime to turn his head around before somebody grabbed him and pulled himninto a small alley, forcing him to drop coffee and papers. \"What the hell?\" Barry roared angry but got a punch in his face and moanednpainfully. He got another punch right on his ribcage and leaned over. Butnthe beating didn't stop. Barry tried to glance up at his attacker but he was masked and was movingnto fast for Barry to get a clear view. He kept beating until Barry fell down on to his kness, moaning in seriousnpain. It felt like his head was going to burst. \"You're next.\" The man said giving him a last kick on his ribs forcingnBarry to sink down on the wet ground. The masked man didn't give hum a second glance, he ran away fast, slowingndown his speed as he got further away from the scene. He looked like any normal jogger when he'd showed the skimask in hisnpocket. He rounded a corner and stopped by a pay phone. He put somenquarters in it and then dialled with his soar hand. \"It's done.\" He said shortly before hanging up and jogging away.[Chapter 4] \"Julie?\" Helen opened the door to her friends hospital room slightly,ntrying to see if she was awake. Julie, who had been looking out the window, turned her head and smilednweakly at Helen. \"Helen what are you doing here? It's early morning.\" Shensaid happy but surprised. Helen walked into the room. \"Yeah well...I woke up and Barry's out on hisnmorning jog so I figured I'd go see how you were.\" Julie smiled again. \"I'm fine, really. Does he know you're here? Barry Inmean.\" \"I left him a note.\" Helen told pulling up a chair so she could sit next tonthe bed. Julie nodded thoughtful. \"Good. I don't want him to worry about you.\" Helen looked sadly at her pale friend. Where was the preppy cheerleadernshe'd once known? \"Barry will be okay, I'm more worried about you.\" Julie snorted. \"This is all an over exaggeration, me lying here. They justndon't believe me and don't know where else to put me. You believe mynthough? Right Helen?\" Julie looked hopefull and Helen's eyes got big. Believe the killer was after them again? This many years later? She stood up to avoid the question. \"What about Ray? Have you called Ray?\"nShe asked and Julie turned her head away from her. \"Julie?\" Helen insisted. \"No I haven't.\" She mumbled and Helen frowned although she wasn'tnsurprised. \"But why...\" \"He doesn't need to know.\" Julie snapped. \"I don't want him in danger.\" Shenthen added softly and Helen hugged her hand. \"But if there's something after us, he deserves to know. He'd be safernthen.\" She hoped Julie would agree. She was sure that if she could get Raynthere it'd be easier. He and Julie had a connection no one else understood. If Ray could just come talk to Jule ...Helen sighed, she knew she wasnreaching for straws but they needed all help they could get. Julie needednhim. \"I don't want him here.\" Julie resisted. Ray meant too much feeling andnpain for her and her blonde fried saw it in her eyes. \"But you could talk...\" Helen kept insisting. \"No!\" Suddenly there was a lot more force in Julie's voice. \"He ...I ...nwe're not like you and Barry okay? We're not all sunshine and roses.We'rennot perfect!\" She said angrily and looked away. Helen crinkled her eyebrows looking upset. \"Perfect? Barry and I are *not*nperfect.\" She sighed and started to pace around. \"I mean, I love him ...Inprobably love him more and more for every day that passes. But...\" She tookna deep breath. \"But we're not okay.\" She exhaled and lookd at Julie with sad eyes. \"Didnyou know he cheated on me?\" The tears came to her eyes and she forcednherself to swallow before she continued. \"And I don't mean high school and all that. This was a year ago.\" Julie watched her slump down in the chair. She was shocked. \"What? How?\" She didnt' know what to ask. Helen smiled uncomfortable. \"We're still kind of working our way back fromnthat. I don't blame him ...well maybe a little. It's just that we have twonso different lives. He studies a lot, I work even more. He hangs out withnfrat guys and well let's just say my social crowd is quite different. Notnthat I mind, but it clashes. He wants to get trashed when I rather stay atnhome.\" Julie remembered Helen to be quite the party girl and frowned. \"But Inthought you...\" She started but got cut off by Helen who had a sad butnhonest smile on her face. \"I still like to party, don't get me wrong. It's just, I'm happiest whennI'm alone with Barry. Always have and always will be.\" Julie smiled a little. She knew that. Helen had always been a simple girl. \"I didn't know.\" She said a little ashamed but Helen waved dismissingly andnstood up. \"Which is as much my fault. I'm sorry Julie - that I haven't called ornwritten. I've been a bad friend, it's just with all going on...\" She pausednand Julie nodded understanding. \"I understand. It's okay. You had yours, I don't blame you.\" \"But I do.\" Helen sat down on the side of the bed. \"I could've been herenearlier, helped you.\" Julie looked at her with big tired eyes. \"I wish that I would've contactednyou but ... I didn't. And well, neither of us can take that back so letsnjust put it behind us.\" Helen smiled and squeezed Julie's hand. \"When did you go all wise?\" Shenjoked but then looked serious. \"Julie...\" She said and her friend nodded anlittle. \"He lives in Texas now, he's studying.\" She revealed. \"His number isnwritten on a pink note, lies in a jar in my kitchen. A glass jar.\" Juliennodded at Helen. \"Call him.\" She said just as Barry appeared in the door. When Helen saw his beaten face she rushed up to him, horror struck. \"Oh my God Barry, are you okay? What happened?\" She led him to the chairnand helped him sit down. \"It's nothing.\" Her boyfriend moaned. \"Pretty big nothing.\" Julie said and Barry glanced at her. \"It was just a bum. He wanted cash but I didn't have any.\" He said. Hendidn't want to worry either of the girls. Helen kneeled down by his chair with big sad eyes and unhappy mouth. Barrynput his hand under her chin and forced a smile. \"Cheer up Heller. It looks worse then it is.\" He tried to comfort but thenworry didn't leave her eyes. She had a bad feeling in her gut and looking into Barry's eyes she knewnthere was something he wasn't saying. Barry stroked her hair gently as the words 'you're next' kept ringing innhis head.[Chapter 5] Helen closed the door to Julie's apartment after her and Barry and thennrushed to his side to help him to the couch. \"Helen calm down, I'm okay.\" He said trying to smile but didn't quitenmanage. She slumped down looking miserable next to him. \"I can't calm down. Look at you Barry, you're a living bruise. Why won'tnyou go to the doctor? He might be able to help. Maybe you should...\" \"Helen.\" Barry interrupted her with a sharp tone of voice and she gotnsilent. He smiled softly and put his hand on her cheek. \"The doctor can'tndo anything. It's bruises and I'm not staying over at the hospital for ancouple of bruises. I'd rather be here with you.\" He gently brushed somenhair of her shoulder and played with it on her back. She tilted her head, leaning it towards his hand again. She looked sad andnworried, he hated when she looked sad and worried, at least when hencouldn't make it go away. \"How can you be so calm?\" She mumbled. \"I...Inkeep getting these awful memory flashes.\" Barry pulled her closer. If he could do anything, he'd make it so thatnnight had never happened. But he knew wishing didn't help. \"I remembernstuff too but ... Helen it isn't going to happen again. Julie is in a badnstate of mind, we need to help her but the only way we can do that is if wenstay stable. Don't go crazy like her.\" He saw Helen was about to object to that but he hushed her. \"She is a bitncrazy Heller, don't tell me you believe that a killer is after us.\" She looked into his eyes. \"Not until I saw you like this.\" He sighed. She was to smart this girl. 'You're next'. He shook his head tonget it out of his mind. That could've meant anything. He wasn't going tonworry Helen with telling her. She'd be frantic and would want to go thenpolice or something. \"This was a bad timing, unrelated, accident.\" He claimed but he could seenshe wasn't convinced. He leaned closer and put his forehead to hers smilingnat her. \"I wouldn't lie to you.\" He said feeling like the most rottennperson in the universe. But he got a smile out of her. \"I know.\" She mumbled and gave him a softnkiss. \"I'm sorry did that hurt?\" She afterwards asked since his lip wasncracked. He used his hands to cup her face. 'I love this girl' He thought. \"It's worth it.\" He told her and pressed his lips against hers again. Shenput her arms around his neck and pressed herself closer to him. \"Barry, I love you.\" She mumbled and he hugged her tightly. \"I love you to Heller.\" They both smiled and then kissed again. Helen leaned down over him as henstarted to lean back on the couch. But they sat up abruptly when they heardnthe door being opened. They exchanged confused glanced. Julie couldn't benhome now. A red haired woman strolled in, putting her keys on a table. She pausednlooking surprised when she spotted them. \"Oh, I ... didn't know you werenhere. I usually come here once or twice a week to water Julie's flowers.\" Helen squinted a little. \"Charlotte Lane right? Julie's psychatrist.\" Shenstood up from the couch and adjusted her clothing before she went up tonshake the psychatrits hand once more. \"I'm sorry if we startled you MsnLane. We were just here to get a number to one of our friends.\" \"Oh.\" The woman smiled widely. \"Call me Charlotte. Well don't let me be innyour way.\" She glanced at Barry. \"I'll just be a second.\" She let her eyesnstay at him and crinkled her eyebrows slightly. \"What happened to you MrnCox?\" She asked concerned. Barry shrugged it off. \"It's nothing.\" \"Mugger.\" Helen said and Charlotte nodded disliking. \"Yes, they've been an increasing number lately. It's a shame really.\" Shenshook her head a little. \"You might want to let a doctor take a look atnthat.\" She added to Barry before she reached for her keys. \"Well I shouldnleave. Nice to meet you both again.\" She quickly left and Helen went backnto Barry. \"I don't like her.\" He said. \"She ...I can't picture her with Julie.nHelping her.\" Helen shrugged sitting down on the back of the couch staring at the door.n\"Well you've never really believed in psychiatry have you sweetie?\" Barry nodded admitting. \"True, but if she came here to water Julie'snflowers - why didn't she do any watering?\" Helen frowned. \"Maybe we surprised her. She might not be a people person.nOr she felt like she was intruding.\" Barry put his hand on her back. \"She was.\" Helen glanced at him and smiled a little, but the mood was gone. She stoodnup and walked with long steps into the kitchen. \"Let's get what we came fornand get out of here.\" Barry sighed and stood up from his place in the couch. Helen soon joinednhim again, now with a little pink note in her hand that she held on to withnboth hands. Barry smiled at her, thinking it was cute, and put his armnaround her shoulders as they walked out. \"I'm sure Ray will come right away.\" Helen said sure of herself. \"He'llncome and everything will get better. I'm sure of it.\" She said as they gotninto the cab taking them back to the hotel. ***** \"I'm going to call Ray right away.\" Helen said as she and Barry walked intontheir hotel room again. She nodded smiling at Barry who was closing thendoor. Then she turned her head to go to the phone. She froze in her moves. Barry came up to her. \"What's wrong?\" He wondered but then followed herneyes. It wasn't hard to realise what she was staring at. Their room, it hadnbeen totally trashed. Everything was ripped out of bags and drawers, a lampnlay broken on the floor. Even the bed sheets were all torn out of the bed. \"What the hell?\" Barry asked angry stepping further into the room. \"Whatnthe hell happened?\" He growled. It looked like a hurricane had gone throughnthere. Helen was so shocked she couldn't even say anything. She slumpedndown on the bed still staring at the destruction all around. What was going on? ***** \"Ray? It's me ...Helen. Helen Shivers.\" Helen explained happily into thenphone line when their old friend had picked up on her second try ofnreaching him at that number. First time no one had answered. She was calling from their new hotel room. They staff of their hotel hadnbeen extremely helpful and understanding once they'd understood that itnwasn't Helen and Barry themselves that had trashed the room. They'd gottenna new one almost in an instant and got help to move their things over. Somenof it was broken though. But Helen didn't let it put her down. \"Helen?\" Ray seemed surprised. \"It's great to hear from you!\" He hesitatedn\"Is...everything alright?\" He sounded worried and Helen sighed a little,nshe'd missed Ray she realised now. \"Helen?\" She shook her head a little. \"I'm sorry that I have to tell you this but -nno - everything is not alright. Barry and I are in Boston, visiting Julie.\"nShe started and could practically hear how Ray grabbed a tighter hold ofnhis reciever. \"Julie. Is she okay? Tell me she's okay?\" He breathed hard and Helennglanced sadly at Barry who caressed her shoulder, urging her to go on. \"No...she's not. She ...had an accident.\" Helen didn't want to tell himnthat it was a possible suicied attempt. She just couldn't get the wordsnover her lips. \"Calm down Ray.\" She commanded a little bit firmer when henstarted to rant something. \"We were hoping you could come here. I mean to help Julie\" Ray got quite for a few seconds. \"I want to come, don't get me wrong Helennbut - does she want me there?\" Helen wasn't sure if Julie did or didn't, but she had given her the number.nShe was sure Julie wanted to, she just didn't want to admit it to anybody.n\"I'm sure she does Ray. You are important to Julie. Now I don't know whynyou guys broke up, but I do know that you're important to her. Verynimportant. She needs you.\" She clutched Barry's hand harder hoping that Raynwould say yes. \"I'll take the next flight.\" The other boy promised and Helen smiled. Shenknew they could at leats count on Ray.[Chapter 6] They were standing outside the airport next morning. Ray had gotten theirnhotel number and had called as soon as he'd gotten reservations, and toldnthem what flight he'd be taking. He was arriving with the 9 a.m. flight.nBarry and Helen had rented a car so they could drive him to the hospital tonsee Julie directly. They were going to drive her home that day anyway. She was being releasednfrom the hospital, on her own demands, and Charlotte Lane had made itnhappen. Helen was thankful the red haired woman had been there, she herselfnhated hospitals and the staff - they always made everything harder then itnshould be. Barry was on his third cup of coffee as they waited in the arrival hall tonsee Ray. He had been up all night, watching over Helen. He couldn't sleepneven if he'd tried. The trashed hotel room was too much of a co-incident tonnot be linked to his attack. He glanced at Helen next to him. She'd slept but she'd been havingnnightmares all night, he'd woken her up every thirty minutes or so. Henstarted to wish they'd never gone to Boston. \"Barry.\" The sweet voice yanked him out of his train of thoughts. \"Yeah.\" He lookedndown on Helen. \"I need go to the bathroom. All that coffee. Can you wait here?\" Barry pulled her closer and gave her head a kiss. \"I won't move a muscle.\"nHe promised andnshe smiled. \"Not even blinking?\" She joked. He grinned thougthful. \"Well...I'll try but if my eyeballs start itching Incan't make any promises in stone.\" \"Okay, I guess that'll have to do. I'll be back in a sec.\" He watched her disappear in the crowd of people and then turned his eyesnback to the gate were they expected Ray to come from. He squinted. Itnwasn't a lot of people there and Ray's flight wasn't scheduled to arrivenuntil another five minutes, but you never knew. He sipped his coffee andnkept a watchful eye at the moving crowd. **** Helen glanced at her wrist watch, standing in the line of the bathroom. Itnseemed to take forever. Was every woman in the building standing here justnto spite her? The line only seemed to be growing in all kinds of ways, notnshrinking. She sighed and glanced around. There had to be another bathroom. She moved away from the line, looking around. The mens seemed to be just asnoccupied as the womens to her surprise. She wanted to be in time to greetnRay welcome. It had been a long time since she'd seen him. She wonderednwhat he looked like, as she moved down by the little shops with candy andnliquor. She spotted a janitor, picking up a great assortment of different plasticncups from the floor. They lay moshed together with two tipped over bucketsnof KFC. Helen did a face of disgust. Poor man, there had probably been annot to happy childrens family there. The mess certainly interpreted that. She moved up to him. \"Excuse me sir.\" She said with a kind smile and henstraightened his back. \"Do you know were there's a bathroom?\" He gave her a pensive look. \"I know you.\" He said and Helen frowned. She'dnnever seen the man before in her life. But he seemed quite sure of it,nwaving his finger at her. \"Yes, it's you. From tv. You read the news.\" \"Oh.\" Helen smiled. \"Yes. I do.\" She nodded a little. \"I don't want to benrude, but I'm in a hurry and I need a bathroom.\" She tilted her head thenway she usually did when she wanted to persudade someone into something,nand wrinkled her nose ever so slightly. The man melted directly. \"Oh yes, yes. Of course.\" He turned halfwaysnpointing at a corner right by some benches. \"Take left over there. Therenare bathrooms right there.\" \"Thank you.\" Helen said and moved away from him, she heard him mumblednsomething about amazing and celebrities but she didn't take time to staynand listen to anything else he might have to say. She didn't considernherself a celebrity. The bathrooms were empty to her surprise. Apperantly no one else hadnthought of the idea to go to another bathroom then the one by the arrivals.nShe shook her head a little and found an empty stall. When she closed the door behind her she heard a noise. It was like a thudnbut also a scratch, like a squeaky scratch on a ballon. She frowned butnjust figured it was some child who was in there. Then a note was passed under the door and she hesitated in her moves beforenshe leaned down and picked it up. It was blank on the upper side but shencould see there was something written on the inside, so she unfolded it,nhearing the bells of alarm in the back of her head. \"What ever you do. Don't look up.\" She read loud and crinkled her eyebrows.n\"What?\" She snorted and then looked up anyway. She didn't see what it wasnbut something big came at her and her scream was soon silenced and she laynunconcious on the white tiled floor. ********* The crowd had grown a lot in just a few minutes and Barry back off a littlento avoid the main stream of people brushing past him. His tired eyes foughtnto keep open and look for his friend. It struck him that they didn't knownwhat Ray looked like these days. He could've change a lot, some people did. But when Barry's eyes saw the familiar face in the mosh he could tell Raynhadn't changed a bit since high school. It made him wonder if he looked thensame too. He reached up his arm and waved at the dark haired boy who spotted him andnnodded, starting to push his way up to him. \"Hey Barry!\" \"Hey man. How's it been?\" They didn't hug or anything, it felt stiff enoughnalready. Ray shrugged. \"I'd say same old same old but that would be a lie. Collegenman now.\" \"Yeah so I heard. Texas huh? Glad that's working out for you.\" Barry noddednand threw away the empty coffee cup in a trash can close by. \"Yeah well, things got pretty hard here and then when...it ended...I kindnof needed to get as far away as possible. Couldn't afford China so Texasnwas the next best thing.\" Barry laughed. \"I hear you man.\" He looked at his friends bag, Ray onlyncarried one. \"Travell light. Good quality.\" He said. He'd planned onnoffering to carry one of the bags but since there was only one it feltnstupid to ask if he should take it. Ray shrugged again. \"Threw some stuff in. Didn't really care. Where'snHelen?\" He looked around and Barry frowned. He hadn't realised how longntime had passed since she'd left. He glanced at his clock. \"She was going to the bathroom but ... that was 15 minutes ago. Weird.\" Ray grinned. \"Well you know girls. The line is always stretched to infinty.nHave no idea why but it always is. She'll probably be back any second.\" Henwent over to some plastic chairs by some big windows showing the view ofnthe city. \"Probably.\" Barry sat down next to his friend, still not consoled. \"So.\" Ray glanced at his friend. \"While we wait. Mind telling me what trucknran you over.\" The blonde guy moved his shoulders in something resembling a shrug.n\"Mugger. Nothing serious.\" His eyes kept wandering over the crowd, lookingnfor a petite blonde head. Both guys sank into a mind numbing silence. Bothnof them wanted to get to their girls and get out of this cycle of badnmemories. *************************' A/N: Sorry it took a while but now there's a new chapter up. It's not longnbut it's all I got. So please R+R =)[Chapter 7] \"You don't understand!\" Barry exclaimed upset. \"She's been gone for overntwo hours! We've looked for her everywhere. And we can't find her.\" Henstared at the guard in front of him who had his arms crossed over hisnbeerbelly, looking down on Barry with condescending eyes. \"Sir, calm down. She might've left without you.\" He didn't believe Barry.nHe had much experience with people disappearing from their partners ornspouses or whatever kids were these days. He worked at an airport, peoplencame here to leave. But the guy in front of him refused to accept it, hisndark haired friend wasn't much better. \"Helen wouldn't leave without me! She was going to the bathroom.\" Barryntried to explain as clear as possible, he wanted to beat it into the guardsnhead so he'd help them. He was going frantic. If anything had happened tonher he'd never forgive himself. At first Ray had been a little surprised over his reaction, then she'd beenngone half an hour and he'd been blaming the long lines. But Barry hadninsisted something had happened and they'd spent an hour and a half lookingnfor her without succes. Now even Ray was feeling the nudging fear and worrynthat was starting to become such a familiar feeling. \"I don't have time for this sir.\" The guard tried to get away from Barrynwho grabbed his collar and got a very threatening look back. Ray steppednbetween and pushed Barry away from the large guard. \"I'm sorry.\" He apologized. \"But this is a very dear friend of ours.\" Henglanced at Barry. \"Fianceé even.\" He added. \"She isn't the type who walksnoff, in fact I know she'd never walk away from Barry here if there wasnstill a breath in her body.\" Barry felt something take a cold grip around his heart hearing that. Ifnthere was still a breath in her body. That spelled out that there was anpossibility there wasn't. \"Heller.\" He mumbled quietly trying to lean on something. But there wasnnothing to lean on, so he just stood there in a bent forward positionnstaring at the floor. Ray didn't notice. He was busy with the guard. \"So you see, any - any -nhelp at all, would be much appriciated. We need to get to the hospital andnwe are running very late. Is there any chance you could help us. Call hernout on the speakers or something?\" The guard scratched his beard. He glanced at Barry and then nodded. \"Yes,nokay. I will have her name called out on the speakers.\" He sighed a littlenand then pulled out a piece of paper and a pen from his back pocket. \"What is the name of the missing girl?\" \"Helen, Helen Shivers.\" Ray told just as a janitor pushed his broom bynBarry. He threw the blonde guy a concerned glance but then flinched hearingnthe familiar name. \"Helen Shivers, the girl from the news.\" He said and Barry who'dnstraightened his back nodded. \"Yeah, she's an anchorwoman.\" He confirmed, his eyes two hollow pits. \"No, no. She's here. The girl from the news is here.\" The janitor saidnexcited and both Ray and Barry turned their attention to him. \"You saw her?\" He looked at Ray. \"Si, she was looking for the bathroom. Very nice girl.\"nHe smiled again at Barry who's eyes got wide. \"Where? When? Do you know where she is?\" The security guard pushed him away and stepped between. \"I'll handle thisnsir.\" He said and turned to the janitor. \"Can you show us where she went?\" The poor guy looked confused on the three men in front of him, his smilenwas gone. \"Si, si.\" He nodded and put his broom to the side. \"She went overnhere.\" He led the way and the others followed. \"She's okay Barry.\" Ray reassured as they got closer to the bathroom. Hisnfriend kept running his hand through his hair, breathing hard and rubbingnhis face with his other hand. Ray knew there was no comfort until he'd putnhis eyes on Helen and that there was nothing he could do, so he kept quietnand let Barry take the lead. \"Here.\" The janitor stopped in front of the bathroom and Barry immediatleynrushed in, ignoring the possibility of any girls being in there and thenguard calling him. It took a couple of seconds of surveying the room in front of him. He sawnnothing out of the ordinaire, not a soul in sight. Then in the corner ofnhis eye he spotted the tiny hand, right below the door to a stall. He immediatley ran over and pushed it open, the guard and Ray at his tail. \"Helen.\" He cried seeing it was her lying unconcious on the floor. Therenwas blood on her left temple and he lifted her up into his lap. \"Helen\" Hencalled again, shaking her, tears emerging his eyes. Ray stopped putting his hand on the wall and the other over his mouth. Thennightmare was never going the end. The guard was trying to use the walkie-talkie thing he had on him but itndidn't seem to work. He mumbled something about 911 and then rushed out ofnthe bathroom. Time stood still. Ray kept staring at the scene in front of him. Two of his best friends onnthe floor, one of them lifeless in the others arms. He had to get to Julie.nHe had to see that she was okay. But he couldn't move. His feet had thenweight of two stone blocks and his legs refused to work. He kept staring, wishing to wake from this hell. **********' Julie was waiting in her room. She was supposed to have been picked up annhour ago and the hospital staff was giving her angry looks. She had her bagnon the bed and was dressed and everything. She was thinking of going out into the entrance but then she was sure she'dnmiss her friends and they'd spend forever trying to find each other in thenbig building. So she stayed put and kept glancing at the clock. Somethingnmust've happen. Anxiety grew within her and she jumped high when somebody opened the doornbehind her. \"Oh, I'm sorry miss. I didn't know you were still in here.\" It was a malennurse who'd stopped by a couple of times during her stay. She hadn't likednhim. There was something off putting about his eyes. But Julie still forced a smile. \"Oh, it's okay. I'm not supposed to be, butnmy friends are running late. I can go out in the hall if you want me to.\"nShe gestured at the door but the guy shook his head and showed his pearlynwhites. He was very neat and clean, almost to overexaggeration. She wasn't sure whynbut he made her nervous. Something about his presence. \"No, no you don't have to. I'll be out of here any second.\" He said with annod and changed some blankets or something in a small closet. Prettynuseless thing to do and even if she didn't look at him she was sure shenfelt his eyes on her. 'Stop being so paranoid Julie' She told herself in her head. \"Have a nice day miss.\" He said with another row of pearly whites and thennhe was gone. She relaxed. \"I'm not well.\" She mumbled as Ray came rushing into the room. \"Ray!\" Shenexclaimed happily but the look on his face made her smile die. \"Jules.\" He said and gave her a firm hug that seemed longer then just anfriendship hug. \"It's Helen.\" He said as he let her go. \"She's just beennbrought in.\" Julie thought her head was going to explode. She grabbed his arm crampishlynas her knees went soft underneath her. \"What? Brought in? What do you meannbrought in? Is she okay?\" Ray shook his head and Julie's eyes expanded to absoulte widest width. \"We have to get to her! Is Barry there? We have to get to her!\" She saidnall in a rushed mosh and Ray nodded matter of factly. \"I'll take you to her.\" He promised, putting his arm around her shoulder -nkeeping her on her legs, and grabbing her bag with his other hand. \"Comenon. This way.\" He said leading her away.[Chapter 8] Ray and Julie found Barry arguing with a nurse by a vending machine. \"You have to let me see her! Tell me that she's alright! Tell me anything.\"nHe screamed angrily and Ray immediatley dropped Julie's bag and rushed upnand walked between the furious Barry and the annoyed nurse. Julie smiled,nshe'd forgotten how good Ray was at being a meddler. \"I can't tell you at this point.\" The nurse said with a sharp tone to Barrynand quickly turned around and left after giving Ray a firm look, tellingnhim to keep his friend in line. \"Calm down Barry.\" Ray asked as a following but his friend pushed him off. \"I won't calm down! These bastards won't tell me anything!\" Barry's voicenreached desperation and he let out a moan of saddness. \"Ray, I can't letnher die.\" \"You won't.\" His friend reassured him. \"But you screaming like an idiotnwon't help that. Let the hospital staff do their work, they know how tonhelp her.\" He looked at Barry who seemed to have calmed down. He touchednhis shoulder. \"Hey, don't you understand that there's nothing you can do?\" \"No you don't understand!\" Barry snapped.He pointed at a door. \"That's myngirl in there. I'm nothing without her. I need her.\" \"And you don't think I know how that feels?\" Ray glanced at Julie whonimmediatley looked away. Barry let his eyes wander between the two of themnand an awkward silence fell over them all. Barry lowered his arm, staring at the floor. Then he got a second wind. Henlooked at Julie. \"So Jules, been having any scary killer nightmaresnlately?\" He asked sharply and she frowned. \"Hey man, back off.\" Ray took a step towards Julie but she shook her headnand took a step towards Barry instead. Her face tense and nostrils flared. \"You think I wanted this? I told you guys to go home! But you didn't.\" Herneyes got wet. \"I wished you'd never come here. I rather have myself dienthen let anything happen to any of you.\" She looked at Ray quickly but thennturned her eyes away, staring into a wall. Barry shook his head. \"There's no killer.\" He mumbled. Julie snorted. \"Yeah? So this is all a coinsidence? We're all in need ofnmedical care, except for Ray cause he just came. Give it a few days, thennmaybe we can get a discount. I've been here several days, you ... younBarry. Look at you - you look horrible. Bruised and limping. And Helen...\"nHer voice died. She put her hand over her face to muffle a tiny sob. This wasn't right.nHelen was the one who least of all deserved to get hurt. Ray put his arm on Julie's shoulder and she looked at him with big eyes. Ansmall bittersweet smile curled her lips. She was glad to see him, he lookedngood, but the circumstances were the worst possible. \"You were here because of yourself Julie.\" Barry clearified with a harshnvoice but she glared back at him. \"It was an accident Barry.\" \"Hey.\" Once again Ray stepped between. \"Biting each other's heads off won'tndo any good.\" He sighed. \"This is so messed up. What is going on? I justngot here. I don't really know anything. Can somebody please explain it tonme?\" He looked at both his friends who seemed calmer now but still edgy. Juliennodded. \"Let's sit down.\" She said and led him over to some green plastic chairs. Barry didn't follow them. He stood outside the door where Helen had beennbrought in and waited. ************' Barry didn't have to wait long. A nurse came out with a chart in her hand. \"Mr Cox?\" She asked seeing him and he nodded. Ray and Julie rose to theirnfeet a couple of feet away but didn't move up to him. \"Your fianceé will be fine. She has a concusion and will probably bensuffering from severe headaches to next couple of days. There was nonfractions or damages to her neck or spine - very lucky in this sort ofncase.\" She shot him a glare like he was responsible for it. \"Can I see her? I she awake?\" The nurse nodded. \"She is awake, but only barley. We're going to give hernsomething so she can sleep but you can go in for a few minutes if you'dnlike. She's in room 212. We had her moved.\" \"Thank you.\" Barry smiled relieved. He hadn't known something in him couldnfeel this good. Helen was alive and well. He looked at Julie and Ray andnnodded with a smile. They smiled too. \"Room 212.\" Barry said rushing ahead of them to see Helen. He knockedngently on the door before he peaked in. \"Heller?\" He saw her on the bed. She looked weak and horrible. He went up to her sidenand took her hand. Her eyes fluttered open. \"Hey.\" He said softly and she managed a smile. He leaned down giving her ankiss on the cheek. He was silent just looking at their linked hands for anfew seconds. Then he felt her giving a little pressure back to his grip andnlooked into her eyes again. \"I was scared.\" He admitted and saw her teeth. \"I was asleep.\" She laughed coyly. \"Guess it was my turn huh. Being the onenin a hospital bed.\" The sad smile made him squint his eyes a little. \"I'm glad you weren't shot. Definitley not an experience I want you to gonthrough.\" He grinned but knew it wasn't funny. \"We live a dangerous life.\" He shook his head. \"No, we have bad luck.\" Helen frowned. \"You still don't believe someone's after us? Barry, look atnme. This wasn't really a slip and fall accident. I have head trauma.\" Shencrinkled her face and put her hand to the side of her head as a shootingnpain struck her. Barry felt helpless, he couldn't take the pain away. \"Helen, I can'tnbelieve it. There's no reason.\" He felt her eyes and nodded a little. \"Okaynokay, there's a tiny reason but we cleared that up long ago. It's not anmovie, the past isn't coming back to haunt us. It's just... I don't knownwhat it is but... bad luck isn't totally off the charts here baby.\" He kissed her knuckles. \"Maybe we should go home.\" Her eyes got wide. \"Home? Barry, what about Julie? And Ray? I'm not justngoing to leave them here. They can be in danger. So can we.\" \"I know we are.\" Barry mumbled. He hadn't meant to, he didn't want to admitnthat he was scared of the possibilities. He avoided to look into Helen'sneyes but was forced to eventually. \"So you do believe this isn't just ... by accident.\" Barry sighed and stood up, rubbing his face with his hands. \"There'snsomething, I should've told you. But... I didn't want to worry you.\" Helen sat up a little. She didn't say anything but since he got quiet againnshe did. \"What? What didn't you tell me Barry?\" He looked at her and walked over to her side, taking her hand again. \"Injust didn't want to worry you. I was scared. I... it was when I gotnattacked... the 'mugger' didn't actually take anything and he ... he saidnsomething. He said... he said that I was next. That was what he whisperednto me: you're next. But apperantly that wasn't right cause I ... and nownyou...\" He got quiet and noticed that Helen's lower lip was quivering. She took her hand away from his grip and turned her head away. Two littlentears ran down her cheeks and she pressed her lips together. \"You told me Barry. That you weren't lying. But you lied. Again.\" Shenglared at him and he could see the hurt in her eyes. He hated himself. \"I know.\" He exhaled. \"But Helen I only did it cause I didn't want to worrynyou. I wanted to protect you.\" \"Well you failed at that didn't you.\" She pressed her lips tighter togethernand he leaned down and took her hand again, although she was a littlenreluctant. He kissed it. \"I'm so sorry Heller.\" He didn't have time to say anything else because annurse came in again. She seemed surprised to see Barry there. \"Oh, I'm sorry sir but you have tonleave. Visiting hours are long over and this little lady needs to rest.\"nShe came up to Helen with a needle in her hand and the automatic reactionnwas Helen pressing her nails into Barry's hand. \"No! I don't want any drugs.\" She shook her head and looked up at Barrynasking for help. The nurse looked at her like she was an obedient child. \"Oh but miss thisnis only to help you sleep. It's nothing heavy or addictive.\" She tried thensyringe, squirting out some of the contents and Helen sat up and put hernarms around Barry's arm, tugging it tightly. \"No! I don't want it.\" She said much firmer this time and the nurse sighed.nShe looked at Barry for support to but he put his arm around Helen'snshoulder. \"Okay, but if you changed your mind, push this little button here and I'llncome and give you something. Okay?\" Helen nodded. \"Good. Now sir, if you'd follow me...\" \"I want him to stay.\" Helen interrupted and the nurse seemed to sighninternally. \"But I really don't think...\" She saw the look on Helen's face and nodded.n\"I'll get someone to bring an extra bed in here.\" She promised leaving thenroom. Helen lay down again, her hand still holding Barry's to his joy. \"I don't want to be alone.\" She said. \"I'm still mad at you. But I don'tnwant to be alone.\" He nodded and kissed her forehead. \"I won't leave you alone. Never again.\"nHe pulled up a chair and sat down next to her bed with his lips pressed tonher hand. **************************************************' A/N: Thanks SO much for the response you guys! =) Keeps me going to knownsomeone's enjoying this. So yeah, thanks!!![Chapter 9] Julie and Ray sat next to each other on some chairs outside of Helen'snroom. They were silent but both of them felt the words hanging over them innthe air. And both of them felt the pressure from that making them mute. \"I missed you.\" Ray finally said and she twicthed a little but didn't looknat him. \"I ...\" Her voice died and he just nodded understanding putting his hand onnhers. \"It's okay Julie, you don't have to say it back.\" He didn't want her to saynsomething she didn't mean. He missed her so much, he thought about her allntime - he didn't want to get false hopes. He wanted her to hug him, to give him something, some small sign. But shendidn't. She closed herself further into her own mind and seemed to shrink,nwrapping her arms around herself and pulling her hand away from his. Ray sighed. This was why it hadn't worked out between them. He loved hernbut ...there was no response. He couldn't live like that. \"Sorry I haven't called that much.\" He said and Julie shook her head. \"I could've too. You had school and everything.\" He frowned. \"So did you, at least when I left. What happened Julie?\" Henknew that his voice was drenched with concern but he didn't even want tonhide it. Julie not in school, that was serious. She stared on her knees desperatley trying to hide behind her hair. \"I gotnkicked out.\" She finally mumbled weakly and he couldn't help but flinched. \"What?\" \"Yes. I got kicked out. Don't make me go into details.\" She pressed hernlips together and turned her big brown eyes to him. They looked so sad. Henreached out his hand and touched her cheek. She didn't move away, she justnbriefly closed her eyes. \"I won't.\" Ray promised and she almost smiled. \"I know you won't. Nobody understands me like you do.\" They shared a smilenbut then Julie looked away. \"I hope Helen will be okay. I feel...sonresponsible.\" \"Don't be silly.\" Ray shook his head and put his arm behind her, on thenback of the chair, and let his hand play with her hair. \"I'm not!\" She looked at him with big eyes, her lower lip quivering. \"Ray,nif it wouldn't have been for me none of you would've been here.\" She stoodnup and started to pace. \"I don't know Ray, maybe Barry's right, maybe Inreally am crazy.\" Ray stood up and put his hand on her shoulder, squeezing it comforting.n\"You're not crazy. You're under a lot of press but you're not crazy. Inbelieve you Jules, I believe you.\" When she looked at him her eyes were wet with tears. She opened her mouthnto say something but then she closed it and just leaned against his chest,nclosing her eyes.nRay put his arms around her and hugged her tightly. *****************' They were standing close, arms wrapped around each other, unaware of thenshadow watching them from afar. It lurked closer, stretched it's limits.nSmelled their scents. Part of it wishing form them to notice, to see. Tonget out of their own damned world for just a second. Then it pulled away, down the hall, disappearing. They would pay.nConsquences couldn't be avoided. ******************' Darkness was everywhere, reaching for her. Pulling her hair, trying to getnto her throat. She tried to fight it. Tried to push it off. Tried to live.nBut she couldn't breathe. She turned around, shook her head, tore hernclothes. Tried to break free. With a snap Julie woke up. She stared around her, people gave her crookednand condescending looks. She panted hard and Ray, next to her, put his handnon her arm. \"Julie! Julie!\" He called her name until she looked at him. He smiled andnbrushed some hair off her sweaty forehead. She'd had those nightmaresnbefore. He remembered the signs of them. She had hardly gotten any sleepnand kept waking up in a cold sweat, totally hysterical. It had only gottennworse. He'd convinced her to go to a shrink and it had gotten better, for a while.nNow he kissed her forehead like he'd done before and for a bleak second itnfelt like they were in their bedroom again. Like before. Then they parted and he remembered they were still at the hospital. Hisnbody was aching after sleeping in a chair. But he didn't stretch ornanything, he kept his eyes on Julie who took a couple of long calm breathsnand seemed to settle down. \"I ... I need...\" She stood up. \"I need to call Charlotte. I just need...\" Ray nodded standing up too. \"Sure. You do that. I'll go in and check hownthings are with Barry and Helen. Then we can eat something? Okay?\" Julie nodded. \"Okay.\" Ray put his hand to her cheek again and rubbed his thumb over it in a softnmove. \"It'll be okay.\" He tried to comfort but the words were empty andnneither of them felt better. **************' \"Charlotte.\" \"Yes.\" \"It's Julie.\" Julie let her hand grip tighter around the reciver and shenliked her lips for the fifth time since she dialled the number. Her mouthnwas dry. She hadn't talked to Charlotte in several days. Not to long agonshe'd talked to her every day, more then once. But she'd been mad and distracted. But mostly mad. She hadn't wanted tondrag Helen and Barry there. They were missing out on their real lives, theynwere getting hurt. They would've been better off not knowing. But Charlottenonly wanted her own good. \"Julie! I've been so worried. I was at the hospital to check on you butnthey said you checked out, I went to your apartment but no one was there.nAre you alright?\" Julie started to twirl the cord around her finger. \"Yes, I'm okay. I'mnstill at the hospital. But it's not me. It's Helen. She...well she's notnfeeling well.\" Something stopped Julie from using the word attacked. Peoplentended to think she was crazy. \"Is she alright? Hospital, sounds serious Julie. Do you want me to comenpick you up?\" \"No, no. That's okay. I just wanted to cancel todays appointment. I don'tnthink I'll make it. And ... I ... I had another nightmare.\" She glancednaround trying to move closer to the payphone so no one would hear her. She could her on the psychatrists breathing on the other line that she wasnupset. Charlotte had a very distinct way of breathing. \"Was it with the man again?\" \"No, I didn't see anybody. I was just sort of...drowning. It was differentnfrom the others.\" Charlotte made a click sound with her tongue. She did that often too. Itnwas her I'm-not-to-happy-with-the-situation noise. Julie knew she wantednher to come to their appointment but it didn't seem relevant to her know.nShe had to talk to the others, make them understand. Make them leave. \"Julie, I'm not to sure...\" The voice kept going on but she couldn't hearnit anymore. Her eyes had wandered and she saw him. The male nurse. The onenthat had been in her room the previous day. He looked at her and smiled and waved. She turned her eyes awaynimmediatley. \"I have to go.\" \"But...\" Julie hung up. She turned around looking for the nurse but he was gone.nTugging her sweater closer around her body she rushed to room 212 and wentnstraight in without knocking. Helen was laying in bed with Barry and Ray standing on both her sides. Theynall three turned their heads when Julie came in, looking like she'd seen anghost. \"It's about time we talk.\" She said seriously and no one of them gave her anresponse. Her hollow eyes wandered between them all and she took a deepnbreath, preparing to start. ************************************************************' A/N: Mega thanks for the response. =) Hopefully you'll complain if there'snsomething that bothers you. Stay tuned. Jen[Chapter 10] The others stared at Julie with worried, big or narrowed eyes. \"Talk about what?\" Barry asked with a sigh and Julie gave him a glare thatnshowed him she meant business. \"What do you think Barry?\" She turned to Ray and Helen. \"I know no one ofnus likes to think about what happened...a couple of years ago but ... itndid.\" \"Don't start with that Julie.\" Barry shook his head looking at Ray andnHelen too for support. Helen crinkled her eyebrows not sure on who to looknat. \"Yes I'll start with this! Don't even try to deny it. You know thatnsomething is going on. Look at us! It has to do with out past...and it'sntime we deal okay. So sit down and listen.\" The firm voice made Barry raised on of his eyebrows with dislike, but afterna few seconds of silence he did pull up a chair next to Helen's bed and satndown. When she had all eyes on her Julie took a deep breath. \"Okay, I think...no I know that somebody is trying to kill us. Fornreasons...we all know.\" She turned her eyes away for a few seconds but thennshook her head and straightened her back. \"Despite what people think Indidn't try to kill myself. The pills I took weren't even mine. I havenregular tylenol next to my bed, this was something much stronger but ofncourse the doctors didn't believe me when I said they weren't mine.\" \"What are you saying?\" Barry asked lazily and Julie sighed. \"That somebody planted them there. Either to kill me or to get you allnhere.\" Ray decided to cut in. \"But only Barry and Helen were called her first. Andnwe were all four in the accident so...\" \"I know.\" Julie interrupted. \"But you're hard to get a hold on. We tried.\" Helen gestured at Barry. \"Butnwe couldn't reach you until we got the number from Julie. Maybenthe...killer...didn't manage and figured that we'd get you here if wencame.\" Barry grunted. \"Killer? For all we know no one is dead! Maybe there's justnsomeone here who's trying to mess with our heads or something. It can bentotally unrelated to the accident! It can be some psycho who met you inntherapy or something.\" He said nodding at Julie who looked insulted. \"Barry.\" Helen said firmly. \"You might want to live and forget but so farn... it isn't working! This is the second time this comes back to haunt us.nYou know it is!\" Her eyes got shiny with tears. \"I don't want anything tonhappen to any of us. Now...tell the others what your attacker told you.\" \"Heller.\" Barry pleaded but she turned her head away from him and hensighed. Julie narrowed her eyes. \"He said something? Barry what did he say?\" He sighed again before he spoke. \"He said I was next. But apperantly he wasnhigh or something cause...\" He threw a sad eye at Helen. \"...I wasn'tnnext.\" A silence fell over the room for a few seconds. \"Hurting Helen is hurting you.\" Ray then mumbled coyly glancing at Julie.nHer cheeks turned pale pink and she avoided looking into his eyes. Helen though turned her head back at Barry and linked her hand with his.nShe gave him a little smile and he smiled too. \"So so far Julie's been nearly killed, Barry beaten up and Helen close tondeath too. Guess I'm left then.\" Ray swallowed hard leaning against a wall.nDeath and despair seemed to follow them hand in hand. They were just betternoff staying away from each other. \"What are we supposed to do about it? Leave town?\" Barry asked and Helennshook her head. \"That would qualify as running and hiding. Not dealing. I want to get ridnof this Barry. I'm beyond sick of it. Even if it means that I die.\" \"Don't say that.\" Barry stood up so quickly his chair fell backwards downnon the floor with a loud noise that made them all flinch. He squeezednHelen's hand. \"No one is going to die.\" \"Besides...I think I might know who it is...that's doing this.\" Julie'snvoice was cracked and weak but they all heard her clear as day. Staring atnher all three seemed to have too many questions on their minds to get anynoff them out. \"There's a nurse here. I keep seeing him around on places he reallynshouldn't be. I think...he might be involved. I didn't think too much aboutnhim first when I stayed here but I recognized him...and the smiles he wasngiving me. There was something there.\" Ray got a pained wrinkled between his dark eyebrows thinking there might bensomething romantically implied. Julie who read his mind shook her head. \"I had seen him before...I remember where today.\" She sighed looking at hernhands, gathering courage. \"I've seen him in therapy.\" She agreed with anquick glance at Barry. \"He has the sessions before me I think. Ever since Instarted there.\" \"Oh my god.\" Helen mumbled putting a hand over her mouth. She was feelingnsick to her stomach. \"But why? Why would he do this?\" \"I don't know.\" Julie flung her arms out. \"Maybe he's a remote relative ornsomething.\" \"God this is crazy.\" Barry shook his head. \"I still say we get the hell outnof here until things cool off.\" Ray nodded agreeing. \"Yeah maybe we should relocate anyway. If it's truenwhat you're saying that it's a nurse at this hospital then staying at thenhospital might not be the smartest thing to do.\" Helen sat up in her bed. \"I think so too. I don't want to be here anymore.nThis place gives me the wiggens. I think we should go to a hotel ornsomething. A new hotel.\" She added with a nod at Barry. Even Julie nodded. \"Okay, that sounds like a good idea. Ehm... I guess if Ingo and get a car then you guys can check Helen out of here.\" \"Good idea.\" Barry helped Helen to get her legs over the bed as Julienheaded for the door. Ray followed her. \"I'll go with you.\" She looked at him for a few seconds but then nodded. \"Yeah okay. See younguys at the entrance?\" \"Okay.\" Barry said who'd just gotten Helen's clothes from a drawer. Julienand Ray hurried down the hall and towards the exit. There was a rent-a-carnoffice close by where they'd get a car in a few seconds hopefully Julientold Ray. It only took them a few seconds before they got there. Julie touched Ray'snarm. \"I just need to go to the bathroom.\" She apologised and saw the look onnRay's face. \"You're not coming in with me. What happened to Helen...\" Shenpaused herself. \"It was different. You can get the car and I'll be out in ansecond. Okay?\" Ray nodded. \"Okay, but don't be too long.\" They moved in for a kiss but then froze mid-move awkwardly realising theynweren't together anymore. \"I'll be quick.\" Julie rushed away from him and in behind a bathroom door. **** Helen had gotten dressed faster then she ever had in her entire life. Shenhated hospitals and the prospect of leaving made her speedy gonzales.nUnfortunatley the hospital staff didn't have the same reaction. Signing hernout took almost half an hour. They kept insisting that she shouldn't leave and that Barry couldn't takencare of her even though they didn't really give her any good reasons to whynshe should stay. Using her evil eye and most angry tone of voice she finally got to signnsome slips and was then free to leave, altough she got some nasty eyes fromnthe nurse taking the hospital pen back from her. Helen shook her head. \"Morons.\" She mumbled as Barry put his arm aroundnher. They went to the entrance, standing right by the sliding glass doorsnso they'd have perfect vision of all people going in and out. \"Where are they? They should've been here now.\" Helen sighed after tennminutes glancing at the watch on her arm. \"I'm sure they'll be here.\" Barry hugged her a little tighter and shenleaned her head back so he could lean down and give her kiss. He didn'tnmind terribly the others being late. It just meant more alone time withnHelen, something he never minded. He glanced at a clock up on the wall andnfrowned a little. Worry starting to grow within him. *******' Julie got out from the bathroom later then anticipated. The bathroom hadnbeen occupied for a long time. She didn't see Ray and went up to the desk. \"I'm sorry has Ray Bronsonnrented a car here? I just came in with him but I seem to have lost him.\"nShe smiled apologizing and the girl behind the counter smiled widely backnat her. She checked a book right in front of her and then nodded. \"Yes, he rented anSaab it appears. I believe he went down to the garage to get it.\" \"Oh good. Where would this be?\" The girl gave Julie directions and she smiled for thanks before walkingndown to the underground garage to find Ray. She really wanted to getnmoving. \"Ray?\" She called as she pushed the red, heavy door open and took the firstnsteps into the garage. It was drafty and dark, she got cold shivers downnher spine. \"Ray.\" She repeated taking slow steps between the cars. She wished somebodynelse would be there too. Being what appeared to be alone in a big abandonedngarage wasn't what she counted as a safe feeling. Something trickled downnher neck and she jerked around. There was nothing there. \"I'm being paranoid.\" She mumbled to herself but then heard soft hissingnnoise. \"Julie...\" \"Ray?\" she tried to sharpened her ears, narrowing her eyes to see betternaround the cars. \"Ray!\" Her voice raised to a high sound pitch and shenturned around again. \"Julie.\" The voice came closer. \"Over here.\" It wasn't Ray. She could tell and immediatley turned around and started tonrun. Steps followed her and she ran faster then she'd ever done in hernentire life. *****************************************''**************************'' A/N: I do believe Rivers is Helen's last name in the book but Shivers isnthe one in the movie. I don't think that's Barry's nickname on her. Thatnwas Heller. But I'm not sure. Anyway, in this story her last name isnShivers. Thanks for the reviews! =)[Chapter 11] \"Yes, there is a Raymond Bronson here. He rented a white Saab.\" The girlnbehind the counter smiled at Barry and Helen. The two exchanged glances.nThen where were he and Julie?nBarry opened his mouth for further questions but an older woman appearednbehind the smiling one, she looked at them over her glasses with only anline for lips. \"Lindsey, you're not supposed to give them that information...it'snclassfied.\" She put her nose in the air at Barry and Helen who raised theirneyebrows. Both getting a few things in their minds they wanted to tell thenold bat but bit their tongues. The girl frowned. \"But these two are his friends.\" She gestured at the twonwho nodded eagerly. The bat rolled her eyes.n\"Yes, and for all we know they could also be his cousin or spouse.\" Shenlooked from Barry to Helen and then back to Lindsey. Her look told the girlnnot to say anymore. \"But we really are his friends.\" Helen insisted. \"They were supposed to rent a car and pick us up you see, which brings usnto our next question. Not related in anyway to anything classified.\" Henadded in the older ones direction but then focused on Lindsey. She wasn'tnsmiling anymore but she was carefully listening to every word leavingnBarry's mouth. \"Did you see a girl with him? Brown hair, sort of pale, name Julie.\" Lindsey took a few seconds looking really thoughtful staring up at thenceiling. Helen briefly thought that it looked like it was a pose she'dnpracticed on. \"Oh yes, she went to the bathroom...\" Helen winced. \"...while Mr Bronsonnrented the car. He'd already gone down to the garage when she came back.nShe went down a couple of seconds after him. Nice girl.\" \"So they went down to the garage and didn't come up again?\" The old woman stared at Barry. \"Well most of our customers drive out Mr.\"nShe said snappily. \"Now if you're not going to rent a car...\" \"We are.\" Helen quickly leaned towards the counter smiling widely atnLindsey who immediatley responded with an equally pleasant smile. Helen putnher purse next to her to pull out her drivers license. \"I mean if our friends stranded us here we must get ourselfs somewherenright?\" she laughed ingratiating which seemed to melt Lindsey completly andnthe two started chatting friendly about such things as the colour of thencar. Barry watched them midly confused. Then just as the old woman moved away,nhe recieved a glance from Helen, nodding at the computer in front ofnLindsey. He frowned but then saw Helen fling her eyes and mouth open. \"Oh my god.\" She squeaked grabbing Lindsey's hand staring at a glitteringnengagement ring. She started ohing and ahing and the friendly chat turnedninto female blabber. Barry took the chances to slightly leaned over thencounter, tilting his head, looking bored. He could see, the file that wasnopened, perfectly on the screen. He could see what car Ray had rented,nexactly. He stood straight again and Helen started wrapping up the deal withnLindsey, promising something about 'next time in New York'. She keptnsmiling so much Barry started to think that it must be hurting the cornersnof her mouth. \"Thank you.\" Helen replaced her wallet in her purse, flinging it over hernshoulder. Lindsey got the keys for their car but hesitated just as she wasnabout to put them in Helen's hand. \"You know...you look awfully familiar.\" Helen shrugged easy going. \"I get that a lot. Guess I just have one ofnthose faces.\" She took the keys saying her farewells at the same time asnlinking her arm with Barrys allowing him to lead her to the garage. When the heavy door closed behind them, separating them from Lindsey andnthe dripping noise of the dusky garage, she exhaled deeply. \"So, did you see what car Ray rented?\" Barry nodded. \"Yep, license plate and everything. It's supposed to stand innslot 34 down here. Should we go check if it's still here?\" \"Yeah, I guess. It's pretty big. Maybe we should split up.\" Helen felt thenlooked Barry gave her and she sighed a little putting her hand on his arm.n\"We'll be fine. We'll stay in earshot.\" Reluctant Barry forced himself to nod. \"Okay. But within earshot.\" Henkissed her cheek and they parted. He kept an eye on her over the tops ofnthe cars. \"By the way, where did that come from?\" \"What from what?\" Helen called back. \"The talk up there. You seemed to be very chummy after just a few seconds.\"nBarry looked at the numbers he passed. They all seemed to be mixed, nonparticular order of any sort. \"What genius planned this damned place?\" Henmuttered to himself. \"Female instincts, I don't know. I just needed her attention and spottednthe ring. Probably would've worked on me.\" Helen answered Barry's questionnglancing at the ring on her finger. She'd spent, probably several hours,nannoying her co-workers with talking about Barry and how she loved him. \"It would've?\" She could practically hear him gloat and stood on her toes to reward himnwith a smile.n\"Of course it would've.\" A warm fuzzy feeling made the anxiety ease up anlittle inside of her. Then she remembred they still had no idea about Ray'snand Julie's whereabouts and felt guilty for feeling safe for a few seconds.nShe looked around, only seeing numbers starting with a five or four, andnsighed. \"I hate this.\" She squeezed past a couple of cars and headed towards Barry.nHe stopped and turned around looking at her. He opened his arms for her andnshe hugged him tightly.n\"What if ....what if something...happened to them.\" She buried her face innhis chest, a feeling of security rooting inside her again. \"Nothing's happened to them...they're probably still just looking for thencar, this place is huge. Or they're at the hospital wondering where thenhell we are.\" Barry stroke his hand over her hair. \"We'll find them.\" Helen leaned back her head to look at him, about to say something shenopened her mouth but no sound came out as her eyes got fixed on a overnBarry's shoulder. \"Barry look, number 34.\" She got out and let go of him half running towardsnthe sign. They couldn't see it at first but as they got closer they noticednthat the slot was empty. \"Damn.\" Barry groaned irritated. \"I bet they're at the hospital. We shouldnreally have brought our cellphones.\" Helen held her hand on her elbow, glancing around sadly. \"Let's go therenthen. I'll feel better when I see them.\" Barry nodded, putting his hand on her lower back to lead her away, just asnscreeching tires made them pause, both looking surprised. A car came aroundna corner in top speed. It accelerated and the two head lights came closer,nstraight at them in fact. Helen narrowed her eyes to the bright light, not seeing properly. But Barrynrealised what the aim was and threw himself over Helen with all the forcenhe could upbring, pushing them both out of the way. The landed hard withnmoans of discomfort. Helen threw her hair over her shoulder looking after the disappearing car.nShe panted. \"Did you see what I just saw?\" Barry nodded. \"It was Ray's car.\" Helen nodded at him too but her eyes were big and wary. \"But it wasn't Rayndriving.\"[Chapter 12] \"Oh my god, this is so sick,\" Helen sighed near tears again. She was still on the ground, not sure her legs would carry her if she'd tried to stand up right now. What had happened to Ray? She panted hard, rubbing her hand over her face. \"We made a mistake,\" she mumbled to herself not paying any attention to Barry getting to his feet. He looked saddly down at her and leaned down to help her up. \"Heller, this is...\" \"Payback, we're bad people Barry. We're bad people. How else can you explain this? Would this happen to a good person?\" He shook his head a little. \"We're not bad people, we just have extremly bad luck. Now come on, we need to get out of here,\" he took a hold of her arm, pulling her up as she placed a palm on the ground to help him by pushing herself up. She paused her moves. \"Wait, Barry, what's that?\" she asked laying down again. She squinted, seeing something under another car. \"I think I see something.\" He frowned, squatting, looking where she was looking, he saw nothing. \"It's probably a tire or something.\" \"It's not a tire,\" Helen spat out, quickly getting to her feet now. Barry followed her moves as she quickened her pace, practically running to another row of cars. \"It's...\" she stopped, her eyes growing huge. \"What is it?\" Barry asked coming closer. He saw something colorful behind the car but couldn't tell what it was. Helen dropped to her knees and he walked around the car. \"Oh my god,\" he gasped, \"Julie?\" The girl on the ground was unconscious, a streak of blood running from her forehead and a fat lip growing. She looked horrible, being as pale as ghost and all. She almost looked dead. But he could see her chest heave up and down to his relief. Helen shook her friends shoulders. \"Julie, Julie wake up. Please wake up.\" \"She unconcious. Should we take her to the hospital?\" \"Again? They'll never let us leave,\" the blonde ran a hand through her hair. Julie wasn't a bad person, this she knew. Her fiancee nodded. \"Then we'll take her somewhere else. Can't stay here though,\" he glanced around, half expecting the screeching car to show up again and finish them all off. He kept wondering why it just didn't. Who ever it was, he was having fun. Too much fun to just kill them when chance was given. This wasn't about death anymore, it was beyond that, it was much more personal. He looked back at the two girls, they had to get to safety. \"Where do we go? Hotel?\" He shook his head. \"Julie's apartment is probably better.\" He squeezed past Helen and squatted down as he put his arms under the sleeping brunette and lifted her up. \"Where's our car?\" \"Ray?\" Julie slowly opened her eyes. She blinked a couple of times, getting them used to the light. Supporting herself on her elbows she sat up halfways and looked around in her own livingroom. She was lying on the couch, Helen was sitting next to her and Barry was anxiously pacing by the windows. \"Where's Ray?\" \"We don't know,\" Helen told looking away, \"we only found you. Almost didn't,\" she sighed. \"Julie what happened?\" \"I don't know,\" the brunette stuttered and sat up further, she excepted the glass of water that Helen offered and drank trying to stop the buzzing in her head. \"Ray was getting the car and I went down to find him. Then someobdy called my name,\" she cringed at the memory, \"I ran. I couldn't do anything else, I didn't see Ray anywhere.\" \"Okay,\" Barry flung out his arms and turned to them. \"This is going too far. We're not gonna play this game anymore.\" His girl sent him a glare. \"Well, what do you propose we do? We're not excactly in charge here.\" Barry nodded and walked up to her by the couch. \"And why is that? Because we're letting this sick s.o.b. take it from us! We're running around being scared – letting him pick us off one by one. It's time we do something.\" He walked past them and out to the kitchen, both girls staring at him and when he disppeared from their sight, they exchanged glances instead. \"We're all tired,\" Helen said softly, caressing Julie's head. \"Do you want to sleep?\" She was worried Julie would strain herself if they began some crazy witch hunt for a person they had no idea who it was. But her darkhaired friend shook her head. \"No, I agree with Barry,\" she said pensivly, \"ít's time we do something about this. I am not going to die and I am not leaving Ray alone with that lunatic,\" with determined eyes she threw the blanket, covering her, to the side and sat up. Barry re-entered the room with a pen and a pad in his hand. He crinkled his eyebrows a little at the new strenght he saw in Julie but he didn't comment on it. They needed it. He looked at Helen as he took a seat in an armchair. He wasn't going to let anything happen to her. This madman had tortured her long enough, he didn't cared what happened to himself – as long as she made it out of this alive. Noticing his looks Helen gave him a smile and nodded at the pad in his hand. \"What do you need that for?\" \"We're making a list,\" Barry explained leaning his elbows on his knees, \"we're going to write down every possible person we can think of who could possibly have the slightest thing against us. A minor grudge, a burning hatred – it doesn't matter. They all go on the list. Okay?\" Julie nodded first. \"That nurse, if he's not on your suspicion lists then I don't know what you're thinking with.\" She shuddered. \"I can just see him – watching, waiting,\" she shook her head as tears surfaced her eyes. \"We have to find Ray,\" she mumbled and Helen patted her back, trying to console. \"And we will. This sick bastard has put us through a lot these latest couple of days but – as far as we know – we're all still kicking and breathing. For some reason I think he wants to keep it that way.\" Julie grumbled something to herself and then stood up, beginning to pace in Barry's place. Her friends began to speak in low voices behind her, low enough so the neighbours wouldn't hear a peep, but high enough for Julie to hear every word. She stopped listening after a while though when she felt they weren't making sense anymore. They all knew why this was happening – why did they try and rationalize it? There was no other explanation. They were paying for their mistake. A memory flashback made her legs weak and she leaned against the wall. \"Are you okay?\" Helen's sweet voice immediatley sounded. Julie didn't look at her but used her hair to obscure her face, walking towards her bedroom. \"I need to call Charlotte,\" she mumbled heading for privacy.[Chapter 13] \"Losing all hope\" \"My heart is breaking for her,\" Helen told standing by the kitchen entry, staring at Julie's closed bedroom door. She looked at her fiancee sitting on his armchair, fiddling with the list she suspected would do them no good. But she understood Barry needed to keep busy, needed to keep his mind elsewhere. \"I don't know what I would've done in her place,\" she kept talking, filling her own need of drowning out the fright screaming in her head. \"If he would've taken you,\" she added mumbling and Barry looked at her over his shoulder. He stood up and walked over to her, putting his arms around her. \"I'll never leave you Heller, not without a fight.\" \"How do you know Ray didn't say the exact same thing to Jules before that nutcase kidnapped him!?\" Barry was silent because he didn't know. He held his girl a little tighter and hushed her. \"Whatever he has in store, we'll deal. I'll not leave you and I will not let him take you,\" he said with fire in his voice. He knew at least part of it was true. He'd never let the bastard take Helen. \"Barry?\" Her voice sounded different and he let go off her a little, looking down on her face that wasn't focused on his anymore. She was staring at to the side and he let his eyes follow hers. \"There's a message,\" Helen pointed at the answering machine, taking a step towards it. \"It's Julie's,\" she put a hand on Barry's hand when he was about to press the button. Barry nodded and turned his head over his shoulder. \"Jules, get out here.\" She let them wait for a few seconds but soon enough the door was opened and Julie came out, looking every bit like the pale ghost she'd been looking like lately. No improvement at all, she hadn't even changed her clothes, even though there was blood on her top. She had at least scrubbed away the blood from the gash on her forehead, the fatlip still seemed to cover half her face. \"What?\" she asked, looking up on them under her lashes. \"There's a message,\" Barry replied with a shrug pointing at the answering machine. It seemed to take a few moments for the brunette to realise what they were talking about, when she did she shuffled her feet over to them and pressed the button, folding her arms across her chest as she listened. Barry sighed and turned around, heading back to his chair. His moves froze when a dark voice filled the room. \" Julie... are you there?\" It drawled and the sniggered. \"Of course you're not. I can see you right now... limp on the ground. It's a good look for you.\" Helen reached out for Barry who directly took her in his arms again, trying to protect her from phantoms beginning to haunt her mind again. \" Helen... and Barry... they're coming for you. A bit slow though, maybe they just don't care anymore. If they were smart they would've abandoned you and Ray long time ago,\" there was another snigger, \"but they're not smart. The beautiful people,\" for a moment the voice sounded bitter but then shone up . \"Oh, and don't worry about Ray. He's good – aren't you?\" The three friend's heart's stopped when they heard muffled cries of pain from their friend. Julie covered her mouth with her hands and Helen hid her face in Barry's chest. The low, drawling voice came back – he was amused. \"Don't y'all go and be jealous now. Your time will come... don't you know... vengance is timeless.\" There was a sharp tone and then all sound died for a few seconds before the tape began to rewind. They remained still. \"Vegance is timeless?\" Barry suddenly spoke with a clear voice and snorted. \"Who is this dimwit? Somebody who's been overdosing on horrorflicks?\" He let go of Helen and took a couple of steps away, running his hand through his hair. Exhaling loudly. \"Who cares?\" Julie cried. \"He's hurting Ray – we... we can't...,\" unable to find words she grunted with frustration and hid her tearstained face in her palms. Looking between her friends Helen felt split in two. She was scared, she was fed up and she had no idea what they could do. She was just a girl for crying out loud. \"I'm gonna make coffee,\" she said mostly to say something and headed into the kitchen. She had to breathe. \"Helen,\" Barry called out to point out that it was useless cause nobody wanted coffee, but when she didn't answer he didn't follow. If she needed to keep her hands busy who was he to take that from her. He glared at his stupid list and in a fit of rage he tore it into several little pieces. Julie didn't seem to notice. She was locked inside her own head, hiding her sight from the world and only seeing the images played before her eyes by her imagination. The smell of freshly made coffee filled the room and Barry filled a cup and put it in front of him. Mostly to make Helen feel better.[Chapter 14] \"Lashing out\" \"Julie!\" Helen dashed into the kitchen closely followed by Barry. \"Jules are you okay?\" Helen panted as Barry kept his eyes wandering around the room. His fists were balled, ready to hit something... anything. But no matter how hard he squinted into the dark he couldn't see anything there. They seemed to be alone. \"Julie?\" Helen shook her friends arm before staring down on the floor where the brunette's gaze was locked. Something glimmered and with a light kneel she picked it up into her hands. It was a male necklace. Barry noticed that the girls had found something and lowered his hands. \"No one's here.\" He almost seemed disappointed. In a way he was. If somebody had been there he'd gotten to do something. \"What are you looking at?\" \"A necklace.\" Helen shrugged at first but then crinkled her eyebrows in sudden understanding. \"Is it Rays?\" Julie nodded ever so slightly. \"Yes.\" When a silence covered matched the darkness of the room, Barry sighed and put his hands on his sides. If they were getting sentimental over inaminate objects he was going back to sleep. But before he had time to comment Julie wetted her dry lips and took the necklace into her hands. Her fingers were shaking. \"It wasn't here earlier. Somebody must've... somebody must've have put it there.\" With large doe-eyes she turned to her two friends. Barry snorted and shook his head. \"Impossible. We've been here for hours.\" The meaning female eyes made him repeat his snort. \"I think we would have woken up in case anybody snuck in here!\" \"You didn't wake up when I passed the livingroom,\" Julie retorted feeling a surge of bravery in her veins. He had been here. In her apartment. Yet they were still alive. Chances for Ray seemed much better now. \"No,\" it was Helen who shook her head now, \"that's different. I think. If the... killer... had been here...\" she looked at Barry for support. \"I mean – leaving a neckalce. It's kinda lame. Are you sure you didn't just forget that you put it there? Barry, did you find it on the floor or something and put it up on the counter?\" \"No I didn't but I still don't believe somebody snuck in here.\" Julie grunted with frustration. Why were they so thick headed? Was it so hard to believe that a psychopath wanted to torture them some more? She didn't think so. \"Well how did it get here? It's impossible that Ray or I would've left it here. That leaves you two and that seems just as impossible. So then there's one more option...\" The couple exchanged pained glances. It didn't seem as likely to them. Helen gathered her courage before putting her hand on Julie's arm. There was no easy way to say this. \"Julie, I don't mean to disrespect you or anything but... I mean before your... 'accident' that lead to the whole hospital visit...\" she sighed. \"I talked to Charlotte and she told me you'd been acting, y'know, not really like you. You might've put it in here and just... forgotten about it. It's not impossible.\" Julie gaped. She stared between the two. \"So I'm just insane? Tell me Helen – is this just a psychosis of mine? A very vivid imagination? In reality neither of you are really here. You're off living your perfect lives while I'm trapped in my sick imagination.\" She stormed out into the livingroom with both of her friends on her heels. \"Stop it, Julie. We know what's going on. It's just not likely...\" \"Oh shut up with that therapist bullshit Helen! You can't reason your way out of this! There are no cameras around anymore. It's not enough to look cute and then say cut. The only cutting the might be done is when a knife is slizing through your skin!\" Helen gasped and Barry took a protective step in front of her. \"That's enough Julie. We're not the enemy here. I get that you're restless but this is not the way to go.\" \"Oh, cause you're so calm and collected in all of this. Admit it Barry. You'd run off and kick anybody's ass right now. Maybe even Helen's.\" Barry clenched his jaw and had to keep himself from not grabbing Julie and hurting her in some manner. Helen's tiny hands wrapped themselves around his upper arm and held him back. \"She doesn't mean that.\" \"Yes I do.\" Julie spat back. Helen stared at her for a long couple of seconds. Then she shook her blonde head. Neither she nor Barry needed to take this. If Julie was gonna have a freak out that was fine but she could at least leave them out of it. She took Barry's hand. \"Come. I think we better leave for a while. I don't want to get really angry.\" Julie snorted. She didn't care right now. It was almost better if they'd leave. At least then she could think without the distraction of their illogical reasoning. \"Go ahead. Leave. I mean – I wouldn't wanna see you angry Helen. What a threat.\" Barry was gonna say something but Helen tugged his arm and just nodded at the door. They'd gone to sleep in their day wear and didn't need to be bothered with something like changing their clothes. Getting their shoes and jackets on, Helen crampishly held his hand and Barry, if to be honest, was quite glad they were going to get some alone time. \"Well be back Julie.\" Helen said over her shoulder and then added under her breath. \"Don't take any pills.\" If Julie heard she didn't mention it or didn't have time to. When Helen opened the door all of their brains froze for a split second. In front of her, in the hallway, stood the nurse. The same male nurse that had been on Julie's answering machine. It was way too late for a social call. \"Hi I'm...\" Barry pushed Helen out of the way and sent a flying right hook the guy's way. With a loud thud the nurse fell onto his back. He groand as Barry kneeled over him and gave him a second blow to the nose. \"What the... Julie...\" the nurse managed a crooked smile, looking twisted as it mixed with the blood from his now sore nose and cracked lip. He was glancing over Barry's shoulder where Julie and Helen instinctivly huddled together. Both of them cringed at his stare. Barry growled slightly and two blows later the nurses head fell unconcious to the floor and Helen's hands were on Barry's shoulders, prying him away from the guy. \"Barry!\" She scolded while Julie stood on her toes, a safe distance away, with a small smile on her lips. She felt safer. Barry stood up and wiped his mouth. \"There he is. We have the bastard.\" With a moment of thought he made a decision. \"Grab his feet.\" He told Helen and his girl did as told while he himself walked around and grabbed the guys shoulders. Together the couple carried the nurse into the apartment and threw him down on the couch. \"We should tie him up.\" Helen thought and Barry nodded. Julie started to take slow steps backwards. \"Julie, do you have any ducktape? Any kind of ropes? Like to your robe. Any kind will work?\" Barry asked without paying her any real attention. \"Yeah sure,\" she smiled weakly, \"it's in the cabinet in the kitchen. By the dishwasher.\" Barry disappeared and Julie turned to Helen who was biting her lip, staring down at the guy on the couch. \"We might need a chair.\" Helen frowned, then realized it was her Julie had spoken to and nodded. \"You're right. Watch him.\" And then she too disappeared into the kitchen. Quickly Julie turned around, grabbed her keys, jacket and shoes and slipped out of the apartment. She didn't care to put on her outer garments until the elevator door safely closed behind her. She needed clarity and there was only one place she could get that. \"Is it tight enough?\" Helen asked as Barry tied the nurse to a chair using the rope from a bathrobe and torn sheets.[Chapter 15]  ","Summary":" This is a sequel to my first IKWYDLS story 'Like I love you'. If younhaven't read it you might want"},{"Movie":"My Soul to Take","Title":"I Pray The Lord","Author":"RmGonzales","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6834548","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I loved the movie my soul to take. So I chose to write about what happens to Bug/Adam after Ripper day on his 16th birthday. This is an introduction. Share your thoughts. Thanks, *Ray-Ray Disclaimer: I do not own any characters or the plot from the movie. \"I pray the lord my soul to take,\" Bug whispered to himself. He was down by the river again. At least once a week, he would visit the sight and remember the six of the Ripper seven who didn't survive. He knew that they were all with him still in his heart. He had taken after Penelope in a way, he prayed every day. He and his sister had gotten closer ever since the night that they faced the Ripper. Bug hated remembering his own birthday as Ripper day, the day that six of his school mates died, one of which was his best friend. Something good had come out of the whole situation, he and his sister; Fang, as she liked to be called at school, had mended their relationship. They were beginning to open up to each other. Bug was glad for it. His sister had opened up to Aunt May as well. Though Fang held her stature at school, she no longer messed with him. She talked to him at lunch and in the halls. Bug began to notice that whenever he talked with a girl, Fang would perform a background check. When things got difficult; he knew he could confide in his sister. \"Bug, what are you doing out here so late?\" His sister said. He turned back to see her standing in her pajama pants and a light jacket. Her hair was put up in a loose ponytail. \"Hey Leah,\" He whispered. \"I just came to visit them, it's been awhile.\" \"Bug, you were here last night.\" She said. She walked towards him and took his hand. \"You miss them a lot.\" She whispered. Bug only nodded. \"Let's go home.\" Bug let Leah lead him back to their house. They had moved to a new home after the night the Ripper showed himself. He did feel safer. When they got home all the lights were off. Bug and Leah sat on the floor of Leah's room and talked until they fell asleep. In the morning they walked to school together. \"Have a good day Adam.\" Aunt May said as they left for school. \"You too Leah,\" they waved to their Aunt. Ever since that night that the he had been confronted by the Ripper, Bug had been treated differently. He noticed it from everyone, even his teachers. It wasn't fear, it was more respect. \"Good morning Bug.\" A girl said; he recognized her from his English class. \"Hey,\" he said awkwardly. He still wasn't completely comfortable around people, the claustrophobia didn't help. He continued to walk into the school hoping she would walk away. She followed. \"How are you?\" She asked. She twirled her long sandy hair. \"I am good, how are you?\" He responded; keeping his eyes trained to the floor. \"I am pretty good.\" She responded giddily. \"What do you think about the novel we have to read for class?\" She asked. \"I don't know,\" He shrugged. \"I think it is going to be a good story.\" She smiled. \"Hey, Hayley,\" someone called. To their left, a slim girl with bouncy dark curls was walking their direction. \"Hi Dalia,\" Bug took the opportunity to walk away. He then ran into Seth, his new found friend. \"Hey man,\" he said. Seth had dark hair, and dark eyes. \"Hey,\" They walked into the cafeteria and grabbed some breakfast. \"There is going to be a party this weekend, you should come.\" He said as he scarfed down a pop-tart. \"I don't know man,\" he said hesitantly. Seth nudged him. \"Come on, just this once. You really do need to loosen up.\" He laughed lightly. Bug thought on this for the rest of the day. \"Are you going to the party this weekend?\" He asked his sister during lunch. She looked up from her salad. \"Well, I planned on it.\" Riverton was a small town, so if there was a party over the weekend, it was the party of the weekend. It was the kind of place where you knew everyone you passed as you walked the streets. \"Seth says I should go. He says I need to 'loosen up'.\" Bug looked to his sister for advice. \"It would be fun; if you want to go you could come with me.\" She took a bite of her food. Bug took this into consideration. Then he nodded and agreed to go with his sister and her friends Bug walked home alone. It was the times like this that he missed Alex the most. He remembered Alex's philosophy. 'To be a man, fake it. Fake being a man.' He had said many times. 'The better you fake it, the better man you are.' Bug reminded his self of that anytime he felt scared. \"Hey honey, how was your day?\" Aunt May asked when he walked into the door. \"It was good. I got invited to a party this weekend.\" He said. \"Leah said that if I wanted to go I could get a ride with her.\" Aunt May nodded. \"It sounds like fun.\" She said smiling. \"How was school?\" Bug told his Aunt about his day. Later on Leah came home and they ate dinner together. When Leah was ready to leave, they left for the party.[Chapter 2] Author's note: A lot of this chapter is a review of Ripper Day in the movie. So, I again do no own the script for the movie or the characters. I only own my added characters :) So in the first chapter Bug is going to a party. That's normal. Well read and figure out what else happens. I won't spoil it for you. I hope you enjoy it. I hope it gets scary and suspencful for you! :) As always tell me what you think, *Ray-Ray \"Here goes nothing.\" Bug said as he walked onto the sight of the party. Everyone from school seemed to be there. \"Hey Bug!\" It was Hayley. Bug sighed. \"Hey,\" he said. She walked up to him. She was wearing a short black skirt and a shimmery purple top. She looked good, Bug had to admit it. \"I didn't know you were coming.\" She said smiling. \"I am glad you did. Do you want to dance?\" Is she this bouncy all the time? Bug wondered. She pulled him farther into the crowd without waiting for an answer. Bug looked around feeling completely uncomfortable. There were so many people; he was beginning to feel nauseous. He didn't want to upset the girl though, so he danced with her. She swayed her hips with the rhythm and pulled herself close, pressing against him. Bug felt completely clueless. The most contact he had had from a girl had been a kiss on the cheek. Remembering that was painful. Finally the song ended and Hayley pulled him away from the crowd. \"You don't look so good.\" She said still smiling. \"It is really hot in here.\" He said. Just then he spotted Seth, who was dancing with a shorter blonde girl. He waved to him and then walked over to where Bug and Hayley were standing. \"Hey Adam, you decided to come.\" He punched him lightly on the shoulder. \"Yeah, whose party is it anyway?\" He asked. Both Hayley and Seth laughed. \"I don't know man, another friend invited me.\" Seth said. Hayley said the same thing. This got bug to join in their laughter. \"So Bug, do you want to get some fresh air?\" Hayley asked. \"I'll let you go,\" Seth said winking as he walked back to the short blonde girl who had resorted to dancing with a friend. Bug and Hayley walked outside and stood on the porch. \"So, your birthday is coming.\" Hayley said. He winced; he had been trying to forget his birthday completely. \"Yeah,\" He said rubbing the back of his neck. His head was beginning to hurt. He hopped it wasn't a migraine; he hadn't had once in almost a year, if they were to return Bug didn't know what to expect. \"Are you going to do anything?\" She asked. Bug knew she was only being polite. She had to know that is wasn't the best day for anyone in Riverview. \"No,\" he answered honestly. \"Oh,\" Hayley said quieter now. \"I guess it wouldn't be much fun to celebrate your birthday, I mean considering all that has happened.\" She looked to the ground. \"Yeah,\" Bug replied shortly. \"What was it like?\" Hayley asked suddenly. \"I mean it had to be scary as hell.\" Bug only nodded. \"You have no idea.\" He was remembering how frightened he was when he realized that Alex, his best friend, was host to the Ripper's soul. He feared for his own life, but for Alex's as well. He knew that to get rid of the Ripper meant get rid of Alex. Bug had some difficulty holding his self together. \"Bug, are you okay?\" Hayley asked, touching his arm gently. \"Huh yeah, I'm fine.\" He said. He looked at her and attempted to smile. \"You were miles away. What were you thinking about?\" She asked. Bug sighed; he guessed it wouldn't hurt to tell her. He walked over to the porch swing off to the right and sat down. \"I was thinking about what happened last year on my birthday.\" He said softly. \"It started at midnight. Everyone was down at the sight. The cops called off the celebration, so to say, before we could 'kill' the Ripper. It was something we did every year. \"That night a friend of mine, Jay was found at the river bank later in the day. The Ripper had killed him as he was walking home. The killings proceeded; Penelope next, then Brandon and Brittany, then Jerome. I watched Jerome die in my room. I couldn't find Alex, who had been with me only moments ago. \"I had left to get him some water when I heard someone at the door. It was Paterson; he came to take me in as the Ripper, because my Aunt was on the floor unconscious. We thought my Aunt was dead, but she wasn't. She got lucky; she had lost a lot of blood and was in the hospital for a long time. Oh, how wrong he was.\" Bug was remembering how the Ripper had snuck up on the two of them and disarmed Paterson and then killed him. He looked at Hayley; her expression was apprehensive so Bug continued. \"After he had killed Paterson he came after me. My sister came back to help me but it was a futile attempt; we hid in the closet hoping that he would leave. Of course he didn't, I thought that was the end, but the Ripper heard something upstairs. He hurried up, leaving my sister and me alone. I told her to go to the neighbors and call the police. She had been so brave. I didn't think she would have come back in the house period because she had been angry before she left. Nonetheless, I was grateful that she did come back. \"Then I followed the Ripper. When I reached my room where Alex had been moments before, it was empty. I looked around and say that the window was open and there was blood leading to the closet. That is when I found Jerome. He wasn't dead yet. He told me how much of a hero I was. Then I lost him. I stood there helplessly looking at one of my closest friends, dead on my floor. \"I was startled when Alex climbed through my window. He looked at Jerome and was just as scared as I was. But I had realized something. Every time the Ripper would appear, Alex would disappear. But it didn't make any sense. We had tested each other; he wouldn't be able to kill me. In the letter I had gotten from Penelope earlier that day, she said there was a chance that the Ripper's soul was within one of the six and he had chosen now to attack the seven of us.\" Bug looked at Hayley again, now her eyes were wide with anticipation and fear. \"Go on Bug, I want to hear the rest of the story.\" She scooted closer to him and clutched his arm. This made Bug a little uncomfortable, but he said nothing. \"Okay,\" he said after a moment's hesitation. \"I explained my theory to Alex, and provoked him. Soon the Ripper took over his mind. He tried to bribe me, said that if I let him go, he and I would be known as heroes. We would pin the blame on Jerome. Jerome was blind, it was a crazy accusation. I refused and then he attacked me. I reached for the large knife that was in the house, I had brought it with me before so that I could be safe. It was also how Alex and I tested each other fifteen minutes before. We struggled with each other for some moments, and then I got the upper hand. I thrust the knife into his stomach. That was when the real Alex returned. \"He looked at me and said, 'I'd thought he'd never leave.' And he then asked, 'Where is the biggest knife in the kitchen?' I told him it was where it needed to be.\" Bug stopped talking and looked down at the floor. His head was still bothering him; he prayed silently that it wasn't a migraine. \"Just like that, my friend was gone. He fell to the floor lifeless. His blood was all over my hands. I couldn't make myself move. I stood there until the police finally arrived. Then it was over.\" They sat there in silence for a few moments. Hayley was clinging to his arm tight now, partly from her own fear, but she was also trying to comfort Bug. \"I'm sorry Bug,\" she whispered. \"It's okay, it had to be done. Alex knew that. He forgave me.\" He said confidently. \"Do you want to go back inside; it's getting pretty chilly out here.\" He asked standing up. \"Yeah,\" Hayley said, and she followed him back inside. What Bug didn't know was that Leah was standing on the side of the house smoking a cigarette listening to the whole story. She found a new respect for her younger brother. He had been so brave in what had to be the scariest thing a person could ever face. He had had the courage to kill his best friend. She crept back into the house and rejoined the party. \"So, what happened?\" Seth asked and Hayley went to dance with her friends. \"What do you mean?\" Bug replied, generally confused. \"Come one, you know what I mean. Did you get anything from her?\" He raised his eyebrows suggestively. Bug scoffed. \"No, man she isn't like that. Besides that isn't what I am interested in right now. I am still surprised every girl in school doesn't think I'm a freak.\" \"Dude, you are a hero.\" Seth said slapping his back. \"So what did happen when you two went outside?\" \"I don't feel like a hero, and nothing Seth,\" Bug said once more. \"We just sat on the porch swing and talked.\" He shrugged his shoulders. Seth didn't seem satisfied with that answer but said nothing because another girl was walking up to them now. \"Hey Seth, hey Bug,\" She said smiling. Her long dark hair fell over her face ever so slightly, hiding a pair of sparkling brown eyes. \"Hello Maria.\" Bug said politely. He noticed Seth looking Maria up and down, checking her out. \"How are you Bug?\" She asked. \"I'm fine,\" He replied, \"what about you?\" The girl shrugged. \"Good as always I guess.\" She replied. \"Hey Fang,\" She said as Leah approached from behind. \"Hey,\" She smiled. \"Bug, I think we should be getting home, the party is dying down anyway.\" Bug nodded and said goodbye to Seth and Maria. Leah and Bug walked out to the car in silence. Off in the distance he thought he heard a rustling in the woods. He looked, but saw nothing. As Bug stepped into the car, he swore that he saw a blurred figure scurrying into the woods. \"You looked spooked Adam.\" She said softly as they drove down the road. \"I thought I saw something in the woods.\" He said honestly. His sister gripped his shoulder. \"What would be in there?\" She asked. \"The Ripper is dead; you killed him a year ago. Don't worry about it.\" She smiled reassuringly. Bug felt more comfortable knowing that his sister was confident in her belief. When they arrived home, Aunt May was asleep. They crept upstairs quietly and went to sleep. For hours Bug lay awake wondering about what he saw in the woods. It was probably an animal. He rationalized with himself. Soon he fell asleep and was tossing and turning uncomfortably. He was standing in his room in his old house. The window was wide open and there was blood on his hands. \"It isn't over Condor.\" Bug turned around to see Alex standing in the doorway, his shaggy hair ruffled as if he had just been in a fight. Behind him were Jerome, Brandon, Brittany, Penelope and Jay. They all nodded in agreement to what Alex had said. \"What… what do you mean it isn't over?\" He asked. He took a step towards them. He missed them so much; he even missed Brandon, who had been a total ass to him. \"You know what he means Bug.\" Penelope said. She walked up to him and kissed his cheek. \"You are so brave.\" She said before rejoining the others. \"I don't understand. Tell me what is going on.\" He pleaded, feeling scared. Jerome walked up to him and held his hand out; there was something he was holding. Bug extended his own arm, and took the object. When he saw what it was he almost dropped it. The Ripper's knife, it was clean and shiny as if it was brand new. He flicked it open and the word vengeance was engraved on each side of the curved blade, just as it had been before. Bug looked up to his friends to ask them more questions, but they were gone. A loud whistling sound came from the window, he turned to face it but saw nothing. From behind him he felt someone creep up on him. Before he could spin around to see who it was, a large grubby hand stained with blood covered his mouth and pulled him out of the room. Bug screamed. He was back in his room, under the covers of his warm bed. Bug turned on the lamp in his room and looked around him. His window was shut, his hands were clean, and there was no Ripper knife. He ran his fingers through his sweat soaked hair and tried to slow his breathing. It was only a dream. He thought to himself. Relief washed over him and he slowly fell back asleep.[Chapter 3] Author's Note: Another chapter is complete. :) I had some help on this one. Thanks to The White Prince :) I have finished details on this chapter. I hope you enjoy, and tell me what you think, please. :) Ray-Ray The rest of the weekend passed by in a blur, Bug slept in and had continued to dream of his friends. It was always the same dream. He could not be sure if it meant anything, but it scared him too much to think about. He tried to push the images from the dream to the back of his mind, but when he fell asleep he couldn't escape it. He resorted to staying up as late as he could. On Sunday, he finally gave into sleep. Bug was awoken by his sister bouncing on his bed repeatedly. \"Happy seventeenth,\" she said smiling. Bug thanked her groggily. \"What time is it?\" \"Six,\" Leah smiled sheepishly. Bug groaned and turned over in his bed. Leah nudged him, \"get up.\" She giggled. \"Fine, I'm up. Are you happy?\" He asked. Leah stood and skipped to the door. \"I will be when you are downstairs eating the breakfast I made for you.\" She hurried from his room and retreated down the stairs. Bug got up and walked to the bathroom. He looked into the mirror for a long moment then opened the cupboard. He wasn't sure exactly why he had come in here but he did. Closing the cupboard he looked into the mirror. For a brief moment he swore he saw Brittany's behind the reflection of the shower curtain. He turned, but saw no one. When he looked back, she was standing close to the mirror. She mouthed something like, 'beware.' Bug couldn't be sure what she had said. He shook his head and shut his eyes. \"You are just imagining it bug.\" When he opened his eyes there was no other reflection in the mirror aside from his own. Bug left the bathroom and walked downstairs. \"Here is your breakfast.\" Leah said smiling. A large pancake was placed at the center of the plate, some bacon and eggs were set on the sides. Bug smiled back at Leah. \"Thanks,\" he said as he took his first bite. Leah sat next to him and placed her head in her arms. \"So that Hayley girl seems to be really interested in you.\" She was practically giggling. At the mention of Hayley's name, Bug chocked on his eggs. \"What?\" He asked. \"Hayley, she likes you.\" Leah said. \"What makes you say that?\" Bug asked even though he could tell on his own that Hayley held some particular interest in him. \"The way she talks to you, and looks at you. She is bubbly around you.\" Leah said. \"So she isn't always so bouncy?\" He asked, surprised. Leah shook her head. Bug finished his bacon, and then switched his attention to the large pancake that took up most of the plate. \"I think she is a cute little girl.\" Leah said, approving. Bug shook his head. \"Why are you so interested in being my match maker?\" He laughed. \"Last year you were making sure girls stayed away from me.\" His tone was harsh and it surprised him. He didn't know what had overcome him. \"I'm sorry.\" He said. \"It's okay, you're right. I didn't want girls around you. I was mad at you. I am sorry about that, I regret it deeply.\" She stood up after a moment and walked to the stairs. \"Do you want to get a ride to school today?\" She asked curtly. \"Yes please,\" he answered. Leah only nodded as she pounded up the stairs. Bug rinsed his plate in the sink then placed it in the dishwasher. Finally, he settled on the couch and began to relax. The sun peaked through the breaks between the trees. It was outrageously hot as Bug made his way through the woods. It shouldn't be this hot. He thought. Bug looked down at himself. He was dressed in heavy layers, topped off by a dirt covered trench coat. He took a second look at the coat. He wasn't sure it was dirt that covered it. Bug's paced increased as he saw someone in the distance. As he got closer, he was sure who it was. \"I found you, you bitch.\" He spat the words as he came up behind the slender blonde. His voice was unbelievable deep, almost inhuman. She spun around a moment too late. Before she could scream he took his in his arms, lifting her off her feet. Her eyes were wide with shock and horror. Wonderful, I want you to be scared. He thought to himself. This was the pleasurable part. He couldn't get enough of it, but he knew it would only last for a few moments, maybe less. He slit her throat first, stifling her screams to a mere gurgling sound. Then he stabbed her several times in the abdomen, the blood spurting onto his already dirtied clothing. He felt the warm liquid as it covered his hands and face. He sighed with pleasure, and watched as the blood trickled down her body. How it pleased him to kill a person was twisted. A part of him understood that, but he wouldn't let it stop him. He must continue. He closed the blade with a swift flick of his wrist. Then tossing the girl aside he hurried away from the scene, leaving the girl's body on the ground. Bug sat up on the couch. He was breathing heavily, his hands on his forehead. Was that truly how Brittany had died? He asked himself. Why had he dreamt it, in the Ripper's point of view no less? Bug shivered; he was worried about today from the start. It was the most dreaded day in his year. What if…? No, it can't be. He thought to himself. There was no way the Ripper was still alive. He had killed him, the soul died with Alex. Or did it, some voice in his mind refuted. Bug shook the thoughts away. \"Hey Adam, how are you feeling today?\" Aunt May had entered the living room. She sat beside him and placed her arms on his shoulders. \"How does it feel to be seventeen?\" Bug shrugged. \"I feel the same, but can we not do anything for my birthday this year?\" He asked in a small voice. Aunt May looked at him curiously. She must have read his facial expression, because she nodded and agreed with his request. \"Are you ready for school Bug?\" Leah had returned downstairs and was walking to the front door. Bug nodded and stood to follow her, grabbing his book bag from the kitchen table. Then he hurried out of the room saying a quick goodbye to his aunt. \"Have a good day at school,\" she called from inside. They arrived at school shortly after that. Leah hopped from the car and made her way the front. Bug waited a moment longer before he left the car. He was unprepared for today. He didn't want hordes of people surrounding him to wish him a happy birthday. This was, to him, the saddest day he knew. \"Hi Bug,\" Hayley said from his right. \"Happy birthday,\" she said tentatively. Bug smiled softly and thanked her. She walked with him into the building then to his locker. Her presence was quiet unnerving. He wished that Hayley would catch on, but she didn't seem to notice his discomfort. \"So I was thinking about what we talked about Friday night,\" she started in a light tone. \"And I thought that you should make it a night to never forget, a good memory.\" She finished putting emphasis on the word 'good'. \"I don't know.\" He said hesitantly. He wasn't sure there was a way to make Ripper day, a good one. \"Well, think about it.\" She said, placing her hand on his arm briefly. Then she turned and walked away, her hair bouncing slightly. \"Why does everyone insist on making this day a good one?\" He asked himself. \" I thought that you should make it a night to never forget, a good memory.\" He mimicked. \"What are you talking about Bug?\" Seth had snuck up behind him. \"Nothing,\" he said shrugging his shoulders. Then he continued on to his classroom, thinking about the Ripper. Throughout the day Bug heard strange whispers. Rumors were going around about the Ripper. \"Did you hear? Melissa didn't return home from the party over the weekend. They found her this morning, in the river.\" A boy in his fourth hour said. The girl he was whispering to, gasped. \"I don't believe you.\" She whispered. \"See for yourself, watch the news.\" He shrugged and turned to the teacher. Rumors like this kept spreading, each one more gory than the last. By lunch, Bug was sick of all the happy birthdays. He would merely nod his thanks to whoever had spoken. Hopefully I can have a semi-silent lunch. He thought, but of course that was not the case. \"Hey Bug,\" A shrill excited voice said from behind him, and a moment later Hayley was sitting right next to him. \"Hi,\" he said. He turned back to his food and finished his sandwich. \"Hey Adam,\" another girl said. He turned to see Fang. \"Hey Fang,\" he said with a faint smile. Hayley stiffened. \"Do you want a ride home today?\" She asked sitting next to them. Bug nodded, from the corner of his eye he saw that Hayley had begun to eat her food and was avoiding eye contact with everyone. He was glad when he and Leah were on their way home. He looked out the window silently. In the rearview mirror Bug could have sworn he saw a person wearing a large trench coat and a mask. The Ripper, the voice in his mind said. He returns. Bug fought to remove the thoughts from his mind completely. About half way to the house, they drove past several police cars and an ambulance. They slowed as they passed by, looking at the sight. Adam knew that what the students had been saying was true. \"Adam, are you alright?\" Leah said. Bug looked at her; he noticed that they were home. She had unbuckled her seatbelt and was waiting for Bug to move. \"I'm fine,\" He said as he unbuckled his seatbelt and stepped out of the car. Leah eyed him cautiously but said nothing else. As soon as they stepped in the house, Aunt May was asking her usual questions. \"How was your big day Bug?\" Bug looked at his Aunt and said nothing. Why was she always curious about his day, it was irritating. \"It was fine.\" He said shortly. His Aunt looked from him to his sister in wonder. Leah shrugged. \"Did something go wrong?\" She asked placing her arm around him. Bug shrugged her off. \"Nothing went wrong. Just, leave me alone for a while.\" Then he retreated up the stairs and shut his door. Aunt May and Leah just stared at one another for a moment. They were both worried about him. \"It is a bad day for him.\" Leah said. She walked into the kitchen and grabbed water. \"Did anyone give him a hard time?\" May asked. \"No, they never do. I would know if they did. Besides, they all see him as a hero now.\" Leah sat down at the kitchen table and motioned for her aunt to sit next to her. \"I guess,\" she replied though she was still worried. \"I hope that this behavior is only for today. It worries me.\" \"I know,\" Leah said, staring at her water. \"He acted this way last year. I had thought it meant…\" She trailed off. She knew she shouldn't think about these things. \"I understand Leah. I don't think that is possible.\" She said reassuring the girl. Aunt May stood. \"What are you going to make for dinner?\" Leah asked. \"Adam's favorite.\" \"So we are ordering pizza, getting Dr. Pepper and having chocolate pudding for desert?\" She laughed. Aunt May nodded. She walked off and dialed the pizza place's number. Bug paced in his room. What is going on? He asked. He was so worried. He had exploded on his family for no reason. His migraines were returning and he was seeing things in the woods. All of these things happened while the Ripper was alive. \"Adam, come down to dinner.\" His Aunt called. He sighed and left the room, looking back at his window. He could have sworn he saw the matted hair and gruesome face of the Ripper.[Chapter 4] Author's Note: Chapter three is complete! I know... it is insanly short, but bare with me. I didnt see it fit to give away more than what I did. As always share your thoughts :) Bug was delighted to see his favorite assortment of foods waiting for him in the kitchen. Aunt May had ordered pepperoni pizza, and bought Dr. Pepper and pudding to go along with it. A smile grew on his face, reaching his eyes. \"Thanks Aunt May.\" He said. There was a flicker of pleasure in her eyes as she looked at Bug. \"Go on and get your serving.\" Leah said. She was grinning as well. The terrible thoughts he had been thinking only moments ago had evaporated, at least temporarily. He sat down at the table with his plate full of food. Leah sat next to him and nudged him playfully. \"Well don't just stare at it.\" She laughed. Bug chuckled softly as he took his first bite. It was absolutely delicious. He mumbled another thanks to Aunt May. She smiled politely and took a piece of pizza. She wasn't much of a big eater herself, but she couldn't resist pizza. Once dinner was finished Leah pulled Bug aside. \"So, you know how you have been talking to that Hayley girl?\" She suppressed giggles as she spoke. Bug raised one eyebrow as if to say, yeah? \"Well, I took the opportunity to talk to her between classes. She is really sweet, and she is really into you. So I invited her over sometime this week, we could all hang out.\" Bug could feel his face flushing. It wasn't that he didn't like Hayley; it was that he didn't know if he liked Hayley. Girls made him nervous, his claustrophobia worsened when he was around them. \"Are you okay with that?\" Leah arched her eyebrows. Bug nodded hesitantly and gave her a smile. \"She is cool. I just don't understand how she could be so bubbly. Leah laughed; she stood and squeezed his shoulders before walking away. He sighed and settled onto the couch. A moment later his phone rang. It was an unknown number. \"Hello?\" He said as he answered his phone. There was only a heavy breathing sound. He repeated himself, there was still no answer. Then after a moment of hesitation, someone spoke. \"Hello, my son.\" Then the call ended. He stared at the phone in his hand a moment, then set it down and eyed it cautiously. That voice was so familiar to him. It haunted him in his sleep, waking him up in the middle of the night. Bug remembered when he had barricaded his window after one of his nightmares. The voice had sounded like a deep, crackly, inhuman voice. It was menacing and bloodthirsty. It was the Ripper. Bug was almost sure of it.[Chapter 5] Author's Note: Another chapter complete! Success! Ha, anyway it is lenghty. I included more depth with the help of The White Prince! Thanks! So, I got dream sequences, halucinations and a death! Yayyy! So, enjoy! Tell me what you think of it! -Again, I own only the characters that I created. *Ray-Ray The next morning at school, Bug avoided everyone's glances. His head had been throbbing since he woke up. He didn't want to talk to anyone. He even avoided Seth, who seemed to understand. He managed to make it through lunch without being disturbed; he had snuck outside to eat in silence. He liked being outside. He was always reminded of the Condor, flying free. \"You really shouldn't be out here.\" Someone from behind him said. Bug turned to see Hayley. Unlike her bubbly personality, she seemed upset. \"Then why are you out here?\" Bug stood and wiped off his pants. \"Don't make this about me.\" She replied. Something in her tone seemed harsh; Bug could see it in her eyes. \"W-what's wrong?\" Bug stuttered. Hayley's face immediately softened. \"I'm sorry. You didn't hear?\" Hayley played with her hands. \"Hear what?\" Bug was so confused. They started walking towards the building again. \"They found Dalia last night.\" Hayley's voice was barely above a whisper. \"She was killed. They think it was someone who posed as… as the Ripper.\" Bug stopped walking; he took several deep breaths and closed his eyes. What if it wasn't a poser? What if it really was the Ripper? \"Bug, did you hear me?\" Bug could only nod. They walked into the school once more and Bug kept his head down. From the corner of his eye he saw the glint of some sort of metal. The Ripper's blade, he thought to himself. But when he looked it was only someone's keys, dangling from their lanyard. His head was throbbing, he rubbed his temples periodically. During the rest of his classes he could have sworn he saw the Ripper. He spotted pieces of his clothing, hair. But every time Bug would look a second time, he would only see another student. He walked home alone once school had ended. He took the longer path, through the woods. Truthfully Bug hadn't wanted to ever go into the woods again, but something made him. His pace quickened when he heard a rustling to his left. Bug checked over his shoulder and swore he saw a large man behind him. Stop being so paranoid, he told himself. You are overreacting. No matter what he told himself, he couldn't shake the thought of the Ripper from his head. \"Hey Bug,\" A hand grabbed him from behind causing Adam to jump violently. \"Whoa, I didn't mean to scare you.\" Seth said. \"It's okay,\" Bug said. He stared at the ground and kept walking. \"Are you doing anything tonight?\" Seth asked as he shifted his bag on his shoulder. \"Uh,\" Bug thought for a moment, and then he remembered. \"Yeah, Hayley is coming over to hang with Fang and me.\" \"Oh,\" Seth broke into a huge grin. \"I knew you liked her.\" \"I do not!\" Bug said, \"Well, I don't really know.\" He shuffled his feet as he walked. \"You need to figure it out. She is cute, you won't have to long before she is taken. And I am not going to assure you that I won't be the one who takes her.\" Seth nudged Bug jokingly. \"Stop man,\" he said in a serious tone. Seth looked at Bug in shock. \"Dude, I didn't mean any harm. Look I'm sorry.\" \"Sorry,\" Bug muttered. He didn't know what made him act that way. \"It's cool.\" Seth said; he was always so cool about things. He never got angry. \"So Hayley is going to come over?\" Seth said ending the silence. Bug nodded, they were coming up to the road, and Bug was almost home. \"That's cool.\" \"Hey, why did you walk through the woods? Don't you live on the other side of town?\" Seth glanced at Bug quickly then looked away. \"I… I just felt like it.\" He said shrugging it off. \"Well I better get going; I don't need my dad on my back when I get home.\" He saluted to Bug then ran off in the opposite direction. He remembered how Alex would sneak up on him in that way and then leave in a moment's notice. \"Hey, I wondered where you went after school ended.\" It was Leah; she was leaning against her car. Next to her was Hayley, she still looked dreadfully sad. She gave Bug a brilliant smile. \"How are you feeling?\" Bug asked. She shrugged and stepped toward him. Without any hesitation, she wrapped her arms around him. \"How are you Adam?\" She let go and looked at him, still smiling. \"I like your real name better. Why does everyone call you Bug?\" They walked into the house and settled down. Hayley had her bag so she set it next to the door uncertain. \"My mom also said I need to do my homework, so I guess I need to get that out of the way before we watch a movie or something.\" She smiled sheepishly. Hayley was a pretty girl, her cheeks were flushed her teeth were white. She had curled her blonde hair, the way it cuffed her face was just right. Her eyes seemed to sparkle, even when she was so sad. Bug shook his head and looked to the floor. Leah was grinning wildly, and even though Adam wasn't looking, he could tell. \"That sounds good.\" Leah said. \"Besides I have to write this sort of essay for my physics lab. I might as well get it out of the way now.\" She dug through her bag and pulled out a large binder full of papers. Hayley walked over to fetch her bag as well. They all settled on the couch and did their homework. Bug tried to focus on his work but the headache was getting worse. After a second wave of nausea passed, he stood and excused himself. He locked himself in the bathroom and ran the water to block out the sound of vomiting. He tried everything to vomit, but couldn't. He washed his face then looked into the mirror. You try the finger thing? Alex had asked the day of their presentation. He nodded, and then realized that he had done it just now as well. That sucks. Adam looked down into the sink and realized that the water had not been sucked into the drain. \"What the hell?\" He asked. He pulled and pushed the stopper, but nothing happened. He caught a glimpse of something in the water. He squinted, hoping that his eyes were playing tricks on him. He watched it for a long moment, and there was nothing. Wait, there it was again. It was a flash of dark curly hair. Dalia, he told himself. She was running down the street. She kept looking over her shoulder. Then she disappeared again. Bug was gripping the sides of the sink and leaning towards the water. The next image was of a knife shinning in the moon light. The word vengeance gleamed as the knife moved forward, slitting Dalia's throat. But the killer wasn't done; he lifted her with one hand by the neck and thrust the already bloody knife into her abdomen. Her eyes were wide with fear, and she was trying to scream but all that could be heard was a horrible gurgling sound. She reached for her neck and stomach once the killer had tossed her to the ground and fled the scene. There was a glimpse of him; he was dressed in the same costume that Alex had worn, the costume they used for the Ripper puppet. The knob on the door jiggled and Bug cut off his scream by placing his hands over his mouth. \"You okay Adam?\" It was Hayley. Bug unlocked the door and looked back to the sink. The water was gone. \"Yeah, I just… I don't know.\" He shook his head and led her back downstairs. She put her hand on his back and smiled kindly. \"Did you finish your homework Miss. Goody-two-shoes?\" Leah joked. \"Yes,\" Hayley said hotly. \"I am not a goody-two-shoe!\" She said defensively. \"Okay, gosh I was only joking.\" Leah held her hands up in surrender. Hayley sighed. \"I know. I'm sorry.\" Leah put her arm around the younger girl and sympathized. \"I understand how your feeling. It will be okay. So, how about a movie? We got Netflix.\" Leah smiled and walked into the kitchen. She tore open the box of microwave popcorn and tossed one into the microwave. Hayley loosened up and sat next to Bug on the couch. \"I won't watch any chick flicks.\" He announced promptly. Hayley laughed. \"Good, I am really not ready to cry again.\" She said jokingly, but for a moment or so she remained quiet staring at the ground. Bug looked to Leah for advice, but she was still in the kitchen. \"It's going to be okay,\" he said, trying to sound reassuring. She leaned into him and just stared at the floor more intently. Bug put his arm around her and gave her a sort of half hug. \"Thanks,\" she said softly. They ate at least some of the popcorn as they watched and corny horror movies that were ages old. Most of what had been made was thrown across the couch at one another. They had a great time together. About half way through the movie marathon Leah broke out the sweets. Bug noticed that Hayley like Sweet Tarts in particular. \"So, you never told me why they call you Bug.\" She said as Leah and Bug drove her home. She grinned, expecting an answer. \"He liked to eat bugs as a child. So I thought it was fit to call him that, and it stuck.\" Leah laughed. \"I did not!\" He exclaimed, and then he turned back to Hayley and answered. \"When I was five, I loved to collect bugs. It's simple. Bugs fascinated me.\" Hayley nodded. \"Well here is my stop.\" She smiled at Bug who was getting out of the car to open her door. \"Thanks,\" she said as he helped her out. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed his cheek. \"See you tomorrow. Bye Leah!\" She called as she scurried into her house. Adam got into the front seat and they drove back home. ' You will never be free of me.' He heard in his head. Bug squeezed his eyes shut and prayed the voice would go away. It was a deep gruff voice. \"Bug, are you alright?\" Leah shook him gently. He opened his eyes and sat up straight. They were in their driveway again. He must have fallen asleep. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" Leah still didn't seem satisfied. \"Is this about what happened to Dalia?\" By the mention of her name Bug saw her death. He looked at his older sister and nodded. He also saw that there was fear in her eyes as well. \"It isn't possible though, right?\" He whispered. Leah shrugged. \"We should be sure before we assume.\" She got out of the car and walked into the house, Bug at her heels. \"What do you mean by that?\" He asked as she made her way up the stairs. \"I mean, we need to do research, isn't that your area of expertise?\" She looked at him critically, almost meanly. Bug shrunk back slightly. \"Okay,\" he whispered and he walked into his room, closing the door behind him. \"Bug, I didn't mean to sound so rude.\" She said on the other side of the door. \"I guess this Ripper business is making me unlike myself. Anyway, tomorrow I am going to go speak with Officer Jeanne. She knows a thing or two about strange spiritual things.\" After a moment she walked away and Bug got ready for bed. Once asleep, he was dreaming again. He was watching from some sort of closet. He was in the school pool. Across the way, he saw a girl crying. Next to her was a familiar curly red head. She was praying. Bug moved around, backing up he hit something and it fell over. Penelope looked up and stood, telling the girl she would be right back. She walked briskly to the connecting hallway, but found nothing. She was scared now; it was clear in her eyes. She ran back calling the girl's name. \"Melanie!\" When she reached the pool she found that the girl was gone. She looked around hastily. He approached her from behind. She turned and tried to scream. Her screams were cut short. He grabbed her, covering her mouth, then he swiped his knife, the Ripper knife, across her throat. He held her there and watched the blood flow into the pool, staining the water red. She was attempting to cover her throat. The attempts were feeble. She was trying to mouth something. Bug, he finally realized. Such a wonderful feeling, he thought to himself. He carried the girl from the school. She was limp in his arms now. He hurried through the woods and set her next to the upturned ambulance. Such memories, he thought to himself as he left her there. Bug woke up sweating once more. It was already seven. He knew that he should get ready for school. He dressed in a long sleeve shirt and dark jeans. Leah was waiting downstairs for him. They left together, Bug chewing a breakfast bar as they walked to school. \"So, have you decided if you like Hayley or not?\" Someone said from behind. Both Leah and Bug jumped. Seth chuckled. \"I think he does.\" Leah said now laughing. Bug glared at her. He was blushing, Leah smiled. Bug knew that she wasn't going to let him forget this. They arrived at school together. Leah spotted Maria and walked off with her. It was just Seth and Bug now. \"So how did it go last night?\" Seth nudged him, raising his eyebrows. Bug laughed. \"It was fun. We hung out and watched movies.\" He made a move to open his locker. From the corner of his eye he saw a thin dark haired girl walking alone with her head down. Melanie, he thought to himself. \"Hey, can I catch you later?\" He asked as he pulled out his supplies for his first classes. \"Melanie, wait up,\" he called as he saluted Seth. That had become there thing, their symbol of friendship so to say. The girl turned to Bug and after a moment glared. \"What do you want Bug?\" She spat the words. \"Uh,\" Bug said losing his composure for a moment. \"I just wanted to see how you are doing.\" \"I am fine.\" Her eyes were watering. \"I've got my family and my own baby.\" \"How is he?\" Bug asked scratching the back of his head awkwardly. \"Brandon is fine. He can be a handful at times, but my mom helps out.\" She froze for a moment. \"Why am I telling YOU this?\" She shook her head and began to walk off. \"Melanie, wait.\" Bug said taking her arm gently. \"I don't understand why you are so upset.\" He also wasn't sure why she chose to name the baby after the father, who had been a player until his last moments. \"Because, it was YOU who survived. Why wasn't it Penelope or Brandon?\" She was crying now. \"You are useless to me. Penelope cared about me; she helped me when no one else would. Brandon, well he wasn't as great as he seemed, but he wasn't heartless. I know that if he was alive, he would be helping me with our child.\" She turned and trudged away. Bug stood there in shock. She had called him useless. Am I? He thought to himself. Inside he felt broken, but at the same time he was outraged. \"Hey Adam,\" a bubbly voice from behind him called. Bug ignored her call, and walked on to his first hour class. At lunch he sat outside alone. It was then that he let it sink in. He was useless to Melanie. He didn't understand why. He hadn't done anything to her. Inside he knew it was because he had survived. She resented him for that. Despite his attempts to hold in his emotions he started to cry. Now he was glad that he was alone. After the sadness had gone away, anger took place. If it hadn't been for him the Ripper would have gone on to kill everyone in the town, he enjoyed the kill too much. Why couldn't she understand that? Bug slammed his fist into the ground. \"Are you okay?\" It was Hayley she was walking up from his left. Bug sighed and took a hand full of grass in his hands. \"I don't know.\" He shrugged. He wasn't sure he wanted to talk about this. Pulling out the grass he lifted his knees to his chest and rested his arms there. Today Hayley wore lose rise jeans, and a bright colored three quarter sleeved shirt. Her hair was down aside from some strands that had been pinned up. She sat next to him and asked again. \"I guess the story about the poser is really getting to me.\" Hayley looked at Bug sadly. \"I shouldn't have told you,\" she said looking at the ground. \"No,\" he said looking into her eyes. \"I am glad you did.\" Then after a moment of hesitation he asked, \"Can I trust you with something?\" \"Yeah,\" She weaved her arm through his. Bug sighed heavily and thought about how explain. \"I saw Melanie today.\" He started. \"She was fairly rude to me. Well, she was a complete jerk.\" Bug wasn't really one to cuss that was always Alex's thing. \"I just wanted to see how she was doing. She went off on me and said I was useless to her. She wished that Brandon or Penelope had survived. It confused me. Brandon had just left her. Penelope, she was so kind to everyone. She didn't let anyone put her or anyone she cared about down.\" He stopped there, and then remembered his dream. He spoke again before Hayley could talk. \"I had a nightmare about Penelope last night. I dreamt about how she died. It was horrible. I haven't dreamt about any of the Riverton seven since the Ripper was alive in Alex. I don't understand what is going on.\" He looked at Hayley; she was looking at him in shock, or something similar to it. \"You think I'm nuts.\" He said pulling his arm away from hers. \"No! I don't think that at all. Adam, I wouldn't think you are crazy. I understand what you are saying about what Melanie said to you. Brandon did use her, but you don't know what happened last year when he found out. He tried to call her, but she didn't answer cuz she was praying with Penelope. He left a voicemail saying that he would help her if she wanted him to. She called him back after, but he didn't answer.\" She hugged Bug tightly. \"It isn't your fault.\" He tried to believe what Hayley had said but he could find no reason. Before he returned inside he saw someone in the distance. Bug squinted. He gasped when he made out what the figure reminded him of. \"What is it?\" Hayley said and looked in the direction Bug had been staring. The figure was gone now. \"Nothing I guess, I thought I saw someone.\" They hurried inside together, Bug looked over his shoulder one last time and saw the figure again, in its hand he was the glint of some sort of metal in the sunlight.[Chapter 6] Author's Note: Greetings, this is chapter 5! Exciting, I know. Anyway, it took me a while to write this one, so i hope it is satisfying. Review with your thoughts. Bug woke up the next morning hearing Leah crying. \"What's wrong?\" He said as he entered her room. Leah whipped her head around and glared at him through her red- rimmed eyes. \"Last night I went to pick up Maria… and I found her outside her home. She was lying there, bleeding.\" \"W-what do you mean?\" Bug asked dumbfounded. \"What do you think I mean Bug?\" She spat. \"She is dead. She was killed in the same way all the others were. The way the Ripper killed. He is fucking back.\" Bug sputtered as Leah pushed him out of her room and slammed the door. Aunt May was standing in the hall, her eyes wide. Bug looked at her then walked into his room once more. He heard her walked into Leah's room. \"Honey, do you want to stay home from school today?\" He heard her ask. Bug was unable to hear what his sister had said, but he figured she only nodded between sobs. \"I will call the school. Get some sleep.\" She walked and knocked on Bug's door. \"Do you want a ride to school?\" He was ready within fifteen minutes. As he sat in his aunt's car he wondered about Maria and how traumatized his sister had been. He almost felt responsible for her pain, but he hadn't killed Maria. Or had he? He had a foul taste in his mouth due to the migraine he had. Once he was at school he tried to throw up with no luck, as usual. He washed his hands and glanced up in the mirror. He about screamed when he saw Seth's reflection behind his own. \"Man, are you bulimic or something?\" He asked jokingly. Bug shook his head furiously, which only added to the pain. Why was it suddenly so bright in the bathroom? \"Migraines, I suffer from them.\" He pushed open the restroom door and left, Seth following close behind. \"Your girl keeps asking about you. She managed to find me this morning and she hasn't stopped talking about you.\" Seth said rolling his eyes. \"You mean Hayley?\" Bug asked. Seth nodded dramatically. \"What did she say?\" Seth chuckled heavily. \"Man, you like her.\" He said. \"She just wants to know your whole life story. She thinks that it is so amazing that you are the legendary hero. I don't see how it is so awesome, I mean it happens everywhere.\" Seth was only joking; he had acted the same way the first day that Bug returned to school after that horrible night. \"She is cool.\" Bug finally mustered. \"She actually talks to me about stuff other than that night. She doesn't try to treat me like a hero.\" Seth shrugged, not knowing what to say. The tension in the class was evident when Bug walked into the room. Some students looked at him, but when he caught their eye they looked away. No one greeted him good morning, which was strange. He knew what the silence was about: Maria and Dalia. Even after the bell had rung for class to begin, they sat in silence. Bug had never thought that silence could make a migraine worse, but it did. Every small sound was ten times louder than it should have been. A girl to his left was rolling her pencil along her desk top, he was tempted to turn to her and snatch the pencil. Instead, he took a deep breath and put his head down. He didn't find Hayley until she was getting into a car after school. He waved to her, but she must not have seen him. \"I think she is ignoring you man.\" It was Seth walking up behind him. \"Wasn't it you that said she was talking about me this morning?\" Bug said, spinning on him. Seth made a gesture of surrender. \"Girls are weird,\" was the only thing he said. Then he clapped his hand on Bug's shoulder. They walked through the woods together. Bug still didn't understand why Seth would bother walking all this way when he lived in the opposite direction. Seth crept off silently when they reached the road again. Bug watched him walked back into the woods. He only turned once and saluted to Bug, who returned the motion. When he walked into the house, he found Leah sprawled across the couch asleep. He tried to be quiet as he shut the door, but she woke up. \"How was school?\" She asked unconcerned. \"It was pretty lame.\" He said throwing his bag to the side. \"Leah, I'm really sorry.\" He said awkwardly. \"Whatever,\" she said rolling her eyes. Then she stood and walked into the other room. Bug wasn't able to figure out why Leah ignored him for the rest of the week. By the weekend he had given up on trying to communicate with her. On Saturday he left the house and went for a walk through the woods accompanied by his old friend. The crow was the closest his Aunt had come to letting him have his own Condor. Even so, he appreciated the gesture. Edgar flew above the trees for a while, then perched himself on Bug's shoulders. It was a foggy morning, just the way Bug enjoyed it. Though this morning, it seemed eerie. Several times he found himself jumping at the slightest noise and he could have sworn that he saw a figure in the distance. \"You're letting your fear get to you.\" He said logically. \"The Ripper can't be back.\" He continued to walk. As he did he thought he heard screaming. It was a deeper, male voice. It almost reminded him of… no it was impossible. Brandon was dead, and had been for over a year now. He scanned the woods and swore he saw something lying on the ground. It looked like Brittany's purse. He doubled back and looked at the spot he had saw it. There was nothing there, but in place of the purse was a ringing sound. It sounded just like his phone. He reached into his pocket, but his phone wasn't ringing. He walked over to the area the sound was coming from, but it disappeared. It was silent now. Bug heard something to his right; he spun around and only saw the rustling of a nearby bush. He reasoned that it was probably a squirrel or a rabbit. He hurried in the opposite direction of the noise and watched as his companion flew above him. The sky suddenly darkened, clouds were swarming above the trees creating a green color in the sky. Thunder crashed and lightning struck, so suddenly that Bug screamed. Rain was pouring heavily, he ran in the direction he had come and covered his head in a futile attempt to stay dry. By the time he reached the road, he was drenched. He had another fifteen minute walk until he was home, he hadn't anticipated this storm. He stomped into the front door glowering at his feet, he slammed the front door. When he looked up he saw the worried glance from his aunt and the glare from his sister. \"What?\" He demanded. Leah continued to glare, while Aunt May looked to the floor. \"Oh, nothing.\" Leah said in a sarcastic tone. She scoffed and walked into the kitchen. \"Aunt May only called you like ten times.\" Bug could tell she was rolling her eyes. \"Why didn't you answer your phone Adam?\" His aunt asked in an even tone. Bug took his sopping shoes off and stood in front of his aunt. \"It didn't ring.\" He was sure it hadn't rung. He remembered hearing it ringing, and then finding that he was hearing things. It was strange. \"That can't be. I left you a voicemail, look at it.\" Bug sighed and pulled his phone out. Surely enough, there was one voicemail, he was flabbergasted. \"I could have sworn that my phone didn't ring.\" \"Where were you?\" His aunt asked seriously. \"I was going for a walk in the woods.\" He turned to walk upstairs and change. \"Bug, please come back in here.\" His aunt called, but he was already walking into his room. \"I need to change.\" He called down before slamming the door. He knew that she didn't believe him. It was chilly, even after he had stripped off his wet clothes. He pulled on a new pair of boxers and jeans before he realized that his window was wide open. He walked to the window cautiously, looking at his closet, the bed and the doorway. He slammed it shut then stared out of it. There was a slight glare in the window; he swore he saw something gleaming. He spun around and saw Leah staring at him through the doorway. \"What has got you spooked?\" She was laughing at him. He glared at her. \"Did you open my window?\" He asked as he pulled a sweater over his head. When he pulled his head trough the top, he saw that Leah was just staring. \"No, why?\" She leaned against the threshold. \"It was open when I walked in.\" Leah looked to the window then back to Bug. \"Weird.\" She shrugged and walked away.\" Bug knew that she was thinking the same thing he was. The memory was still too fresh for him to forget. He didn't bother looking for Hayley the next day. He wanted to be alone anyway. Seth found him at his locker, but Bug slipped away once he was distracted by a tall red-headed freshman. He endured the first few hours without any disturbance, his teachers were still regarding him with some sort of fear, but he ignored it. He skipped out on lunch and sat outside perched in a tree. In the distance he saw a flash of red. He doubled over, and fell from the tree, hitting his head against the trunk. \"Shit,\" he muttered to himself. He sat up and looked back in the direction he saw the red flash. In the distance was a tall, thin, red-headed girl. His heart did a flip in his chest. He knew she couldn't be there, but yet she was there, walking towards him. \"Hello Bug, God's peace.\" She greeted him, smiling. Bug let out a soft sigh and smiled back at her. \"How are you?\" She asked placing her arm on his shoulder. She was wearing a knee length skirt and a simple blouse. \"I am good.\" He replied simply. Penelope saw right through him, she always had, even if they didn't associate often. \"Truly, how are you?\" She said he hand touching his cheek. She sat in the grass and beckoned him to join her. \"Alone, I am alone.\" He said softly. \"Most of all I am scared that the rumors are true. Penelope, is the Ripper back?\" Penelope smiled kindly and stood up. \"It will all be okay. Just keep your friends and family close to you. Don't let this turn them against you. You have a kind soul Bug.\" She hugged him briefly then walked off into the distance, fading as she got farther away. \"Who were you talking to?\" A voice from behind him said. Bug jumped to his feet and spun around. \"No one, I was talking to myself. I was conversing with myself. It is what I do when I am alone, which tends to be most of the time.\" He looked at his feet. \"Look I know you might not want to talk to me anymore, but just don't do anything stupid.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Hayley asked. Bug looked up into her pale green eyes. \"Just forget it,\" he said hastily. He headed off back to the school without waiting for Hayley. She hurried behind him silently. When they were back inside she slipped something into his hand. \"Read it,\" she said before falling away into the crowd. Bug opened the note once he had made it to his next class, careful to keep it out of sight. Meet me at the tree you climbed today. Please? Message me with your answer. She had beautiful handwriting. Bug folded the note and shoved it in his pocket while he pulled out his phone. Wary of the teacher instructing the class, he pondered over the idea of meeting her. It wasn't like he wouldn't want to meet her after school. He just couldn't trust her. When he thought it through, it seemed ridiculous. But he was going to have trust issues no matter who he became close to. By the end of the hour he had his reply: come home with me, we can walk together. I don't think we should be outside alone. You know, he sent the message then tried to pay attention to the lesson at hand. Bug watched the clock with anticipation during the last hour of the day, waiting for the bell to ring. \"What has got you so riled up?\" Seth whispered across from him. \"I am meeting Hayley after school.\" He replied, keeping an eye on the teacher. She had never been fond of Bug. Apparently fame was nothing to her. At first, he found it refreshing. She treated him like everyone else. But now she was being downright rude. The bell rang and he jumped up rushing from the class, he ran into a few desks on his way out, causing a couple of girls to giggle. Seth followed him until they found Hayley in the front of the school. \"Good luck,\" he winked and trotted off in the other direction. The walk to his house was quite uneventful. Bug felt jumpy, every sound caused him to fly three feet in the air, but he noted that Hayley was in the same state. They walked along to road, agreeing that the woods were not a place they wanted to be. Fang's car was parked in the drive and she was standing outside smoking a cigarette. Her anger had lessened, but she wasn't herself. She eyed the two of them cautiously before saying, \"Hey.\" \"You know Aunt May hates it when you smoke.\" Bug said as he held the door open for Hayley. \"I'm not in the house.\" She replied softly. Bug shook his head in disbelief. \"Yeah,\" he muttered as he shut the front door. \"So, shall we do our homework first?\" He asked turning to face Hayley. She nodded sheepishly and settled on the couch. The two of them had gotten lucky; they didn't have much homework. When they finished they walked up to his room. Hayley sat on his bed and looked up at him. He was beyond nervous; it wasn't like they were going to do anything mischievous, but that didn't help. He felt a cold sweat appear on the back of his neck. His eyes flickered over to the window, it was opened again. He rushed over, placing his hands on the top of the window and slammed it shut. He saw Hayley jump from the corner of his eye. \"Sorry,\" he muttered before he left the room. \"I'll be right back.\" He hurried down stairs to find his aunt sitting in the dining room. \"Have you opened my window?\" He asked in a frustrated tone. He placed his arms on the back of a chair and leaned forward. \"Adam I don't understand what you are asking me.\" She looked confused, she shuffled the pile of bills that she had been looking at, and eyed him. He stalked off and walked back to his room. Hayley was looking at the objects on his dresser, one of which was himself and Alex. She spun around when she heard the creak of the door. \"I… I'm sorry Adam, I was just curious.\" She grabbed her arm and rubbed it nervously. \"Its fine, but you know; curiosity is what killed that cat.\" He smiled softly. He knew how cliché it sounded, but he couldn't resist. They sat there for some time in an awkward silence. Hayley rubbed her arm continuously. Bug paced the length of the room until Hayley spoke up. \"Do you want to sit? I can move if you want.\" She made room for him on the bed. Bug slid next to her and fell back, laying his head against a pillow. \"Are you okay?\" She asked as she tucked her legs under her. \"I think he is back.\" He said abruptly. He ran his fingers through his hair and let out a deep sigh. \"Leah won't speak with me because of what happened to Maria. I was worried that you weren't going to after what happened to Dalia. Everything is falling apart again.\" \"That is what I wanted to talk to you about.\" Hayley said, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. He sat up, leaning on his elbows. Shaking the hair out of his eyes, he raised an eyebrow. \"What do you mean?\" He asked, he felt mentally worn out, and the week hadn't even ended. Hayley was a bubbly and happy person, so it was strange to see her so uncertain and timid. \"I don't know if I was seeing things or if there was something out there, but I could have sworn there was something or someone in the woods last night.\" She looked at Bug apprehensively. \"I went for a short run to ease my thoughts. I was about halfway through my usual route when I hear a rustling and what sounded like a scream. I whipped around and saw something in the distance. It was big, but it hunched over. That was all I saw because I turned around and booked it home.\" Bug thought in silence for a long moment. He didn't know what to say; nothing was making sense to him. His door was opened farther and his sister stood there with her arms crossed. \"I spoke with Officer Jeanne, the religious woman.\" She said to both Hayley and Bug. Bug stood up and began to pace. \"She said that it would be more appropriate to speak with her mother; she is wiser. She also told me that we could all go out for lunch this weekend, at her grandmother's home. Hayley, I guess you could come along as well.' She didn't make eye contact, but it was the closest communication that Bug had had with his sister since Maria died. \"Tomorrow then,\" Bug said looking from Hayley to his sister. Leah simply nodded then walked from the room, Hayley nodded and watched Leah walk from the room. \"Is she okay?\" She whispered. Bug only shrugged. He hoped that her mood would fade, but he feared that it wouldn't.[Chapter 7] Author's Note: Hello, I have finished chapter seven. It is shorter; but nonetheless, I hope you enjoy it. Thank you for your reviews. I hope i continue to please you! Review with your thoughts! Thanks! ~Ray-Ray~ The week passed by slowly, and uneventfully. Bug was glad there had been no more people reported missing or murders. He had a feeble hope that it would just disappear, never to be spoken of again. He knew it was foolish. \"Are you ready to go?\" Leah asked Bug; she was returning to normal but at times he watched her slip into that depressing mood. Bug nodded. There first stop was Haley's house. Once they had picked her up they made their way over to Officer Jeanne's home. Her grandmother lived with her in a small quaint place across town. When they arrived it was obvious that those living in the household were very religious. On the door hung a strange symbol; Hayley shot a glance back at Bug. He shrugged. He took a step forward and knocked. After a long moment Officer Jeanne came to the door. She got a look at Bug and Leah and opened the door wider. \"Welcome, I just finished lunch. Come on inside all of you.\" The scar across her neck was prominent. The Ripper had left his mark upon her. Bug looked away. \"Don't worry boy, I understand your unease and it doesn't offend me.\" Then she spoke to an older woman who was sitting in a rocking chair. Her dark hair was streaked with grey, and it was pulled into a tight bun held by a pencil. \"Grandma, the children are here.\" Bug frowned at the word 'children' but shrugged it off. \"My grand-baby tells me you have questions about the murders that have been occurring.\" She said not looking from where she had been staring off moments before. Jeanne leaned forward and whispered. \"She is blind,\" Hayley nodded and Leah made an inaudible 'ah'. \"Yes ma'am, your granddaughter said that we could visit and discuss it over lunch.\" Bug said in a faint voice. \"You are the boy, aren't you?\" Bug scowled at her words, not understanding. \"You are the one who killed the first reincarnation.\" She stated. Bug nodded, but then realized that she couldn't see him and he began to fumble with his words. \"Ye-yes,\" he stuttered. The woman smiled at his stammering and stood; walking towards the kitchen. \"Who are the others that are with you?\" She asked as she made her way with her walking stick securing her way the kitchen table. \"My sister, Leah; and my friend, Hayley,\" Bug whispered. He hesitated before following the woman into the small kitchen; Leah and Hayley close behind them. \"Would you like some lemonade my dears?\" She asked as she poured her own glass. Bug watched her with his eyes wide with amazement as she filled all the glasses. Jeanne handed the three of them their glasses and a plate with sandwiches. \"Go on and eat.\" She said kindly. Bug glanced at Leah and saw that she was becoming impatient. Hayley on the other hand looked bewildered. Bug to a hesitant sip of the lemonade; it was very sweet. He finished his sandwich quickly. It was scrumptious. \"So what do you have to ask me, younglings?\" Leah, Bug and Hayley looked from one another. Leah finally took the initiative and asked the first question. \"Do you believe that the Ripper is back?\" She said bluntly. Her voice quivered at the mention of his name. \"I believe that he has repossessed a body.\" She said between sips of lemonade. Her daughter sat nearby listening to the conversation. \"What do you mean by that?\" Hayley asked. She leaned forward in her seat and leaned her elbows on the table. \"Sweetheart, leaning your elbows on the table shows poor manners.\" She said in a light tone. Hayley lifted her arms from the table and set them in her lap quietly, her eyes wide with shock. \"I simply mean the soul of the Ripper never left the earth. He feels that he has something left to do.\" Bug leaned back in his chair taking in a deep breath; this was something that he should have expected. The first time the Ripper had been reincarnated was into a new born child, Alex. He couldn't think about his poor friend now. \"But he couldn't have reincarnated into another infant, not enough time has passed for that.\" He said, trying to make sense of what the woman was saying. \"That is true, so he had to take the body of a grown person. But he can't do that if the soul still inhabits the body, or is strong enough to keep control.\" The woman said between bites of food. \"Then how would his soul reenter the human world?\" Hayley asked. \"He invaded the body of one who had a weak soul, or whose soul had fled the mortal body.\" \"If he were to die again, would there be no way of knowing if he would actually leave the mortal world?\" Hayley said. \"No,\" she said in a flat tone. \"That is the worst news, I am afraid.\" She stood and began to walk into the back hall. The three sat there awkwardly, not knowing what to do. The old woman called from the distance. They scrambled from their chairs and followed Jeanne, who was opening a glass door. The backyard was vast. A large willow was set at the center of the yard, and it had grown well. Its wispy branches were thick and strong. Jeanne's mother was sitting in a chair placed next to the tree. A dog ran freely in the yard. When it saw Bug, Leah, and Hayley; it ran up sniffing the three of them curiously. \"Harold, come over here.\" The woman said. The chocolate lab trotted to the woman and sat at her feet, laying his head in her lap. \"That is a good boy.\" She said scratching behind his ears. With Jeanne leading the way, they walked over to the woman and pulled up some chairs. \"How would we find him?\" Leah asked hesitantly. \"I think you already know that answer. The two of you know the Ripper better than anyone who is alive. I don't think it is wise to go looking for the reincarnation, especially you my son.\" She said to Leah and me. \"Then what are you going to do?\" Leah countered. \"Pray.\" She said softly. \"I suspect that that is all you wanted to know. I am growing tired. I am sorry, but I must say goodbye.\" She stood and walked in, the dog guiding her by leaning his body against her as she walked. They left the house quietly, saying goodbye to Jeanne and then walking out to Leah's car. \"Well, that only made me more scared.\" Hayley said. Leah nodded as she put the car into reverses. Bug only stared off into the woods and swore he saw a cloaked figure once more. He began to fear for the old woman's life.[Chapter 8] Author's Note: Hello everyone, I have completed this chapter, and it contains two dream sequences, the second I was given help from The White Prince. Thank you once more! Please review, and as always tell me what you think honestly! I loave hearing from the readers! Enjoy! *Ray-Ray It was dark outside, and he was traveling stealthily. He didn't want to be heard. He knew that she didn't live alone, which meant that he may need to kill both people. The woman had always been able to see through him. He never could understand how. But he knew that she was a threat to him now, despite her age. He made his way around the house lurking quietly through each room in search for the old woman. He found her sitting in the rocking chair in the front room. \" I figured you would visit me tonight, Ripper.\" She said softly. Her tone angered him; he strode forward and placed his hands on the arm rests of the chair. \" Don't speak to me like you know who I am.\" He demanded; his voice was gruff. \" But I do know you.\" She said simply. \"Now don't toy with me child, do what you came here to do.\" There was not a hint of fear in her voice. She simply folded her hands and looked up at him waiting patiently. \" Fear Ye, the Ripper!\" He shouted in the woman's face. She didn't even flinch as he raised the knife and struck across her throat. He was reminded of the woman's kin, who he had attempted to kill years before. The woman merely smiled as blood poured from her neck. She opened her mouth to speak, but she only made a gurgling sound. Her message was clear. ' May the wrath of God fall upon your evil soul.' He simply chuckled. From somewhere in the hall he heard a sound, spinning quickly he trudged down the hall. When he found the younger woman, she was standing with a pistol in her hand. \" Hello Ripper.\" She said before firing the gun. With no hesitation he rushed toward the woman. Her gun had backfired and missed. This gave him the advantage he needed. She fled to the bedroom and struggled with the window. He ran and tackled her head on, through the window. They tumbled onto the lawn. The woman was strong, but she was in a state of shock from the fall. \" I've got you know you cunt!\" He shouted as he reopened the scar on her neck and watched in marvel as the blood seemed to glow on her dark skin. She threw her hands to her neck, but was unable to stop the bleeding. For good measure, he stabbed her in the stomach and thrust the knife upward. \"Bug, get out of bed!\" Leah shouted. Bug suddenly sat up knocking his sister to the floor with a flailing arm. \"Jerk,\" she muttered as she stood up. \"What?\" He looked at her. \"Oh, I'm sorry. I had a bad dream.\" He rubbed his temples, he hadn't been awake for a minute and his head was ready to explode. Leah froze, and stared at him for a minute. \"What kind of bad dream?\" She asked. She sat down on the bed next to him and eyed him precariously. \"It was just a nightmare about…\" he hesitated, thinking of something to say. \"It was nothing.\" He said finally. Fang looked at him but said nothing. He knew she saw right through his bluff, but she wasn't going to push it. \"Mom… I mean May has breakfast ready.\" Bug laughed lightly at her slip of tongue. Leah rarely called Aunt May mom. If she had it had been in a sarcastic tone, almost cruel. But that was before the Ripper had been defeated. Now the term would slide every once in a while, and she didn't seem to mind. They ate quietly at the table; Leah didn't look like she had gotten much sleep and neither did May. Bug picked at his food. He had no appetite today. At one point Leah threw down her spoon and began sobbing again. Aunt May stood and took the food to back into the kitchen. Bug followed his aunt. \"What is wrong?\" He asked softly, so Leah wouldn't hear. Aunt May avoided his gaze. \"Jeanne and her grandmother they are…\" She stopped and swallowed, turning her gaze to the sink. \"The police found Jeanne outside her home; she was drenched in her own blood.\" May turned away and walked upstairs. Bug stood there motionless, he felt nauseous. He leaned over the sink and threw up, turning the faucet on so Leah wouldn't hear. Today was going to be a long day. By third hour, Bug could hardly stand the throb in his temples; he set his head in his arms and tried to tune out the sounds around him. Within minutes he fell asleep. He woke up in his room, his old room. He looked around and saw the dresser placed across from him and the closet next to the door, which was ajar. A cool breeze caused him to pull the covers around his face. He looked to his left. The window was open as well. He got out of bed and shut it. The next second he heard the door slam. Bug spun around, but saw nothing. Then slowly, his closet door began to slide open. Bug took no time to see what, or who, came from the closet. He turned back to his window and yanked it open. Without looking over his shoulder he climbed through the window and slid from the roof. He glanced up at his window and saw only a blur as the figure moved from the window. He fell to the ground and glanced up at his room, he then stood and staggered off into the woods. He knew immediately that it was a mistake. He remembered that all of his friends had been found in the woods. It was the Ripper's domain. Bug knew that even if he ran, the Ripper would find him; he didn't give up. He stumbled through the thicket and made his way to the river's edge. He stopped and looked around. The candles around the ambulance were lit. It created an eerie glare across the remains of the ambulance. Bug blinked, and he swore he saw someone in the driver's side of the car. He shook his head and counted to ten with his eyes shut. He heard splashing from the river, but when Bug looked over, he saw nothing. Then he heard the unmistakable voice of a demon possessed man. \" I told your friend I would get them all. You are last my dear son.\" A large hand grabbed him by the sleeve and pushed him into the river. Bug heard the faint clash of metals as the blade slide out. \" I am not your son.\" He kicked the man and tried to stand, but the muck under the water was so slimy that he fell back down. The Ripped grabbed him once more and turned Adam so he could look him in the eye. What Adam saw terrified him. He was looking into the face of his best friend, the one that they buried in the ground a year ago. He would have screamed, but a hand covered his face. \" Alex is dead.\" He muttered, though it was barely audible. The man laughed, something about the laugh was wrong, and twisted. \" That is what you think.\" He said as he dunked Bug under the water and held him there. Bug kicked and flailed his arms trying to break free. He was pulled back above water by his hair and before he could clear his eyes of the water he felt a sharp pang in his side. \" Look at the blood as it spreads through what was once clean. It is beautiful.\" The man looked at the knife and ran it across Bugs cheekbone. He felt the skin tear at the touch of the blade named vengeance. \" Bug took all his energy and adrenaline and focused it in his legs. He then kicked the man, who fell over into the water and tried to run once more. \" You son of a bitch,\" the Ripper yelled. \"He reached over and grabbed Bug at the ankle. He fell back into the water and sputtered for air. The Ripper took his last strikes, stabbing Bug once more in the abdomen and then slitting his throat with care. As Bug was struggling to cover his throat and breathe, he watched the man reached up. But before he could see anything else, his heart had slowed to a stop and his eyes lost all sight. He was a lifeless corpse.[Chapter 9] He screamed and scrambled out of bed feeling his neck and chest. He gasped for air and staggered to the bathroom. He was alive and he was breathing, no wounds. He turned the shower on and stripped off his clothes. Bug sat on the floor of the tub letting the water roll off his head and shoulders. Then he leaned against the wall and closed his eyes, but the visions of the blood filled his mind. Bug jumped at the sound of someone at the bathroom door. \"Are you okay?\" It was Leah, she peeked into the room. \"Go,\" he said in a gruff voice. Leah stood there for only another moment before she closed the door again. He didn't know what to do so he left the house. He walked around and made his way to the river. Images flashed in his mind. The blade, blood, and the river flashed through his mind. His dream and the Ripper's reappearance were all connected somehow. Bug had slowly waded into the water, he was now knee deep. He looked down into the water and saw something, a reflection. \"Alex?\" He whispered. The water rippled and changed. A man with a mangled mess of hair and the vengeance blade in his right hand was looking up at him through the water. Bug screamed and fell backwards. His hands sunk into the murky mud beneath the surface. He then felt a sharp pain, let out a yelp and tried to stand. He fell onto his knees, and crawled back to the bank. He was covered in mud; he stood and took his shirt off to wring it out. Back at home he stripped off his damp clothes and threw them in the laundry, and then he found something else to wear. Leah came into his room as he was putting on a new pair of jeans; he jumped when he turned to see her leaning against the door frame. \"Have you heard of knocking?\" He said aggravated. She shrugged. \"Not like there is anything for you to hide.\" She laughed. \"Anyway what happened to you this morning?\" She walked into his room and sat on his bed. \"Nothing, I had a bad dream that's all.\" He tried to shrug it off, but he remembered the blade, and the pain. \"I got that much, I heard you screaming in your sleep. Was it the Ripper?\" She said in a more sensitive tone. Bug looked away from her and rummaged through his drawers for a shirt. He found a sweater and pulled it over his head. \"Yes, but it was different from the other dreams.\" He shuddered. \"He killed me, in the place where he died.\" \"You died in your dream?\" She said bewildered. \"Isn't it bad if you die in your dreams?\" Bug shrugged; he didn't want to worry about what it meant that he died in his dream. Leah was rambling on about what it meant and what it could mean for him in the near future. He was getting a head ache and he couldn't stand her high pitched voice any longer. \"Get out.\" He said harshly. She stopped and stared back at him. He repeated himself once before he shoved her none too gently out of the room. He sat in his room pondering over the dream, but the migraine became unbearable. He felt nauseous so he made his way to the bathroom. Nothing he tried worked. He stared in the mirror and washed his face. He went back to his room. \"Hey man.\" Seth said. \"Holy shit, how did you get in here?\" Bug said. He fiddled around with things on his desk. \"Your aunt let me in. She said you were upstairs.\" He said shrugging. \"Are you doing anything today?\" \"No, why?\" He asked. Seth grinned. Bug wondered what he was up to. \"I heard there is a party over by the river. It's supposed to be a memorial for the ones who died recently.\" \"Isn't it a bit soon for something like that?\" Bug said looking from his window. \"I mean, they haven't caught the killer.\" \"You worry too much.\" Seth said laughing. He agreed to go to the party but he still felt uneasy about the circumstances. He and Seth sat in his room for a while and discussed Hailey. \"Do you think she is going?\" Bug asked. Seth only shrugged. He took Bug's cell and waved it in the air before tossing it. \"Call her and find out.\" Bug caught the phone, nearly dropping it. The phone rang four times before Hayley picked up. \"Hello?\" \"Hayley, its Bug.\" He said softly into the phone. \"Hey, Bug.\" She said in a light tone. \"What's up?\" Bug stammered, forgetting what to say. \"Uh… I was wondering if you heard about the party going on tonight, out by the river.\" \"Yeah, I did. Are you going?\" She asked. \"Yes. Seth is dragging me out there.\" Seth flipped him off. \"Oh, okay.\" She paused. \"I'll see you there.\" Then she hung up the phone. Seth smiled and walked into the hall. \"Let's go.\" The bank was full of people. Someone had their car doors open and was blasting music while supplying the drinks. Couples were scattered across the area standing too close. Seth had already spotted a pretty girl and was talking to her leaning against the ambulance. With some odd realization, Bug knew that Penelope had been laid there after the Ripper killed her. He could see her pale skin and lifeless eyes. He shook the thought away. \"Hey there stranger,\" someone said from behind. Bug spun around to see Leah. \"Hi Fang,\" he said. \"I didn't know you were going to be here.\" \"I didn't know you would be coming to such a party.\" She said in a maternal tone. \"Seth suggested it.\" He said sheepishly. Fang shook her head and walked away. Someone touched his shoulder lightly causing him to jump. \"Sorry! I didn't mean to scare you.\" Hayley said giggling. Bug shrugged it off smiling lightly. \"I am surprised to see you here.\" \"I'm surprised I came at all. This place… I want to burn it down.\" He said honestly. He wanted to burn away the memories of his friends. He wanted to forget the things that happened to the seven of them that night. He and Hayley walked farther from the party and sat on some boulders at the edge of the water. They sat in silence for some time. It wasn't an awkward silence, but a comfortable one. Bug closed his eyes and relaxed. \"Who do you think would do such a thing?\" Hayley said, breaking the silence. Bug opened his eyes and stared into the murky water. He shrugged, Hayley didn't seem to notice and she continued to talk. \"It really disturbs me that someone could do this to anyone. That person may be cruel to others, but that doesn't justify murder.\" \"No it doesn't.\" Bug said. \"It all really freaks me out.\" Hayley shivered and wrapped her arms around herself. \"What do you do when you get scared?\" Something stirred in Adam's memory. \"Well, I talk to my sister, or walk in the woods. What about you?\" \"I… shop.\" She said in a light voice. Bug was instantly reminded of Brittany. Her face flooded his mind; he was suddenly filled with a great sadness. ' Ah behold Bug, what light through yonder window breaks?' Alex had said that morning on their sixteenth birthday. ' You should really get out more Bug. Shop… That's what I do when I'm scared.' Brittany had been scared too. She knew deep down that they were going to die. Was it his turn? \"Bug, are you okay?\" Hayley touched his hand. \"Yeah,\" he jumped at her touch, but didn't move his hand. Her touch was comforting and he needed that. He slowly turned his hand so their fingers were laced together. They sat there in silence leaning against one another. She didn't say anything to him, and he said nothing to her. Bug was reminded of how close they had been when they were in his room. There was laughter coming closer, causing Hayley to jump from where she sat. \"Hey man, Leah is looking for you.\" It was Seth, and latched to his side was a short brunette. \"What does she want?\" Bug sighed. Seth shrugged and turned to the girl at his side. Leah was leaning against her car smoking a cigarette. \"You know that is eventually going to kill you. Aunt May won't approve.\" She glared and flicked the butt at his feet. \"We need to leave.\" Bug stared at her in shock. The nights passed with fragments of strange dreams, not involving him at all. He didn't die again, but he was killing people. He was killing his own friends. The most frustrating part was that he couldn't remember who or where. As the weeks went on he became suspicious. He couldn't speak with Officer Jeanne or her grandmother; which upset him further. On a Thursday, Bug fell asleep in class and began to dream. He was running. He heard the wail of sirens and the shots of guns. He made it to the river and waded into the water. \" Ripper, stop!\" Bug turned around to look at the strange police officer who had called out to him. He smiled maliciously and raised his knife. The officer lifted his weapon in response; but instead of a gun in his hand he held a sock. Bug later thought that the sock had been strange, but in the dream he paid no mind to it. He thrust the knife in his stomach and pushed upward. He then shouted as he fell to his knees, \" I am the devil's own.\" Bug woke with a start and clutched his stomach. \"Adam, are you alright?\" The teacher asked; she seemed to have been in the middle of some lecture. \"I am fine,\" he went to wave her concern away but noticed his hand was bleeding. He looked around him and saw that his pencil was covered in his blood. He clenched his hand in a fist and stood. \"May I go to the restroom?\" The woman gave him a worried look, but filled out his pass silently. Bug walked to the bathroom and washed off his hand. The cut had been fairly deep and he had nothing to wrap around it. He grabbed the sleeve of his shirt at ripped part of it off and tied it around his hand. From there he walked to the nurse's office. \"What brings you here?\" The old woman said kindly. Bug unwrapped his hand. The woman observed the wound in silence and began to clean it. \"How did you manage that?\" Bug blushed and looked at the floor. \"I had fallen asleep. I-I guess I must have gripped the pencil too tight.\" He shrugged. The woman chuckled deeply. \"That's a way to teach you a lesson isn't it?\" She smiled and patted his hand; now bandaged and cleaned properly. Another week passed with no sign of the Ripper. The folks in town were beginning to believe that the omen had left the Riverton. Even Leah had seemed to forget about Maria's death. Bug himself was feeling worse than ever. The voices of the other six were raging inside his mind. ' He can't be gone; unless it was an imposter.' Brittany hissed. ' Britt, calm down. It was most likely some freak.' Brandon said in an angry tone. ' Bug,' Alex whispered. 'Have you killed anyone?' Bug flinched at the question. He was glad that the six only spoke with him when he was alone, because Principal Pratt would have him shipped away to a facility if he knew. \"Not that I remember,\" he whispered to himself. He could feel Bug's skeptical glance, even though he was only real within his mind. ' Not that you remember?' He questioned hypothetically. Bug groaned to himself. ' Don't think about that Bug, you are a hero and you will always be one.' Jerome said confidently. \"Wouldn't you guys know if something was taking over my body and killing people?\" ' Not if that spirit pushed us away to where we couldn't see anything. It would be like falling asleep. We would have no recollection of the event just as you wouldn't'. Jay said. 'It is most likely that you took in the Ripper's soul when you killed Alex.' ' God is with you Bug, I don't believe the bad soul would have been able to penetrate your mind and make it the Ripper's new domain. Pray to the Lord Adam, he is our shepherd. He will guide us into the light.' Penelope said in a soft gentle tone. Bug did pray that night, at dinner and before he went to bed. He hoped Penelope was right; that night he went to sleep and he saw the Ripper in his nightmares once more. A/N: Hello, I have finally finished the ninth chapter. I am sorry for the great wait. At the end of this chapter I finally brought in the fact that Bug has the souls of the six, for company. I have posted a poll, about the Ripper. Look at it and please vote. I would love to see your thought about the new Ripper. So please, review. And thanks for the love. *Ray-Ray[Chapter 10] First, I must apologize for the GREAT delay in updating... I feel terrible. Second, I must thank the White Prince for giving me just hte right advice to get this chapter written. Third, I hope you enjoy as always and I hope you will share your thoughts with me in your reviews. I believe I left you with another cliff hanger, so I do plan to update quickly. I seriously hope my fans havent lost interest... I do feel terrible.. Im filled with this trerrible guilt. But as always Happy reading. I love you guys, all my fans. Truly. I am terrible to you though.. I promise never to make you wait so long again.. *Ray-Ray Slamming the snooze button, Bug turned over in his bed. For several nights now he had been dreaming of the Ripper. Things seemed to only be going downhill. The whole town was in complete chaos. The funerals for the victims of the recent murders were being held this week and the night watch had been increased, a demand from the sheriff. Aunt May insisted on going to prayer group every Wednesday night due to the tragic events. The coordinator was determined to get Bug to talk, open up about his feelings. \"Now son,\" he would say. \"You were greatly affected the last time something like this happened. How does this make you feel now?\" \"What do y-you mean?\" Bug would ask. \"Well, are you scared?\" \"Of course,\" he would reply every time. This Wednesday however, he pretended to be ill. He waited in his bed until he heard Leah and his Aunt pull out of the drive way; when the coast was clear he opened his window and climbed out. \"Finally,\" Seth said. \"I thought you had forgotten.\" \"Dude, I wouldn't forget.\" He shook his head. \"My aunt wouldn't let me be. She wanted to stay home and nurse me back to 'heath'.\" He chuckled. Seth only shook his head. They were sitting outside a gas station waiting for Seth's latest girl. Bug was feeling skeptical; he figured he would end up being a third wheel, and not for the first time. Seth was swearing that it wouldn't be like other times. \"Hey, there she is.\" He smiled as he stood from the curb. Bug looked over and saw a thin girl walking their direction. As she got closer, Bug realized who it was. \"Are you kidding me?!\" He hissed. \"Dude how could you!\" \"Whoa, hold up bro.\" Seth said holding up his hands as a sign of surrender. \"You knew I liked her!\" He was flailing his arms now. Seth was grinning madly, which only infuriated Bug more. \"You really hit an all-time low man… not cool.\" He was fuming; flailing his arms uncontrollably. \"Calm your shit dude.\" Seth said his face serious. \"I called her so that you could hang out. I'm going to go out with someone else. Look she is coming around the corner now.\" Bug stopped short of his next retort and looked past Hayley. Another girl was walking up behind her; she was wearing a low cut shirt and a short skirt. Bug thought that that she fit Seth's type. He relaxed. \"Sorry dude…\" He said softly. Seth put his arm around him. \"It's cool,\" he waved it off. \"I wouldn't do that to you though, you know that man.\" \"Yeah, I'm sorry.\" He shook his head. Hayley had reached them. \"Hey,\" she said softly. \"Hi,\" Bug said just as soft. He looked at Seth who was already making his way to his girl. \"How are you?\" \"I'm okay; I haven't really felt like myself lately though.\" She said; Bug gave her a look asking her to elaborate. \"Well, I don't know.\" She began, \"Everything is so messed up right now. I just went to my friend's funeral a few days ago, and I don't know what to do. It seems like the whole down is falling to pieces. We all thought it was over. Everyone believed that you had fixed everything. You were our miracle Adam.\" She was crying; Bug stared at her horrified. \"A miracle…\" He whispered. \" You were the miracle child, while I was the painful reminder.\" He could hear Leah screaming. It was happening all over again. He couldn't shake her voice from his head now. \"Adam,\" Hayley was standing inches away from him now. \"What is going to happen?\" He could see the fear plain as day in her eyes. He didn't want to make anything worse for her, but he didn't want to lie either. \"Honestly, I don't know.\" He put his arm around her to comfort her. One of the boldest things he had ever done. She leaned her head against his shoulder. \"Do you want to know what I think we need to do?\" She nodded. \"Stick together,\" He started. \"All of us. I mean you, me, Seth, and Leah. It doesn't have to stop there though, everyone needs to stick together. It is the only way we can survive this. No matter who is behind this. We cannot let them rip us apart; it is what they want to happen. That sort of thing makes it easier for them to attack us. \"W-we have to stay strong.\" He began to falter and he hated himself for it. He wanted to be strong for Hayley. He swallowed his pain and continued. \"We have to be strong for those we have lost.\" Hayley looked at him with teary eyes, but she was smiling. \"That was beautiful.\" She said, leaning close to him. Bug's heart rate increased. He knew what she was doing; he didn't know what to do about it. She wrapped her arms around him and planted a small kiss on his lips. Bug started at her closed eyes in great shock. Slowly he found himself wrapping his arms around her waist and pulling her up to him. He closed his eyes and kissed back; which was the boldest thing he had every done. He felt clumsy, but she didn't seem to notice. When she pulled away, Bug was a little disappointed. \"I've wanted to do that for a while now, I was just too shy.\" She grinned and took hold of his hands. He was so self-conscious; he didn't even register what she was saying. He was too worried about whether or not his breath smelled, or if his palms were sweaty. He needed Seth there to tell him what to do, or… Alex, he thought sadly. ' I am always here Bug.' Alex said cruelly. ' I know… But I mean in person.' He thought silently. I am only messing with you Bug'. Ale reassured. \"Where did you go?\" Hayley asked, waving her hand in front of his face. She giggled. \"Sorry,\" he whispered. \"It's okay, you think too much though.\" She leaned up and kissed his nose. \"Well, it is getting really late. Do you think Seth will be back soon?\" Bug shook his head. \"I didn't either. Walk me home,\" She suggested. \"Of course,\" He held out his arm for her to take. He was feeling more confident than he had ever felt, and he couldn't describe it. The next morning he woke up early and made breakfast for everyone. When May and Leah woke up; they were speechless. \"Someone is in a good mood.\" Aunt May said; smiling. She sat down and let Bug serve her. Leah stood in the doorway with her eyebrows arched, but she was smiling as well. \"I bet I know why.\" She laughed and sat down. \"Hayley,\" she said in a teasing voice. Bug smiled sheepishly. \"Oh,\" Aunt May said laughing. \"Guys, shut up.\" Then he added, \"Please.\" They only laughed harder. They ate breakfast happily, and they forgot about everything for a while. \"Well, get ready for school.\" May said. \"I'll clean up.\" Bug and Leah stood reluctantly and went upstairs. Bug heard his aunt turn on the television. The news was on, and they weren't reporting good news. He looked at Leah and they both sat at the top of the stairs listening intently. \"Last night, the body of a young girl was found in an alleyway across from the local gas station. A suspect has been put into custody; however, police are unable to release any names at this point and time. Officials said the girl was found with the exact wounds as previous victims this year and the Ripper cases in the past. This is very unsettling news, but hopefully our fears will be put at rest.\" Bug looked at Leah. \"Leah, we were out there last night… Seth, Hayley and I. Seth met with this girl… What if it is her, and they took him in?\" Bug began to hyperventilate. \"You were out there?!\" Leah said shocked, but she shook it off. \"You don't know if it was her, it could be any girl and any suspect. Why don't you call Seth and see if he answers?\" Bug nodded. \"That is a good idea.\" He ran into his room and grabbed his phone. He fumbled to find the right numbers. The phone didn't even ring once; it went straight to voicemail. Now he was terrified. Had his friend been the copycat all along? \"He didn't answer,\" Bug said numbly. Leah had entered the room, but he wouldn't turn from the window. \"Maybe it died and he hasn't had the chance to turn it back on after charging it…\" she suggested meekly. Bug could tell she had no idea what to say to comfort him. \"That is possible,\" Bug said feeling more hopeful. He dressed quickly and made Leah rush. \"We need to get to school.\" He kept saying; he didn't want to lose faith in his friend. At school there was no sight of Seth. Bug's stomach dropped; he couldn't believe it. His friend was at the police station, probably being questioned as he sat through school. \" Have faith Bug.\" Penelope said soothingly. \"It's hard to…\" He whispered. \" God will take care of everything. It is in his design.\" She said. \"It is his design to make the only best friends I ever had both murderers?\" He hissed. \"Bug is everything alright?\" He spun around, and met eyes with Hayley. She looked worried. \"No…\" He said at last. \"I am worried about Seth.\" Hayley took his hand. \"I am too.\" She admitted. \"You don't think he did it do you?\" He said softly. They were walking to English together. Hayley kept the pace slow. He was glad for that because he needed to talk to someone about what was going on, and he felt that Hayley was the best person for the job. \"I hope not. I think he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time, if it was the girl he met with last night.\" She looked dubious despite her words. \"But it doesn't look good for him either way. We were all there last night. But no one saw him after we split up.\" \"Are you accusing him?\" He asked anger flaring inside him like a large flame. \"No!\" Hayley said. \"I wouldn't do that Adam. Look, I know you care about him and I respect that. If you believe he is innocent, then I do too.\" I don't know if he is or not… Bug thought to himself as they walked into the classroom. Despite the efforts of Hayley, Penelope, Brittney, and Alex, Bug still worried about Seth. By lunch he had decided to stop by his house to see if he had stayed home sick, or just simply played hooky. After class ended, he said goodbye to Hayley by hugging her tightly. \"I'll be home as soon as I can.\" He told Leah, and he left in the opposite direction of the two of them. The walk wasn't as long as it was to his house, but every step seemed to be a mile long. He was terrified of what he might find, or not find. He was about halfway when he heard something in the woods to his right. No, he thought to himself. It can't be… He walked faster, bawling his hands into fist so he wouldn't tremble. By the time he was in view of Seth's home, he was sprinting. He pounded on the door. No one answered. Bug decided that was not a good sign, kicking the door he turned away and tried to think of what to do next. He could go down to the station, or he could go home. He felt a pain in his hand, and looked down to see that he had his fists clenched so tight that he had drawn blood. Wiping his hands off; he walked away from the house and began to head home. Having forgotten about the noise he heard; Bug took the long route home… through the woods. He needed the time to think about what was happening, and whether or not it was all true. His friend was MIA, and the only possible explanation was that he had been arrested. If it was true than Bug reasoned that it was his own fault for having bad taste in friends. Immediately he regretted even thinking of something like that. Alex had been one of his greatest friends. Seth was a close second. He thought about all the times that he had spent with either of them. Alex had gotten Bug to open up, and become himself. He gave him confidence to be someone. Seth made him feel normal again. Seth encouraged him to be more outgoing. At the same time he never pushed Bug into something he didn't want to do. The more he thought about Seth, the more he didn't believe that he was responsible. \" If he had the bad soul in him, he would be responsible.\" Brandon muttered in his head. \"Don't say that! There is no way that is possible.\" Bug said loudly. \" You heard the old lady didn't you?\" Brandon spat. \"She said weak souls can easily be overpowered. I believe the six of us have proven that.\" He added in a snarky tone. \"I am not weak.\" He muttered. \"Besides, you haven't taken control of me!\" \" Brandon does have a point though Bug…\" Jay said. \"Think about it. Seth used to be into drugs. That has to leave one's soul temporarily handicapped, if not permanently. It fits.\" Bug shook his head. \"I can't accept that. I won't.\" He cried. Head pounding, he fell to the ground. \"He would just kill me. The Ripper wants me. He doesn't want anyone but me. If it was Seth, he would have already done it by now.\" He reasoned. \" Bug, you said so yourself. They feed of fear. Maybe he is toying with your mind. Waiting until you are most afraid.\" Jay said. \" Logically, everything points to him.\" Brittneysaid . \"The evidence is there.\" \" Don't give up hope.\" Penelope said, trying to give him faith. \" Penelope is right Bug.\" Jerome said. \"We only know what you know. Nothing is for sure.\" He sent him a wave of comfort. \" Don't bother lying to him Jerome. Brittney is right. There is hard evidence that suggests this kid did it. I mean his drug history, and the fact that he is nowhere to be found. He was also probably the last person to see that girl alive. Besides, why else would he befriend you Bug. He acts just like Alex did. Appearing randomly when you are alone, and then disappearing in the next second. It is just messed up. \" Brandon said. He felt hatred surge throughout his body. He also felt the shock of the other five. \"Are you fucking kidding?!\" Bug shouted. He could faintly hear the footsteps of someone in the woods nearby. He tried to stand, but his head was pounding. Nausea overwhelmed him and he only fell back to the ground. The person was getting closer. Bug looked around to try and see whoever was approaching, but everything was blurry. He couldn't make out the plant to inches from his face. Vaguely he could hear his name being called out. He could have sworn it was the Ripper, calling him to join the others. Silently Bug accepted his fate. Someone grabbed his shoulders lifting him from the ground. He felt a piercing pain in his temples. Then suddenly, his whole world went black. ","Summary":" Author's Note: I loved the movie my soul to take. So I chose to write about what happens to Bug/Ada"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 2010","Title":"The Outlaws","Author":"lafiametta","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6031167","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: this story follows from the story laid out in the Theatrical Version of the movie, rather than the Director's Cut. (Having just seen the Director's Cut, I noticed that there are some scenes in it that contradict a few of the plot points I put in the story, which was written before the DVD was released.) They arrived in the wood just as the sun was falling. It had taken nearly all the afternoon to pack up the household items, Marion's clothes, and some food, and then load it onto the horses. The news would come quick and they didn't have time to waste. The hour before dark is always an eerie one in the life of a forest. The shadows grew longer and deeper, as the light filtered weakly through the canopy. Few birds could be heard. Only the sounds of leaves and twigs snapping under their horses' hooves broke through the quiet. Marion could swear she heard the faint sound of laughing in the distance. As she looked up and down the trail, though, she saw nothing. He must have glimpsed some fear in her eyes, for he clutched her reins and brought both their horses to a stop. Alan, Will, John, and the friar, travelling some distance behind them, stopped as well, conferring privately. \"We don't have to do this, Marion. We can go north. John has kin in the Lowlands.\" \"There's no need.\" She sighed. \"No one will venture into Sherwood. Not even the Sheriff would be so foolish.\" \"Perhaps I should just go.\" \"What?\" \"I'm the outlaw, the one they're after. There's no reason for you to do…\" – he waved at the forest surrounding them – \"…this.\" \"I made my choice. I want to stand with you. If that means a little dirt and privation, so be it.\" \"I just…\" His eyes softened. \"I would never want you to suffer for what I've done.\" \"What you've done?\" She smiled, looking up at him teasingly. \"If we're going to list your offenses, let's begin with your exploits of carrying off a damsel – a respectable widow, no less – into your fugitive's lair. What will your chroniclers make of it?\" \"Be serious for a moment.\" \"I am. What you have done, I have done also. I helped you pretend to be Robert, if you remember. And I plan to shelter you, outlaw though you may be. I am just as guilty as you, so it's only fitting that we share the punishment, which, in our case, happens to be this forest.\" She spurred her horse on, leaving him behind. It was getting darker and colder, and she pulled her cloak tighter. As she scanned into the depths of the forest, its shadows seemed to multiply. It would be easy to lose one's way in a place such as this, she thought. A glint out of the darkness hurtled towards her. A pair of wide, startled eyes, belonging to a doe, rushed headlong across the path, brushing by her horse and causing it to spook. As it jolted along the path, she held tight, trying to keep her balance. She looked suddenly back behind her, her heart in her throat. With one quick, liquid motion, he had pulled an arrow from the pouch on his back, notched it, drew back the bowstring, and let the arrow soar straight into the beast's chest. It lurched, uncertain of where to move next, until it realized it no longer could, and collapsed suddenly onto the leaves. As she gained control of her horse, she turned to where the doe lay, its lifeblood seeping into the ground. \"Killing the king's deer? You're definitely an outlaw now.\"[Chapter 2] Please note: I'm glossing over the fact that, in the film, Marion led some of the outlaw boys to fight the French. As much as I loved the movie, I found that whole scenario pretty ridiculous, so I'm just going to pretend it didn't happen. The men heaved to lift up the doe, trussed and bound upon John's quarterstaff. Alan and John, now astride their horses, were to hold one end of the quarterstaff each, with the doe dangling between them. The horses could smell the blood, though, and they danced nervously from side to side, their ears held flat back against their heads. \"At least we'll eat well for a few nights, boys,\" said Robin, returning to his horse. \"That's well for you to say,\" grumbled Will. \"We don't even have a place to sleep yet, and it's past sunset.\" \"There's bound to be a clearing close by. We'll make camp soon enough.\" Robin mounted his horse, making his way over to where Marion sat upon hers, waiting. \"How are you?\" \"I'm fine,\" she patiently replied. \"She was just spooked, that's all. I'm more worried about this mythical clearing you're going to find. I hope it doesn't take half the night.\" \"Not to worry. If there's one thing I've learned as a soldier, it's how to find a decent place to sleep in the middle of the woods.\" \"In this, and all things, I yield to your vast experience, milord.\" She subserviently bowed her head, her lively eyes shining in the rising moonlight. As darkness blanketed them, the six riders continued down the path, slowed somewhat by the added encumbrance of the deer. They had gone nearly into the heart of Sherwood. \"There we are, boys.\" Robin stopped, his hand pointing to an open space, surrounded by trees, several paces off to their right. \"That's what we were looking for.\" As they meandered through the trees, and into the open area, it became clear that they were not the first ones to have found it. Debris littered the ground: scraps of cloth and ripped clothing, overturned cooking pots, and broken iron tools. Off to one side, tree branches had been lashed together to form a small protective roof and blankets lay below it, covering padding full of straw. A cooking fire had just recently been put out. Robin turned to Marion. \"The village boys?\" \"Looks like it. I wonder where they've gone.\" \"Not very far, I'd wager.\" He climbed down off his horse, walking around the clearing. \"That fire's still warm.\" \"Should we leave, Robin?\" Alan piped in. \"Try to find them?\" Robin swiveled his head around, peering deep into the darkness beyond the trees. \"I think they might be watching us.\" He walked over to where John and Alan stood, the doe still hanging between them. Cutting the ropes that bound it to the staff, he took the animal in his arms, and carried it to the center of the clearing. \"Young men of Sherwood,\" he cried, \"We mean you no harm. We wish only to sit at your fire, and enjoy your hospitality. We have brought you this tribute. This is the honor we pay to you.\" Slowly, he laid the doe upon the ground, and stepped back. The forest was silent. Marion suddenly heard the sound of many footsteps, of whispering. From the spaces between the trees, dozens of boys stepped out, forming a ring around the travelers. \"And who are you, to offer us this gift?\" A voice rang from the far side of the clearing, from a figure still shrouded in darkness. \"I am Robin Longstride, these are my men-at-arms, and, of course, Lady Marion Loxley. I must give you fair warning: we are outlaws from the king's justice.\" \"Lady Marion we well know. But the rest of you are strangers here. Why should we owe you our hospitality? Especially to an outlaw.\" As he spoke, he moved closer into the clearing, and Marion could see that he was older than the other boys, but not yet a full-grown man. Perhaps sixteen or seventeen, she thought. \"It is the ancient right of travelers to request a fire and a place to rest their heads. It lies within your generosity to grant it.\" The young man stepped out of the treeline and into the moonlight. Marion could see he was eyeing the doe. She looked at the younger boys. They were bony and gaunt, as if they hadn't eaten well in weeks. She could sense their hunger, and so could their leader. If he didn't give in, she thought, they might very well revolt. \"Very well, Longstride. We welcome you to our camp. But know this: you are here under my permission. Do not think to make yourself master here.\" \"I harbor no such intentions. We only wish to eat and rest.\" Robin walked slowly over to the young man, his arms open, palms facing upward. \"To whom do I have the honor of making my request?\" The young man stood, unmoving, his face without expression. \"The ones under my charge, whom I feed and protect within these woods, call me King David.\" Robin gave a half-smile. \"One would think you'd have quite enough of kings in these parts.\" The young man was not amused. \"I am their protector, their leader. Is it not fitting I should be their king?\" \"Of course. I meant no disrespect.\" Robin looked around him. Everyone had been eyeing the conversation, trying to gauge where the wind might blow. \"Please excuse me, my lord, as we set up our camp. Some of my men-at-arms will help you dress and cook the deer, and I hope you enjoy it along with our gratitude.\" Robin walked back to his party, leading them to an empty area at the edge of the clearing. \"What do you make of that, Robin?\" asked Will, his voice lowered. \"Boys, playing at being men,\" he replied. \"We should watch out for the older one. He could be trouble.\" \"So speaks the outlaw,\" chimed Marion. Robin turned to her as he began to unlace one of the packs. \"You should be even more watchful. Didn't you say that an older boy led the raid on your grain house last winter?\" \"Yes, but I couldn't be sure it's him. He was wearing a mask.\" \"Even so, keep your distance.\" He looked over to the center of the clearing, where the boys were beginning to circle around the doe. \"John and Will, can you get started on the deer? I wouldn't want our young king getting impatient.\" After the bags had been unpacked and the horses unsaddled, they began to make camp. Alan and the friar then took the horses into the forest to graze, and Marion and Robin were left alone to start the fire. He looked troubled, she thought, as she watched him feed greenwood into the sputtering flames. Leadership did not fall as easily on him as he pretended. She knew that he had taken on the responsibility of all of them, herself included, and it weighed on him. She wished she could take some of that burden from him, but she knew just as equally that he would never give it up. He caught her staring at him, from across the fire, and he sighed. \"I'm sorry, Marion.\" \"For what?\" \"You shouldn't have to live like this. You should be back in your home, with your feather mattress, with your hearth fire.\" She smiled gently. \"This is my home now. You are my home.\" She walked over to him, and wrapped her arms around his neck. Dropping the greenwood, he held her close, until she felt warm and protected. \"And perhaps we can work on getting a feather mattress,\" she whispered.[Chapter 3] Robin had woken early, with the sunrise. Everyone else was still fast asleep, drowsy from the night's wealth of venison and wine, and he didn't have the heart to rouse them from their dreams. Marion, however, was gone. Hopefully not too far, he thought. He gazed at her wool blanket, lying parallel next to his own. At some point in the night she had moved closer to him, clearly half-asleep, and he had drawn her into his arms and held her until her breath became even and shallow, and her tired muscles relaxed. He had difficulty sleeping after that. It wasn't that he didn't want her. For all the saints in heaven, he did. The air caught in his throat whenever he glimpsed the narrow, pale nape of her neck, when his hand turned from the curve of her waist to the small of her back. But he didn't want to press her. She wasn't like other women he had known, not that he had known quite so many in his life. It was clear that she was used to men treating her a certain way, and as much as he tried, he often felt crude and boorish when he was around her. There was a very large part of him that simply could not fathom why she had chosen him, why she abandoned her world – one of comfort, and familiarity – for a life in the vast unknown, with a man she barely knew. He wanted to understand, though. He wanted to earn her trust. He would have to wait. As he walked through their camp, and into the forest beyond, his mind turned to the immensity of the task now before them. Fall was coming; winter soon after that. They needed shelter, some sort of permanent camp, and from the look of the village boys as they had greedily devoured the meat he had provided, there needed to be a more steady source of food. He began envisioning temporary wooden huts, followed by thatched cottages, with enclosures for the horses and any other animals they might need. Someone – perhaps Tuck – could set up a clandestine trading system with Nottingham: wild pig and honey liquor for milled grain and iron tools. He became so engrossed in the complex systems of his own devising, while simultaneously selecting proper trees for felling as he passed them, that he did not even notice the stream until he was almost upon it. It was not so very wide, just a few paces, but it was clear and brisk, and on its edge, sitting on a wide, flat rock and wearing nothing but her shift, was Marion. He stopped, still with shock and delight, and watched as she untied the laces at the neck and let the shift fall down to her waist. Her burnished auburn hair fell like waves upon her ivory back. He had never seen anything quite so lovely. She leaned to scoop up water out of the rippling stream, and as she washed, she began to sing. It wasn't very loud – he couldn't make out the words – but he stood, enchanted, unable to move, almost unable to breathe. He felt like an ancient knight of legend, coming across a bathing maiden at a deserted forest spring. Would she ask him to perform a courageous act of valor and chivalry? Or was she like the creatures in the stories he had heard in his travels, tales of women who sing of desire and glory to innocent sailors and lure them to their doom upon the rocky shoals? Did it matter? He ached to touch her pale skin, her face, her lips, to run his fingers through her long, dark hair and fan it out across his palm. Barring that, he would be content to watch her, even if she sat until Judgment Day at the edge of the water. Soon enough, though, she had finished her task and began to dress. The heady mixture of longing and awe that had overtaken him began to dissipate. He didn't dare let himself be seen – how could he even begin to explain himself to her? – and so stole away silently under the luminous morning sun. But there was no escape from the tangled knot of his heart. As much as he was utterly captivated by her – and not just by her beauty and form, but by her strength and good humor – he was afraid for her, and for himself as well. This was not a life for a lady. She had never known true hunger or poverty, a life lived on the margins of the world. She didn't realize what she had bargained for, and once she did, he concluded, she would leave him. He was surprised by how much the thought physically pained him. Perhaps this was love. When he returned to the camp, Alan and Will were already up and attempting to rekindle the fire. \"Off for a little privacy, eh?\" asked Will, eyebrows raised. \"Shut up, Will.\" He was in no mood for this. \"A lovers' spat, then?\" Robin sighed, and then rubbed his face in frustration. This was no time to be sullen, he thought. There's work to be done.[Chapter 4] The hunters moved carefully through the rowan trees, arrows nocked securely into place, their faces strained and watchful. They had been stalking their prey for the better part of the morning and were not keen to lose its trail in the dense hawthorn brush. With two fingers, Robin motioned silently to Will to circle round to his left. Alan would take the right, and together they would encircle the boar that remained, at the present, rooting in the earth twenty paces from them. There was always a danger it might charge – especially risky if it was a tusked male – but they had hunted boar together as a team many times before, from Syria to France, and he felt confident in their abilities. It would make a fine prize to take back to camp, and would feed them all for quite some time. It would also help to ease the tension that had surfaced between the two camps as their settlement had begun to take form. Robin had decided that it would be best to start building some distance from the village boys, so as to avoid any conflict with their imperious leader, but many of them sought out the outlaws' camp nevertheless, looking to be fed or hoping to stave off boredom. He would offer to share the boar with the boys' camp, as a token of goodwill, but he also hoped this would stop them from trickling into his own if they happened to smell the roast of the fire. All that remained, then, was to snare it. They moved in tandem across the forest floor, their senses heightened and alert. Alan and Will, each taking a flank, moved silently in a diagonal, cutting off any chance of the animal's escape. Robin, as the rearguard, would follow, and on his signal they would let loose and fire. He stepped lightly, knocking aside some stray foliage with his foot. The boar suddenly looked up, sensing a foreign presence. It sniffed the air expectantly. Robin nodded quickly at Alan and Will. They had to strike now, before it had the chance to flee. In chorus, two arrows sang through the air, burying themselves in the boar's ribs and belly. It squealed, darting towards the open space between Will and Robin. As Robin turned towards it, aiming his arrow at its throat, the boar swerved towards him, now on the attack. His arrow was loosed and found home, as did another pair from Alan and Will, and the boar slowed, but not enough. Spittled with fury, its final, bloody act was to drive its lower tusks into his thigh, before it finally fell to earth. He roared in pain, grasping the wound as blood seeped around his fingers. Alan caught him before he fully collapsed. As Alan laid him down upon the ground, Robin watched him yell out to Will for help, but the sounds were strangely hushed. All he could really hear was the pounding of his own heart, erratic and staccato, throbbing in his ears. He looked up to see Will ripping some fabric from his tunic and leaning down to tie it above his wound. The world went dark and then disappeared completely. o o o o o o o o o o He awoke covered in a sheen of sweat, his mind still hazy with the chaos and confusion of fever dreams. He blinked, his eyes still adjusting to the light, although it appeared that he was indoors. This seemed strange to him, as there was no indoor space for miles. Where was he? He made an abortive effort to try to raise his head and then groaned. \"Praise the saints, you're finally awake.\" His eyes drifted over to where Marion sat beside him. \"Hhhh…\" He swallowed, his mouth dry and thick. \"How long have I been asleep?\" She leaned over him, a cool, damp cloth in her hands, laying it gently on his forehead. \"A very long six days.\" \"Six days.\" He paused, considering it. \"And where are we?\" \"After they brought you back, Alan and Will were sick with worry. John too, once he saw the state you were in. I told them to work on the cottage to take their minds off it. They finished it yesterday.\" \"They finished it?\" He looked around him, closely this time. Along the walls, the joints in each spar had been carefully chiseled out, the timber stacked straight and even, and cemented with clay and straw mortar. Above him, the ceiling was graced by a thatched roof, a smoke hole built into one corner. \"It's sound. I must have been in a bad way.\" Her eyes went dark, the broad planes of her face hardening. \"There were moments.\" She laid her hands on his cheeks. \"You're still fevered. I'm going to bring you something to cool you down.\" She rose, but before she got to the door, she turned back to look at him. \"Don't ever do that to me again,\" she whispered. As she walked outside, into the harsh sunlight, he began to consider all they had accomplished. He had imagined that it might take a few weeks to finish building. He never thought they could finish it so quickly, especially without him. He had to admit, it was rather impressive. He made a decision to try to move, beginning with his arms. Weakly bringing himself up on one elbow, he looked down at his leg, which had slowly begun to burn. A red angry line the width of his palm ran down the front of his thigh, the two sides stitched together with white linen thread. His eyes widened and he swallowed. He lay back down again. \"Finally up?\" He looked over to see Alan's outline perched in the doorframe. \"Up at last,\" he replied. \"Nice to hear you all were so busy while I was indisposed.\" \"Gave us something to do, at least. We didn't like sitting around and waiting.\" Alan took the seat beside him. \"You could have kept Marion company, at least. I'm sure she would have appreciated someone staying with her while she kept watch.\" \"Kept watch? Your lassie was busier than a fish peddler in Lent. I don't think I saw her sit down, except to fall asleep from exhaustion.\" \"What?\" \"She kept going out to gather herbs, to put on your leg, and the boys she sent to trap rabbits and forage for fruit.\" He pointed at the gash on Robin's thigh. \"She was the one that sewed that up. Just took an embroidery needle out of her pack and went straight to work.\" Alan leaned closer, his voice lowered. \"To tell you truly, Robin, she scared me a bit. If something had happened to you, I'm not sure what she would have done.\" \"I'm glad it didn't come to that, Alan.\" \"You know, you're a lucky bastard, to have a woman like that. I think she would follow you to the ends of the earth.\" He paused, slapping his hands against his thighs. \"Well, off I go. Don't want to tire you out too much.\" Robin laid his head down and closed his eyes. He heard Alan's departing footsteps, as well as another set entering, but his head felt so heavy, and he succumbed to the weighty pull of sleep. o o o o o o o o o o That night, once he had woken again, they carried him to the camp's central fire. They ate their fill of rabbit and wild apples and listened as Alan strummed a courtly tune on his lute. As the music played, he looked at her, sitting beside him, the fire lighting up her face. She really was beautiful, he thought. There was a grace and nobility in the way she carried herself, something that was just a part of her, that couldn't be taught. He saw her strength, her iron spirit, and her sweetness and her joy. How could he have turned himself inside out with worry over her? Immediately, he knew the answer. She smiled at him, and he leaned over to her, so close his lips brushed her cheek. \"Marry me. Please.\"[Chapter 5] As she walked through the trees, she kept the words close to her heart, like a secret. Savoring the cadence, she said them over and over to herself. Marion Marion marry me please. After he had asked her, she hadn't replied. Only later had she told him she needed time to think on it. He looked hurt, but didn't press her. He must have imagined that I would succumb and fall into his arms, she thought. But God made me of a different kind than that. She didn't want to say no. She just didn't want to say yes quite yet. She wanted the luxury of a little time. It would be strange to have a husband. For so many years, she had been a wife without one. A wife in name, not in practice. She had no idea what to expect. She had been well prepared, the first time, by a mother who knew the ways of husbands. What they thought, what they disliked, what they wanted, what they didn't yet know they wanted. She learned how to spin and sew, how to manage servants and make conversation. There was a particularly unpleasant, though thankfully brief, discussion about how often she should lay back and open her legs – as often as he liked – and what she should do once he was done – apparently nothing. This bounty of knowledge had not done her mother any good, however. Her father, though poor, was proud and cruel, and took great pleasure in ignoring his wife and spoiling his dogs. He did not speak a word to Marion until she was fifteen, and then only to ask when she was going to finally grow some breasts. She cried for two days. By the time she was betrothed to Robert, her father had been dead for several years, but she was so overjoyed with the idea of leaving her house, of finally escaping his memory, that she agreed to move even before the wedding took place. But when she finally arrived at the manor house at Pepperharrow, she was terrified of what was to come. It didn't help to learn – from the servants of course, as her mother would have never told her – that Robert had been married before, to a sweet, blond slip of a girl, who died at seventeen in a riding accident. Marion felt old and awkward. She thought about going home. The only thing that stopped her was Robert. He had a smile for her each morning and an easy tranquility about him that she liked. She grew to appreciate the quietness that enveloped him. Soon they were married. And soon he was gone, the king's summons having called him to London. They had a few short days together, as man and wife, spent mostly in their bedchamber, though in the end, months later, she had little to show for it. She never saw him again. It always pleased her to recall those few married days. She often thought that she had dreamed them, so different they were from the months and years that followed. Now she would have to learn again what it was to be a wife. This time not at her mother's knee or in a fleeting memory of laughter and bed sheets, but with a man who was flesh and bone, who looked at her with worry and hope and love. She smiled at the thought. The camp was dark as she made her way back to the cottage. They had all gone to sleep: Will, Alan, and John snoring on the floor, Robin lying on his side on the platform bed in the corner, his injured leg sticking out at an angle. Impulsively, she climbed into the bed, lifting up the wool blanket that covered him and pulling it over herself. She wrapped her arms around him, her body touching his, and began to gently kiss the back of his neck. With a muffled sigh, he turned towards her in his sleep, resting his head on her chest. She watched his head rise and fall with her breath. \"You've been gone a long time,\" he said, his voice thick. \"I've been thinking.\" \"What about?\" \"Where I'm going to find a proper dress to be married in. Everything here is covered in dirt, or blood, or has a hole in it.\" He laughed gently. His arms tightened around her waist. \"We'll find you a dress.\" \"Alright. But something pretty. Maybe in blue. It's my best color.\" \"It is that, Marion. You'll be radiant.\" In the darkness, their hands met. Two sets of fingers, rough and callused, pale and strong, wrapped around each other, refusing to be parted.[Chapter 6] For all of you who've stuck with me so far, thanks! I appreciate all your feedback. Anyway, as this story is labeled Adventure/Romance, I thought we might up the Adventure quotient a little more this go round. After all, what's a Robin Hood story without some Robin Hood-y parts? He couldn't help looking at her. She sat hunched, in the shade of a birch tree, wearing a look of deep concentration as she stitched back together a tear Will had made in his best shirt. He was supposed to be working on the enclosure fence, but he was finding it uncommonly difficult to focus on the task at hand. Even John had complained when Robin's axe, which ideally would have been aimed at the center of the tree branch, came within a hand's-breadth of his own ear. What of it? he thought. Why should I not be able to look at the woman who has agreed to marry me? The fact that she had said yes was both glorious and terrifying. Above all, though, he was filled with a desire to do things right by her: he would find her a proper church – and a proper dress – to be married in, as she well deserved. He was waiting to hear from Tuck about the first part, and as for the second, he had some ideas in mind. Laying the axe down, he looked over at her again. She had risen, her hand shading over her eyes as she looked off into the distance, to the edge of their camp. He followed her line of sight. Visitors were approaching. He recognized the silhouette of Tuck in the dappled light, but he couldn't identify the man and woman who accompanied him. A clutch of panic shot through him: the friar was the only one who was supposed to know how to find them. Why had he brought anyone here? \"Thomas? Is that you?\" She had dropped the shirt and rushed over to where the newcomers were approaching. Now Robin recognized the man: he was one of the house servants from Pepperharrow. Concerned, he walked over to where the group was forming. \"What's this, Tuck?\" \"Master Robin, you'll remember Thomas. And Maggie, of course.\" Robin nodded. \"You'll want to hear his story,\" Tuck continued. \"Especially you, Lady Marion.\" Their eyes turned to where Thomas stood, his feet shuffling in the dirt, now seemingly discomfited about being the center of so much attention. \"Well, it's like this, milady. A fortnight ago, we get the news that the king has given the estate straight to the Sheriff, title and all. He's to be the king's man in these parts, they say.\" He paused, kneading his lined brow. \"Go on, Thomas,\" she said. \"I serve the lord of Pepperharrow, like my father before me, and his father before him. Your ladyship knows how much I cared about Sir Walter, but if the king says the Sheriff is the new lord, then he is, and I will serve him, too. \"But once the Sheriff comes, he says he's no need of us, now the harvest is done. He's got his own men who can run the manor.\" \"He put you all out?\" \"That he did. Not just us from the house, either. All the ones who worked Sir Walter's land, they've all been pushed off.\" He sighed. \"I've lived at Pepperharrow all my life. I've no kin elsewhere, not like most of the others. It was just me and Maggie left at the end.\" He motioned at the young woman standing to his right. \"We thought we might be able to find you, and ask you what to do.\" She grasped his hands in hers. \"Well, of course, you both can stay here as long as you like. I can't speak for the accommodations, but we've plenty of food and good company.\" She began to take them towards the center of the camp. \"Let's get you something to drink. And then you can rest.\" Tuck held out a hand. \"Wait, there's more. Finish your story, Thomas.\" Thomas cleared his throat before continuing. \"The Sheriff and his men, they took all the harvest grain.\" \"Surely they left some seed, for next year?\" Marion asked. \"No, milady. They said traitors don't deserve to live off the king's bounty.\" \"Bastards!\" Robin put his hand on her arm. \"Marion, please.\" \"Well, that's what they are! Greedy, cruel little boys.\" He wanted to say something reassuring, to calm her down, but Tuck leaned over, motioning him aside. \"That grain is being milled and sold in Sheffield. And then the Sheriff's coffers go under lock and key back at the manor.\" Robin stood, considering this. \"But the money has to go back to Nottingham from Sheffield,\" he replied. \"That it does. Probably not much of an escort, though. Perhaps half a dozen men.\" \"Interesting.\" He paused. \"Out of curiosity, how did you manage to acquire this particular information?\" \"The Sheriff's second man, he talks when he's drunk. On all number of topics.\" \"He didn't happen to mention when they plan to leave, did he?\" \"He didn't have to. I watched them go this morning.\" \"It's too long a trip to make it back today,\" Robin mused. \"If they start mid-day tomorrow, they won't make it back until at least nightfall. It gives us just enough time.\" \"Time for what, pray tell?\" Robin opened his mouth to speak, but was interrupted. \"Wait. As a man of the cloth, I cannot countenance the intention of sin.\" Tuck grinned. \"Let us speak in the hypothetical.\"[Chapter 7] Being a soldier was much like being a hunter, Robin thought as he peered through the darkness. Endless waiting and boredom, followed by sharp moments of terror and rage. He pictured in his mind how the attack would go: each part had been carefully planned and considered, and now it only waited on the arrival of the convoy. His legs ached and he was tired of squatting in the underbrush. He looked over at Will, who yawned and then began to scratch himself. Robin closed his eyes and let his mind wander. The convoy would come soon enough, and he would need all of his energy to ensure they made it through the night alive. He thought back to their conversation. She hadn't wanted him to go. She couldn't understand why he would put himself – all of them – in harm's way. \"This is all due to me,\" he said to her, taking her hand as they sat together. \"I raised the ire of the Sheriff, and they're all being punished in my stead. I won't allow that to happen. They won't starve on account of my unwillingness to fight.\" But his words masked his fear. He didn't want to play at politics: he could see what meddling with the powerful had done for him so far. He had come to realize, since his return to England, that his wants were small. A piece of land, a wife, children to remember him. That's what made a man, not oversized ambition or political skill. But now the hornets' nest had been overturned, and he felt an overwhelming duty to protect those who were suffering on his behalf. \"At least let me come with you, then,\" she asked. \"I couldn't bear not knowing if something happened.\" \"No, Marion,\" he said with a shake of his head. \"It's difficult enough not thinking of you when you're not there. I couldn't keep my head clear if I thought you might be in danger.\" \"I can take care of myself.\" \"I said no,\" he replied, his voice rising. \"Can you not just stay here, for my sake, at least?\" He was surprised how quickly she had given in. At least one less thing to worry about, he thought, his eyes turning back to the rutted road along which the convoy should soon be approaching. Soon enough, he could hear the steady pace of horses' hooves. There was another sound, though, accompanying it. They all looked into the distance. \"Robin, that's an armored wagon!\" cried Will. \"You said there were only going to be riders.\" \"Who knew the Sheriff was going to be so protective of his ill-gotten wealth?\" he replied. He tried to concentrate. They needed to change their plan, quickly. \"You all remember what we did at Jaffa?\" \"Wait, the vizier's daughter?\" asked Alan. \"The one we were to capture and ransom?\" \"The very one. Remember how we got that convoy to stop?\" \"Robin, I don't see any palm trees in the vicinity.\" \"We can do one better.\" He looked behind them, into the shadows of the forest. \"John, Alan, grab those fallen logs. Get them set next to the road. Will, make sure that everything else is in place.\" As the convoy approached, Robin could feel his stomach start to tighten. He said a quick prayer, and drew his bow, an arrow at the ready. He counted his heartbeats, waiting for the moment. \"Now, Will!\" Will, crouched close to the road, pulled tightly on a set of ropes that had, up until this moment, lain unseen across it. From the other side of the road, attached firmly to the ropes, came half a dozen elderberry bushes, roots and all, moving quickly into the path of the oncoming horses. Spooked, they reared, one throwing its rider. The wagon came to a stop. \"Alan! John!\" he hissed. Like mirror images, the two men each shoved their logs into the road, John's before the front wheels of the wagon, Alan's behind the back ones. The horses leading the wagon, terrified at this intrusion, tried to run, but found that their burden refused to follow behind them. \"Gentlemen!\" cried Robin, walking out into the open, hooded and armed. \"That's a very heavy load you're carrying. It would be our pleasure to relieve you of some of it.\" \"This is the Sheriff's property,\" growled the thrown rider, getting onto his feet. \"And we're not giving it up for no whoreson come out of the forest. You can have it when we're dead.\" \"Not an ideal option,\" Robin replied. \"But under the circumstances…\" He fired his arrow into the rider's arm. Now that they had given up the element of surprise, they would have to rely on their fighting abilities. Nothing hardens a man like experience, and that they had, at least. He knew to watch for the moment when Alan's dagger, well hidden in his boot, would emerge, to the confusion of his adversary. When Will's blood was up he often responded with elbows to the face, followed by howls of anger in Welsh. Robin himself was more disciplined. Calm and careful, he told himself, when he raised his bow or threw a punch. He was ready, then, when the injured rider broke the arrow's shaft at the point of entry and began to lunge at him with his sword. His bow now held securely on his back, he drew out his own sword and advanced against his opponent. The rider was a good swordsman, even with an injured arm. Robin had to give him that. They parried back and forth across the road for what seemed like hours: the only sounds were the meeting of steel and their labored breaths. Robin began to feel his tiredness. The sword was not his natural weapon. Lowering his arm, to let it rest for a moment, he felt a sharp sting as his opponent's blade cut across the top of it. Surprised, he looked down at the wound, only to have the man kick him hard in the stomach. He slipped and tumbled to the ground, his sword landing beyond his grasp. His opponent's sword point was now aimed directly at his throat. He swallowed, considering the fact that these would be the final breaths he would be taking. He heard a thwack, and watched the sword point as it fell, from a place right around his eye level, down to the ground, landing with a clatter. His opponent now lay dying, his breath an empty rattle, an arrow now protruding from his chest. \"Couldn't keep your head clear, hmm?\" He looked behind him. Marion, dressed in one of the boys' clothes, stood with her bow raised, her face hooded in shadow. She held out her hand. He took it. He realized that he wasn't even surprised to see her. \"Not really, no.\" Once on his feet, he saw that the rest of the Sheriff's men had been subdued or injured. A few were lying on the ground unconscious. Robin came round to the back of the wagon. The doors were bolted together with a well-built iron lock. \"The first man who tells me where I can find the key to that lock will earn the right to live.\" One of the men, held firmly in place by the threat of John's quarterstaff, pointed at the dead man in the middle of the road. He sighed. Rummaging through a corpse was never a pleasant experience. Thankfully, the iron ring with its single key lay just on the dead man's belt, and it was not difficult to free. Soon enough, the lock was opened and the doors to the wagon thrown out wide. They simply stared for a moment. \"There must be close to five hundred gold pieces there…\" Will murmured. \"Probably more,\" replied Robin. \"Let's get it loaded up.\" Alan had brought the men's horses round, leading them to the back of the wagon. Methodically, they filled each saddlebag with money, until there was nothing left. Robin turned to their captives. \"In you go.\" \"You want us to get in there?\" one of them asked, pointing to the back of the wagon in disbelief. \"I do. Did I not promise you your life?\" The man gulped. \"This is how you'll keep it. Now get in.\" Fearfully, they obeyed, until they were all securely inside, and the doors swung close. The iron lock was put back in place, the key tossed into the underbrush beyond the road. \"What happens now, Robin?\" asked Will. \"We leave them. It's a busy road. Someone will find them soon enough.\" He spurred his horse forward. They made it back to the camp just as the sun was rising. Robin felt tired in every conceivable place in his body. He wanted to lie down and forget about the world for a time. He wanted to wrap his arms around her and take comfort in the fact that they were both alive. But there was some final business to attend to before he could get to that. He found the friar dozing against a tree, snoring loud enough to wake the dead. He dropped one of the saddlebags on the ground. The sound shook the friar from his sleep. \"That's for your alms collection.\" Now awake, the friar opened the bag, his eyes opening wider at quantity of gold. He smiled. \"Thank you, my son. I have a feeling Mass is going to be very popular this Sunday.\"[Chapter 8] In the days that followed, Marion could tell the raid on the convoy had done its damage. Word now was that the price on Robin's head had doubled. It was all for nothing, she knew. No one would turn him in, not now. But there were reprisals. Tuck continued to bring refugees from Nottingham, one or two at a time, into their haven. One man had been so badly beaten by the Sheriff's men that he could no longer walk. There was little they could do for him, beyond making him comfortable. One arrival in particular was making a stir within their group. Joanna, the miller's daughter, who had become so friendly with John during his brief stay in town, had come with her mother. Whether she had fled out of fear from the predations of the soldiers or if she simply wanted to see John again, Marion didn't know. He lit up when he saw her, though, and seemed to find excuses to visit with her, despite the fact that he turned red and tongue-tied on most of those occasions. At least something good had come of all this, she thought. Their numbers also increased as many of the village boys had found their camp to be a permanent home. She learned from a handful of them that their leader – in a petulant fury – had forbidden them from going near the outlaws' camp. A few obeyed, but many simply abandoned him. As some of the boys now reunited with their village kin, it began to feel like they were recreating the world they had lost, Nottingham before the arrival of seven years' hunger and hardship. She wished she felt more content. It should please her, she knew, to look upon full bellies and gladsome faces. But the memory of that night continued to gnaw at her heart. As she slept, her dreams were disturbed by depths of blood, and in the day, she found that she no longer had much of an appetite. To ease her soul, she knew she had to seek out the friar. The next time he visited, she managed to pull him aside. \"Father, I wonder if I might have a few moments of your time.\" \"Of course, Lady Marion. What is it you wish?\" \"I was hoping to make my confession,\" she replied. They managed to find a quiet place, far from the bustle of the camp. \"Bless me, Father, for I have sinned. It has been two months since my last confession.\" The silence weighed on her. \"I killed a man, Father. I did murder.\" \"And why did you do this?\" \"I did it to save the one I love from being killed.\" \"For no other reason? Not anger or hatred?\" \"No, Father. I didn't even know the man I killed. It's just that...I couldn't stand back and watch him die.\" Her voice caught, and she could feel her eyes begin to fill with tears. He took her hand. \"There have been many wise and learned men of the Church who have considered the nature of sin. They have debated whether the act itself constitutes the sin or if certain conditions have to hold in order for the sin to be real.\" \"I'm not sure I follow.\" \"The question comes down to the idea that it is the intent which makes the sin. Why one acts in the manner that one does.\" He paused. \"To take a life is a grave offense indeed, and if done out of greed or rage, it is truly a mortal sin. To do it in order to save, to do it out of love, is something different. Still an offense against God, but one that I'm sure He finds far more forgivable.\" \"Then I can be absolved?\" \"There will be a heavy penance, but yes. But even greater still will be the remembrance, in your heart, of what you've done. You should keep it there, for as long as you can.\" Enveloped in the quiet, she considered his words carefully. \"Is there anything else you wish to confess?\" \"Well,\" she began, blushing, \"I have on several occasions looked on a man with lust.\" The friar's eyes widened. \"I have agreed to marry him, though, so I can't imagine it would cause much offense.\" \"Even so, let's add that to the tally.\" After he absolved her, she felt physically lighter. Confession had not wiped away the memory, but it made it bearable. God understood why she had done what she had done. He had looked into her heart and found it untarnished. Back at the camp, she found him with Will and John as they supervised the building of a new cottage. He was kneeling on the ground, drawing plans into the dirt. She leaned down and kissed him softly on the top of his head. \"What's that for?\" \"Nothing,\" she replied, her face full of tenderness.[Chapter 9] The days were getting shorter and an autumn chill steeped in the air. The leaves on the trees had turned gold and crimson; in the right light, the forest looked to be aflame. Robin found her just as the sun was setting, the light casting a ruddy glow over her skin. She was scouring a cooking pot and didn't mind the interruption. \"Marion, I need you to get your traveling cloak.\" She looked up at him questioningly. \"Where are we going?\" she asked. \"I'll tell you on the way.\" \"But what about dinner? Maggie's been working on a stew all afternoon…\" \"We'll take something with us to eat. Just go get your cloak, alright?\" She knew better than to keep asking questions that he so clearly had little intention of answering. \"Fine. Do I need to saddle my horse?\" \"John's taking care of the horses.\" \"He is, is he? Does John know where we're going?\" His eyes narrowed in exasperation. He simply pointed towards the cottage, where he must have known her cloak was hanging upon the peg on the back of the door. The ride was not very long – Marion could see the moon peeking out from behind the fringe of the tree tops – and soon enough the five of them came to the edge of the forest and looked upon the small village just beyond its reach. \"What place is this?\" she asked. \"Edwinstowe,\" he replied. Slowly, they made their way to the outskirts of the village, trying to remain hidden in the inky shadows of the trees. They stopped outside a small building, lit from within. After they dismounted, Robin took the reins of their horses. \"I'm going to go tie them up,\" he said to her. He nodded his head in the direction of Alan, Will, and John before he stepped away. \"I think they have something for you.\" Will handed her a parcel, wrapped in rough linen. Unfolding it, she found herself staring at a gown of indigo, made of fine virgin wool. A geometric pattern embroidered in pale blue silk decorated the collar and the fashionably wide sleeves. Atop the dress was a wreath of interwoven oak leaves. She looked up at them, her eyes full of amazement and gratitude. They sheepishly grinned and stole away into the building. \"Wherever did they find this?\" she asked Robin, once he returned. \"When it comes to those three, I think it's better not to ask.\" \"So, a blue dress, hmm?\" \"It is a blue dress.\" \"And what's so special about Edwinstowe?\" \"Tuck knows the deacon here. In exchange for a barrel of mead, he agreed to leave the church empty for an hour, no questions asked.\" \"A dress and a church? With so many presents, it truly is a wedding.\" He smiled at her. \"Will you go get dressed? There's an empty shepherd's hut just up the path…\" As she pulled the gown over her head, she marveled at its softness. It must have come all the way from London, she speculated. How it ended up in the saddlebag of an outlawed ex-soldier living in the middle of a forest was another issue altogether. She found she couldn't stop herself from smiling. She wished, though, that he had told her to bring a comb along with her cloak: her hair was a mess of tangles. To hell with it, she thought, pulling it into a single braid, and placing the wreath on her head. The church itself was small, but filled with candles. It smelled of beeswax and the traces of incense. At the end of the aisle, in the apse, stood Robin, Will, Alan, and John, as well as the friar, who must have already been inside when they arrived. Robin had changed clothes as well: he wore a new tunic, of forest green, and a woven leather belt. She could see by the pinkness of his ears that he had been scrubbing them. \"Three bridesmaids?\" she asked, walking towards them. \"I didn't have that many at my first wedding.\" She linked her arm in his. \"You look beautiful,\" he whispered in her ear. Tuck began to recite the Latin words, but she wasn't really listening. She was looking at the brown flecks in his green eyes, at the hidden cleft in his chin where his beard was beginning to come in grey, at the shadows of musculature under the skin where his neck and shoulder met. \"I will,\" she said, when the friar asked. Robin presented her with a ring, silver with entwined knots. She looked down to realize she was still wearing Robert's gold band. With a pang in her heart, she took the new ring and placed it on her finger atop the old. \"He brought you to me,\" she said to him softly. \"It's good that I should remember him.\" He nodded briefly, and took her hand within his own. \"In nomine patris, fili, et spiritus sancti. Amen.\" The quiet filled the church like a soft sigh. He looked at her, his eyes full of faith and wonder, and moved his lips to hers. As they kissed, she felt her body singing: it held a clear, full note that vibrated through her. Her lips found his – gentle first, then fierce – and she knew he heard it too. He smiled at her, their foreheads touching. \"Let's go home,\" he murmured. Turning to go, she suddenly heard a discordant sound: the crash of glass and the crack of a heavy object hitting the stone floor. She first looked up at the shattered stained glass window and then down to where the flaming torch lay dangerously close to a wooden pew. Robin's hand went to his sword, the others' towards their bows. \"Longstride!\" a voice cried from outside the church. \"We know you're in there!\" They didn't answer, but she watched as his face spoke to the others without words, as only soldiers' can. \"We want Lady Marion,\" the voice continued. His expression turned puzzled; clearly this was not what he anticipated. \"You will send out Lady Marion, or we will burn this whole church to the ground with all of you in it.\" Alan had peered through one of the narrow windows. \"There must be close to fifty of them!\" he hissed. She watched him as his mind turned itself inside out, searching for a plan. \"We will not wait forever, Longstride!\" She squeezed his hand. \"I'll go.\" \"No, Marion!\" he cried. \"I'm not letting you leave.\" \"Think clearly, husband,\" she said, savoring the sound of the word. \"Those are the Sheriff's men. They're going to take me back to Nottingham. I can find a way to escape – I know the place like an old friend. And what other choice have we? If you choose to fight, we'll all die.\" He looked at her, unconvinced. \"I'll see you soon,\" she said, kissing him softly. As she opened the door, she allowed herself to look back at him, just for a moment. Please, God, she asked, let me see his face once more. Outside, the night air was thick with smoke and the smell of unwashed men. \"Lady Marion, how nice for you to join us.\" The Sheriff's man was small and wiry, an old scar tracing the side of his face. He led her to a saddled horse. \"I'm not much for conversation. Can we just get on to wherever it is you're taking me?\" \"Of course, Lady. Whatever you wish.\" Her hands were bound to the saddle, but she was given no reins. One of the men would be leading her through the darkness. \"You'll remember your promise, though?\" she asked. \"They're not to be harmed.\" \"Did I promise that?\" he answered, grinning. On his signal, the door to the church was bolted. A dozen of the men threw their torches onto the thatched roof. She screamed and then she fainted.[Chapter 10] Clearly the new lord of Pepperharrow did not devote much of his attention to housekeeping. The rushes on the floor of Walter's old chamber should have been replaced weeks ago, while the tapestries – purchased, she knew, at great expense from the Low Countries – were full of dust and in need of a proper airing. This is what happens, she thought, when you dismiss all your servants and try to force soldiers to be stewards. Even a blind man was able keep a tighter rein on his staff. She had been given plenty of time to consider the shabby state of the manor house as she waited for the Sheriff to arrive. It was better, she knew, to plan her next move and, hopefully, her escape from Nottingham rather than think about what had happened back at the church. She wouldn't allow herself to think about them. It was too much to bear. She needed to focus on the present. The long ride had left her dirty and tired, but she would need her wits about her if she was to make it out of the house unscathed. Her mind wandered back to the savage creep of the flames as they had danced along the rooftop, the hiss and sputter as the fire ate into the thatch and the roof beams below. She squeezed her eyes to stop the memory and took a deep breath. She tried to clear her mind. The first thing to do, she reasoned, would be to make herself more presentable. She untied her hair, letting it fall over her shoulders, and then pinched her cheeks to bring out some color. She loosened the top lacings of her gown just enough to look disheveled, but not slatternly. Finally, her new ring was deposited into the inside pocket of her gown. Would it be enough to work? It didn't matter: realistically, she knew there were no other options. The door opened with a heavy creak. \"Good evening, Marion.\" The Sheriff's voice was smooth and polished, as ever. \"That would be Lady Marion,\" she replied, as he entered the room. He had brought a guard with him. Damn, she thought. This is going to be trickier. \"Still so high and mighty? For an outlaw's whore, you certainly do think much of yourself.\" \"How dare you!\" she answered in a fury. \"I've been a captive all this time, you imbecile!\" He took the seat next to hers and began to pour himself some wine. \"A captive? That's not what I've heard.\" \"And from whom have you heard this? Tell me, so I can rip out their lying tongues!\" \"Such rage!\" He laughed. \"Can you play innocent with what my men saw tonight? You, consorting, of your own free will, with those outlaws in a church!\" \"They brought me there with them. I'm too valuable to be left back in the forest. And if I was truly 'consorting,' as you say, how was I released so easily? Surely I would have fought to stay if I had wanted to.\" \"Enough lies! You begged my captain not to hurt them.\" \"They might be barbarians, but they're not animals. No one deserves to die like that.\" \"Well, they're dead now, for all your protestations.\" She felt her heart skip with his words. Don't fail now, she thought, and steeled herself. \"If that saves me from having to go back to that flea pit of a camp, so be it. I haven't had a decent bath in ages.\" She let that image settle itself in his mind as she leaned over to pour herself some wine. She could feel his eyes resting on the whiteness of her skin above the lacings of her gown. \"Let us toast, then: to my freedom. And to your success at ridding the county of outlaws.\" \"To your freedom, Marion.\" He raised his flagon of wine and then drank. \"We should consider, though, how dearly that freedom has cost you.\" \"What cost?\" \"Being taken by force into the woods, as you say. Being held captive by outlaws. Being forced to do God knows what. How much better it would be if you were under some kind of protection, where you would be safe from outlaws and all their kind.\" \"And where would I find such protection?\" \"Under my own roof, of course. I think it's best for everyone while you remain such an object of desire for such, how shall I put it, undesirable elements.\" As he leaned towards her, she could smell the wine on his breath. She stood up, stretching, and began to pace the length of the chamber. He took another drink. \"Do you wonder why it is, Sheriff, that the people of Nottingham deserted you for the outlaws?\" He sighed. \"It's not my fault I had to punish them for protecting him.\" \"Yes, but why did they follow him in the first place?\" \"Why did you pretend he was your husband?\" She moved closer to him, perching on the table next to his chair. \"I did as I was told. It was Walter's plan, after all. But you should consider the question: what was it about him that they loved? Why did not one of them betray his location?\" \"I don't know,\" he answered petulantly. \"I take it you have a theory?\" \"I do,\" she replied, her voice like honey. \"You made him into a hero, you see. With every punishment, you drove them deeper into his arms. With every attack on you, his legend grew. They came into the camp telling stories of Robin Hood and his merry band of outlaws. And you became the tyrant.\" \"All I did was keep law and order.\" \"It's all a matter of perception, isn't it?\" She walked behind his chair, letting her hand trace along his shoulders. \"And now he's gone. How will you win them back?\" \"Are you suggesting I let them return to Nottingham, without punishment?\" \"You need to breathe life back into this place. It can't be done with the threat of the gallows.\" She paused, letting him think. \"You'll need help,\" she continued. His eyes flickered up to hers. He caught her wrist. \"Are you offering?\" \"I ran this manor for years without a husband. I would say I know a thing or two about how to inspire loyalty.\" \"I agree.\" He began to run his thumb along the inside of her wrist. \"Together we can bring prosperity to Nottingham. We can make you beloved by the people.\" She could feel his heart racing. She could also tell that the effect of the wine was beginning to take hold. Was this the moment? she thought. Abruptly, he pulled her into his lap and pressed his mouth to hers. It was difficult not to put all her effort into fighting him off. But she knew she couldn't seem to be giving in easily. He would suspect if she didn't protest a little. He stopped for a moment to turn his face towards the guard. \"Get out!\" As the guard closed the door behind him, her heart sang. She had done it. She extricated herself from his lap, moving towards the bed. She sat down, and leaned back upon an elbow. \"Are you not going to offer me more wine, my lord?\" He moved towards her, hungrily, holding the half-filled pewter flagon. He handed it to her and watched her drink. As she brought it down from her lips, he leaned over her, covering her body with his. He began to nuzzle at her neck. With a steady arm she brought the heavy flagon down upon his head. As if the spirit had gone out of him, he collapsed on top of her. She shoved him down onto the stone floor. With a deep breath, she considered her situation. She had a quarter of an hour, at best, before he woke, and the only door was being watched by a man who, for all she knew, was perched listening at the keyhole. The only way out was from the windows. She opened them up, bracing herself against the chilly night air. It was a lengthy drop to the courtyard below: without a ladder she would certainly injure herself. But there was a shallow ledge that led across the side of the house to the windows of her old chamber. Climbing out, she kept her back flush to the wall and began to inch her way forward. It was agonizingly slow. For one clenching moment, her foot slipped and she pitched slightly forward. She threw herself against the wall, hoping to find her footing. As she balanced herself, she said a silent prayer. The windows to her chamber, thankfully, were not difficult to push open. Now safely inside, she could see that this room had been even more neglected than Walter's. Dirt and mouse droppings covered the floor. A stale smell pervaded the space. Crossing the room, she looked down at the space before the hearth. A pillow and wool blanket had been kicked into the nearby corner. She smiled at the memory of his form laid out across her hearthstones, the sounds of him turning in his sleep. Enough, she thought. You can't afford to linger. She tried to muffle the sound as she descended the wooden staircase, as there might still be men in the hall. It was empty, though, save for a single sleeping hound. She stepped lightly across the length of the floor, but it woke, raising its head and turning its ears towards her. Her goal, the door to the stables that stood hidden behind the floor-length tapestries, seemed miles away. She moved slowly, her steps silent, the hound's eyes continuing to follow her. It began to growl. There really was no other option, then: she ran. It jumped up and skittered along the floor, its claws snapping against the stones. She dove towards the tapestry, pushing it aside, and then grasped along the wall for the iron ring of the door. As the door swung open, she could feel the animal's breath on her legs. She gave a hard kick. It responded with a whimper. Feeling her way through the darkness, she shoved the door closed behind her. Stopping for a moment to calm herself, she reflected on her next move. The stable door led directly to the inner courtyard of the manor house. The surrounding walls, however, were twice the height of a man and the gates would be well guarded. She would need to create a diversion to lead the soldiers away from the gates. Once through the stables, she furtively moved into the shadowed edges of the courtyard and began to mull over the possible diversions she might employ. A hand grasped her around the waist. Another tightened over her mouth. \"Not a word, Marion. Not if you want to live.\" She breathed in a familiar scent of earth and sweat, layered over with beeswax and a whiff of smoke. She relaxed into his embrace. Thank you, Lord, she thought. You kept your promise.[Chapter 11] She could feel his heart beating against her back, echoing the rhythm of her own. They stood, silent as stones, underneath the shadowed recesses of the overhanging eave, holding their breaths as an armed guard with a lantern passed but a few paces in front of them. The guard surveyed the courtyard and, finding nothing amiss, continued on his way back into the warmth of the manor house. Behind her, Robin nodded his head in the direction of the eastern wall. \"Follow me,\" he whispered. Silently they stalked through the darkness, coming at last to the wall and, to Marion's surprise, the length of knotted rope that lay down it. This must have been how he got in, she thought. \"Go on,\" he prodded her. Grasping the rope firmly, she began to haul herself up the length of the wall. \"You there!\" cried a voice from the darkness. \"What do you think you're doing?\" Marion looked up to see one of the Sheriff's men – a young one, by the looks of him, gangly and smooth-cheeked – running up towards them, sword in hand. He pointed it directly at them. She could see his hand begin to tremble. \"You will identify yourselves,\" he said, adopting a firmer tone. \"You've caught yourself a fine trophy, boy.\" Robin smiled, turning his back to the guard in a gesture of nonchalance. His sword rang through the air as he pulled it from the scabbard. \"I am Robin of the Hood, at your service.\" He gave a courtly bow. \"Robin of the Hood?\" the guard replied, his voice quavering. \"You're supposed to be dead. Burnt to a cinder.\" \"Apparently, I can walk through fire,\" he answered, his voice holding an edge of menace. The guard gulped, unmoving. \"Come, we are your prisoners,\" Robin continued. \"You must take us into your custody.\" Robin turned the sword around in his hand, so that the hilt was now facing the guard, the blade pointed downward. The guard lowered his weapon, approaching his new captive. Without warning, Robin smashed the hilt of the sword directly into the guard's nose. He followed with a savage left hook. The guard spun in place and then dropped like so much dead weight. He turned back to face her. \"Come on, we don't have all night, Marion.\" Scaling the wall was easier said than done, especially in skirts, but soon they had landed safely on the other side and darted down the crest of the hill. Waiting in a wooded alcove were Alan and Will, each holding the lead of a spare horse. \"Took you long enough,\" jibed Will. \"Yes, well, this one here doesn't know how to stay in one place,\" Robin replied, turning towards Marion. \"She had me searching through that house for ages.\" \"And where would that have gotten me?\" she teased. \"Spending my wedding night with the Sheriff of Nottingham? Hardly proper company for a new wife.\" \"Speaking of the Sheriff, we need get out of here, quickly. It won't be long before they know what's happened.\" As they mounted the horses, she turned to him. \"Out of curiosity, how did you manage to get out of that church? You do have many talents, but I know that walking through fire isn't among them.\" They spurred their horses, heading into the wood. \"I was a little worried there for a moment,\" he answered. \"But then Tuck remembered that there was a crypt, with a door in one of the side chapels. It was just us and the moldering bones until the fire died down a bit.\" \"How unromantic!\" She smiled at him. \"To be honest, I might keep with the first story: it can't help but do wonders for your reputation.\" By the time they made it back to the forest camp, the pale reaches of dawn had lengthened along the horizon. Their horses were staggering, worn through from the long ride. Marion herself felt lightheaded: her thoughts lay scattered and her eyes were weighted as if from the pull of stones. She wanted her bed. After leaving her horse with one of the boys, she headed towards the main cottage. Robin put an arm out to stop her before she went in. \"I had forgotten until now,\" he said. \"Forgotten what?\" she replied, weary. \"I got you something.\" \"What?\" He nodded towards the door. \"Go on. Take a look.\" She peered inside. She waited a moment for her eyes to adjust to the darkness, but soon she could make out a pale outline on top of the sleeping platform. She moved closer: it was a solid mattress, wrapped in strong ivory linen. She pushed down on it with her hand. It gave just enough for her to know that it was filled with sheep's wool and feathers. She turned back to face him, as he stood in the doorframe. \"I'm not going to ask.\" \"You really shouldn't. Some things are better left unknown.\" She wrapped her arms around him, leaning her head against his shoulder. \"Thank you.\" \"You're welcome,\" he whispered. It felt good simply to stand there for a moment, propped up by his solidness. She loved the way that they fit together, like a well-made pair of joints. At that instant, she knew that despite everything – all the trials and the dangers she had faced since he turned up at her threshold – she wouldn't exchange a moment of all her time with him. Her life was made brighter simply by the fact that he was in it. \"Robin?\" \"Hmmm?\" \"Let's go to bed.\" They both collapsed onto the mattress, their arms still wrapped around each other. She turned her head and looked over at him, as his eyelids fought to stay open. \"Good night, husband.\" \"Good night, wife.\" Her own eyes closed and she sank into the beautiful oblivion. o o o o o o o o o o When she woke, the beams of light that earlier had streamed into the gaps within the woodwork were gone. The day had passed; it was now night. She could hear – faintly – the sound of revelries at the camp fire: Alan at his lute, then a drum, a female voice. There was cheering as a song ended and more as another began. Turning onto her side and stretching her legs, she jostled him, and his eyes fluttered open and broke through the haze of sleep. He gazed at her, disconcerted at first, but then with such a look of tenderness that she thought her heart would break. He leaned over to kiss her softly on the corner of her mouth. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she kissed him back. She was playful, teasing, but soon he began to press her firmly to him and she answered with a similar intensity. His hand moved to her thigh and in response she hooked it over his hip. He rolled over onto her, their hands now fumbling with his shirt, her lacings. She had thought quite a bit about this moment and had worried that she would feel anxious or unsure. But there was no awkwardness, no fear. There was only the solitary and overwhelming desire to be near him, to touch him, to feel him touch her. She smiled. It had been many years, but this she remembered well.[Chapter 12] The night lay still over them, the only sounds the whisper of winds through the trees and their own breathing. Robin let the feeling of quiet wash over him, like a stone worn round by the waves of the sea. Being a soldier for so long, living amongst thousands of men and beasts, he had yet to truly accustom himself to the emptiness of the forest's silence, to the secrets held within its deafening stillness. He held her, pale and smooth, in the crook of his arm, her head resting in the hollow between his arm and shoulder. Her fingers were tracing over the scar along his ribs, feeling the raised, reddened indentation that interrupted the expanse of his skin. \"How did you get this?\" \"It's a long story.\" She turned her head up to his. \"Do you not want to tell me?\" \"No, it's not that. It's only that it's a long story. And not a very interesting one.\" \"Tell me anyway.\" He sighed before beginning. \"On our way back from the Holy Land, the king was captured by a prince he had angered while on crusade.\" \"I remember that. Men came from London and took a third of our livestock to help pay the ransom.\" \"That ransom was a long time in coming. We waited over a year while the king was held prisoner. From what I've heard he spent his time writing a lot of bad French poetry.\" \"What did you all do?\" \"There wasn't much to do, besides forage for food, visit the local brothel, or get drunk.\" \"And which of these did you partake in?\" He smiled. \"Not to worry. The boys and I made a fair piece selling the game we caught, and they liked the tavern more than the brothel, anyway. It was cheaper. \"So one night we're in the tavern, losing all our day's earnings, feeling pretty miserable. It was coming up on winter, the first cold night of the season, and we just felt like we were never going to make it home. A bunch of soldiers came in, local ones, carrying on and howling to each other in German. \"None of us spoke two words of German, but the way we were feeling, it wouldn't have mattered where they were from. Will and Alan got in their faces, shoved them around a bit, until they started pushing back. One of them said something about the king – I just heard the name – and spit on the floor. Will punched him hard in the face and he fell to the ground. \"Well, that just made the rest of them angry. We all joined in, and soon enough, the whole tavern was brawling. It was crowded and dark, and I'd had a lot to drink, so I couldn't quite tell who I was fighting. I'd just grabbed someone around the neck when I felt this burn in my side. I touched it and my hand was covered in blood. \"I looked behind me, and I see Will fighting with the one he hit, both with daggers drawn. But it was Will's that had the blood on it.\" \"Wait, Will did this?\" \"He felt pretty awful about it later. We both knew it was an accident.\" \"Still, it must have taken months to heal properly.\" \"Just in time for the king's ransom to arrive, and we to be on our way. I have tried to avoid taverns since, though.\" She turned onto her stomach, propping herself up on her elbows. \"Are you glad you went? On the crusade?\" \"It's been my fortune in life to be a soldier. I've seen things I probably shouldn't have; I've done things I know I shouldn't have. But that's what soldiers do: they follow and obey, even if it means their own deaths. \"As for the crusade, the whole enterprise is folly. Little boys, squabbling over imaginary desert kingdoms, playing God with their armies, and caring not a whit for the money and the lives they lose as they do it. I hope the Saracens take it all back.\" \"But surely the Holy Land must be made safe, for Christian pilgrims.\" \"It will never be safe, not while men are men. Not until they learn that fire cannot be cured with fire.\" \"You make it sound so contemptible. You saw nothing there worth the visit?\" He paused, considering her question. \"I remember one night, soon after we had taken Acre. I sat on the seawall and watched the moon drift over the green depths of the ocean. It was so still, so beautiful, I could have sat there until the end of the world.\" \"But you came back.\" \"I did. And I found something I hadn't expected.\" \"What's that?\" He turned, cupping the side of her face with his hand. \"A miracle.\" She laughed. \"I'd hardly call it that. People get married every day.\" \"That's not what I meant. I've given up trying to understand why God put you in my path, why you even gave me a second's glance. All I know is that before you I was dead inside, numb to the world. Now…well, now I feel like a tree come to life after a long winter, green and tender.\" \"Green and tender,\" she repeated, whispering. She leaned over him, their faces nearly touching. \"You're not alone in that feeling.\" She kissed him, long and deep, until their breaths came short and the blood raced through their veins, their bodies covered only by the thick canopy of darkness. o o o o o o o o o o Alone in a deserted glade, not far from them, sat the deposed boy king, the new lord and master of nothing but the trees and stones. He tried to comprehend how it had come to this, how he had been abandoned, betrayed by those who had promised him their obedience. He knew who was to blame, however. The outlaws had come and ruined everything. They lured his boys away with lies and false promises. They were wolves snatching at his flock, one by one. If only the Sheriff had been able to catch them all, to destroy them inside the church. He had told them exactly where to be, and yet, like most adults, they were too simpleminded to actually finish what they had started. When the outlaws had returned, when they had begun to dance and sing, clearly making a mockery of him, he knew what he had to do. He ran the risk of destroying his own camp, once the Sheriff knew where they were, but it would be worth it to finally rid himself of the intruders. The boys would soon come back, tails between their legs, begging his forgiveness for what they had done. And he would smile.[Chapter 13] It had come to be mid-day by the time Robin and John put the finishing touches on the roof structure of the new cottage and began to lay the thatch down as covering. Robin let John take the lead in such matters: his parents had been crofters in the Lowlands and he had experience in building and the like. They worked, as men do, in quiet, passing tools between them with a minimum of conversation. Only once they had climbed down off the roof, taking a bit of mead to cool down, did John turn to him, as if he had been waiting for the right moment to speak. \"Can I ask ye something, Robin?\" \"What is it?\" he replied, leaning in the cool shade of the cottage. \"Well, ah…\" John stammered. \"Out with it, man.\" \"How did ye…well, how did ye know ye wanted to get married?\" Robin gave a half-suppressed laugh. \"I just knew, that's all.\" \"Aye, but…was there something about her?\" Robin sighed. He knew John was finding this just as uncomfortable as he was. As he opened his mouth to reply, he found that he couldn't fathom what to say. Was there something about her? Saints in heaven, Marion was a revelation. And not just in his bed, although that was the first thing that came into his mind. He caught flashes of her in his thoughts: her hands, strong and smooth, wrapped tight around a carving knife as she dressed a hare; her laugh, clear as a church bell on a spring morning; the look on her face when she came to tell him they had been ordered to share her chamber, outraged yet somehow slightly amused. He cleared his throat. \"Is this about Joanna?\" John turned away from him, his face turning red with embarrassment. \"I like her, Robin, I do. More than any other girl…woman…I've known. I just want to know if that means something.\" \"I think it means whatever you want it to mean.\" \"How's that?\" \"Not everything in life comes with a sign from God. If you can imagine being with her for the rest of your days, and in that imagining, it seems good and right, then you'll know what to do.\" John nodded in understanding. \"Thank ye.\" \"And John…\" \"Aye?\" \"Talk to her mother first. That always helps.\" \"Right.\" They stood for a while, both men lost in their thoughts. \"D'ye ever think about how we got here?\" \"I take it you don't mean 'on horses'?\" John pounded him lightly on the chest. \"No, it's just, there were so many things that had to happen. If we hadn't come across that ambush, if we hadn't all been put in the stocks, if I hadn't doubted that ye were an honest man with your game of luck.\" Robin paused, taking a breath. \"Right, John, there's something I've been meaning to tell you.\" \"Aye?\" He tried to say it quickly, so it would be over sooner. \"I always took out the pea before I started moving the cups around. Just never on the first time someone came to the table.\" \"And why's that?\" \"Even if they won, I could always get them to double their chances.\" John nodded. \"Good to know.\" Robin didn't even see the punch before it landed on his jaw. There was a ringing sound, a brilliant flash of pain, and then the world seemed to tilt as he hit the ground. \"Thanks for the advice, though,\" John said cheerily, whistling as he walked away.[Chapter 14] She was running. Crashing through the leaves, the brush. Nearly falling as her foot caught an exposed tree root. She was breathless, her lungs tight with need. Her ribs seized and stung. There was something following her, snatching through the darkness. She couldn't see it, didn't dare turn around. But it was close. She felt the warmth of its breath, its savage jaws. It seemed to pulse, red and hungry, in the night air. In a few short moments, it would be upon her. Time seemed to slow. Her feet faltered, her legs moved as if made of stone. She closed her eyes, and waited for the inevitable end. Gasping, she sat up, her eyes now searching through the dim fabric of the space. She felt overheated and damp; something in the room was glowing. She swung her legs over the side of the bed, feeling the solidness under her feet. Moving towards the door and the chilly early morning air beyond, she realized their indoor fire had been left burning. The door she left open slightly, in the hope that it might help cool the air inside. She got back into bed, taking a moment to look at him: his face was softened and relaxed as it only was when he was asleep. He looked younger, almost boyish. She noted the flowering bruise on his jaw, which had settled into a yellow-ringed purple stain. She nudged him with her foot. \"Mmmmm?\" \"Robin?\" \"Mmmmm?\" \"You did say you would properly bank the fire before we went to sleep…\" \"Mmmmm. I did say… I was going to… But then we started… I forgot.\" \"Lucky we didn't burn to death in our bed.\" He threw his arms around her, his eyes still shut tight. \"I would have saved you. Carried you from the raging flames.\" \"Not if you refuse to wake. Come, the sun's almost up.\" His eyes opened, fluttering with sleep, but his arms drew tighter around her. She threw him a look, one he was beginning to know well. \"What kind of wife are you, to refuse my marital embraces?\" he growled in mock outrage. \"A better one than you know, I think,\" she replied, kissing him. \"Undoubtedly.\" He grinned, finding a lovely spot to rest his lips, right between her earlobe and jawline. After a moment, however, his attentiveness was interrupted. He stopped, cocking his ear towards the open door. \"We did put all the horses up for the night, didn't we? I can't remember.\" \"I watched some of the boys do it, right before we went to bed.\" She looked at him with concern, though his thoughts were clearly elsewhere. \"What is it?\" Now she could hear something, but the sound was rough and unclear. He got to his feet and threw his shirt on, tossing her shift over to where she sat. \"Marion, I need you to get dressed. And then I need you to go into the forest, as far away from this camp as possible. Can you do that?\" \"Why?\" The moment she asked, she realized she didn't need an answer. Horses' hooves, dozens of them, were thundering somewhere nearby. She could even hear the metal scrapings of armor. Hastily putting on his boots and then his sword belt, he turned towards her. \"I know you never listen to a word I say, so could you at least do it for the women and children you're going to find and bring into the forest with you?\" He kissed her, roughly and all too briefly, and then he was gone. She could feel the panic begin to rise up in her chest, growing with the strength of the sounds of the army of men coming closer towards them. She pushed it away and gathered herself. Outside, the chaos was forming. Confused and sleepy faces poked out of doors while others milled around the central space, unsure of what to do or where to go. \"Men to arms!\" she could hear Robin bellow from the other side of the camp. \"Men to arms!\" \"Women and children with me!\" she echoed, her voice clear and high over the breaking daylight. It took several more cries before the groups had properly formed: the men hastily armed, now finding defensive positions around the camp; the women and children, some barely dressed, moving like a frightened herd into the safety of the trees. But the soldiers had come, stirring like metal insects through the tree line. They caught the tail end of the line of women, striking with their swords, not even glancing behind them as they rode on. One of the women fell, her hands raised high above her head as she went to earth, looking, or so it seemed to Marion, like a graceful dancer moving to unheard music. She heard a scream, off to her right, and saw that it came from Joanna. Quickly, the fallen woman was gathered up and brought further into the woods, now a relative place of safety. Marion could now see that it was Joanna's mother, as the girl went to her side, grasping her hand, trying to assess what was wrong. Blood welled from the woman's side, seeping into her clothes, and from the corner of her mouth. Her breath was ragged. There was little they could do. Marion put both her hands on the girl's shoulders as she shuddered with tears and screams. Hearing the tumult of combat back towards the camp, she raised her head. Her only thought was of him. She left the women behind and raced back to the melee, hoping to find a discarded weapon with which to arm herself. Quickly perching herself behind an overturned table, she surveyed the disorder before her. Many of the riders had dismounted, and now were in the process of fending off attackers, though the riders, she could see, were clearly better armed. Will and Alan were fighting back to back, making sure their opponents couldn't tell where to strike next. Finally, her eyes found him, watching as he took on three of the Sheriff's men, feeling the panic in her heart begin to solidify. And then, in an instant, it was over. One of the men had disarmed him, sending his sword flailing to the ground. But they didn't move to attack. His hands were held behind him – she saw him struggle in their grasp – but then they stood still, waiting. She didn't know what to do. He didn't seem to be in immediate danger – otherwise she would have gone to his aid, despite the risk to herself – but it seemed cowardly to simply wait, hidden and protected, to see what they might do to him. She had just made up her mind to move, when she felt a hand go around her wrist. \"Don't ye be doing anything foolish, Lady.\" It was John, crouched next to her, whose broad hand now easily encircled hers. \"But they have him prisoner…\" she quietly sputtered. \"Then rushing in is suicide, not a rescue. Let us wait and see what happens.\" One of the armored riders now approached the circle of men holding Robin. He removed his helmet, and Marion realized with an intake of breath that it was the Sheriff. He paced in front of Robin, not looking at him, not saying a word. \"Is it the manner of the Sheriff of Nottingham to have his men do his fighting for him?\" Robin asked scornfully. The Sheriff nodded his head towards one of the men, who struck Robin powerfully in the side. Robin bellowed in pain, but did not fall. \"I see that it is,\" he added, through gritted teeth. \"Quiet!\" the Sheriff hissed, finally acknowledging Robin. He sidled towards him and, with a gloved fist, hit him in the cheek. His head now hanging towards the ground, Robin looked up at the Sheriff, and began to laugh. \"You'll have to do better than that.\" Even from this distance, Marion could see the unbridled fury in the Sheriff's features. She heard the shriek of metal as he pulled his sword out into the open and her heartbeat seemed to slow when she realized what was about to happen. But the Sheriff did not point the blade at Robin. Instead he pointed it downwards, holding it by the grip, and struck Robin neatly across the top of the head with the pommel. Robin collapsed, now being held up only by the soldiers grasping his arms. \"Finally, some quiet,\" the Sheriff muttered. \"Get him tied up and ready to go, will you?\" He looked around him, at the camp buildings and structures they had spent so long constructing. \"Burn it all down.\" Marion saw a quick scampering out of the corner of her eye. She recognized the face and figure and the threadbare clothes of the young man who had been the leader of the village boys. It had been several months, though, and if it was possible, he looked even gaunter. He held a torch in his hand and Marion felt a chill sweep over her heart. It was as if he had simply been waiting for the order. The Sheriff's men were binding Robin, trying to get him atop a horse. They seemed little interested in the strange tableau that was being created before them. The young man – David, she corrected herself, remembering his name – began to sing, rather incomprehensibly. He pivoted upon each foot, creating a jerking dance that matched the rhythms of his song. And as he moved around the camp, he put each of the dwellings to the torch. It was his eyes, though, that caught her. Nothing could peer into them and equally nothing saw out. In them she recognized the haze of madness. The Sheriff's men were now leaving. Even the ones occupied with other opponents had simply gone back to their horses and departed with the others. The only one left in their midst was David, who was laughing to himself as the flames rose higher and higher into the morning sky. She heard a striking sound and watched as his face turned to incomprehension. He looked down at the arrow protruding from his chest. He smiled joyfully, like a child, and then fell to the ground. The torch sputtered impotently by his side. Will and Alan emerged from the far side of the camp. Will still had his bow out and Alan was grasping at a wound on his upper arm. \"I don't understand,\" she cried, emerging from her hiding spot. \"What were they doing?\" \"That was a raiding party, Marion,\" Will replied. \"Not an army. They didn't have orders to kill.\" \"So how are we going to get him back?\" Her voice broke with emotion. They were silent. \"We need to get to Nottingham before something happens!\" \"They're not going to Nottingham,\" answered Alan. \"And how do you know that? Do you read men's thoughts now, Alan A'Dale?\" He touched her arm, but she angrily shook him off. He sighed. \"If 'twere just for the Sheriff, he would have killed Robin here. But there must be something else, something bigger planned. My guess? They're taking him to London.\"[Chapter 15] He watched the crack in the wheel's spoke rotate around once, twice, three times, again and again, until it was all he could see in the world. From his viewpoint on the floor of the wagon, he counted its rotations from earth to sky and back to earth. He lost track somewhere past five thousand. Some time back he had taken a moment from counting to assess his injuries. Before locking him up in the back of the wagon, they had taken turns on him, not stopping even after he had fallen to the ground. His right eye had crusted over from the blood, his lower lip had been badly split, and from the feel of his chest when he took a breath, it was likely he had one or two broken ribs. There would undoubtedly be countless bruises later on, their tell-tale mark rising to the surface, dark and tender. His mouth burned with thirst. They had not given him anything to drink since the day before. He tried not to think about the future, where they were going, what would happen to him once they got there. But thoughts intruded, as they always do, circling through his mind like flies onto a dying animal. He thought of his father, of the look on his face before the blade descended. He saw the faces of his own victims, the lambs he had been ordered to slaughter, felt again the cold emptiness of the hell he had inhabited after he followed that order. He knew, though, that conjuring up the ghosts of his past would do him no good. So from the bricks of his memories he tried to create an edifice in which he could take shelter. The solace of friendship, the roar of the bonfire, the luxury of a full stomach. But for the keystone he chose carefully: it would have to serve him well. Soon he was there, deep within his mind, laughing with her, surrounded by the dark currents of the stream. They had gone there that night, their first as husband and wife, with only the sky's blanket of stars for company. They had bathed under the moonlight, seeing each other anew, without armor or defenses. Her hair was like a river in his hands, the skin of her thighs the color of fresh cream. They reveled in each other, touching and kissing as if they were the sole witnesses to the creation of the world. He had found it, and now his only wish was to dwell inside the memory forever, until the moment came when he would draw his last breath. He closed his eyes. Perhaps he slept. They had been on the move for days, stopping only at dusk, beginning again at daybreak. No one spoke to him. On the fourth day, he could feel his grasp on the world begin to slip, his mind no longer working in the methodical and precise way it had before. He began to wonder if he was actually dead. Travelling on this interminable march, was he in fact already in Hell? He tried to banish it all. He began to count again. Once, twice. Round and round. Over and over again.[Chapter 16] The streets were a cacophony of sound. Hawkers, merchants, pilgrims, beggars: all jostled around her, their cries and their smells assailing her senses and sending her thoughts into scattered confusion. She had yet to fully accustom herself to it all. Perhaps London itself was too much for her. She had not lived her whole life in the country – and Nottingham was a fairly large town – but she had never imagined so many people could live together in a place such as this. When they had arrived, looking down upon it from the northern rise, it had seemed almost monstrous, like an overgrown anthill, teeming with life and movement. At least she was unknown here; it made it easier on them all to know she was not likely to be recognized. For Alan, Will, and John, the danger was greater. The city was awash in old soldiers, many from Richard's campaigns, and she knew that wages were not so high that some of them could afford to turn their backs on the promise of a bounty, easy money for those with knowledge of an outlaw's location. They consequently restricted their movements to nighttime, and it was up to Marion to find them provisions during the daylight hours. That afternoon, she had managed to find a purveyor of meatpies whose wares seemed at least slightly edible, paying far too much in the process, and was making her way back through the crowded narrow streets to their inn. It was shabby and nondescript, excellent characteristics for people looking to stay unnoticed. Once inside, she headed towards the stairs, her arms aching from the weight of the pies and the jugs of beer she had purchased along the way. \"A message for you, ma'am!\" It was the elderly innkeeper, a kindly man with grey rheumy eyes. \"A message? From who?\" She put down her burden, rubbing her tired muscles. \"Didn't give his name. Simply said…\" He looked up, as if trying to remember the exact words. \"He said, 'Tell the lady she has a friend who might be able to help her. Come to the Sign of the Red Stag' – I know that place, ma'am, it's not but a short skip from here – 'the Sign of the Red Stag tonight after sunset.' Sounds very mysterious.\" \"Thank you.\" She handed him a silver penny. \"For your trouble.\" He beamed at her. \"You're welcome, ma'am.\" As she walked up the stairs, she began to consider the implications of the message. Someone – ally or enemy, she couldn't tell at this point – knew she was here and knew what she was trying to do. This was worrisome. It was only their third day in the city: how could anyone have found out their plans so quickly? Not that they even had solid plans, that is. At first, they had simply thought to rescue Robin on the road and had quickly caught up with the Sheriff's caravan on its way south. But there were too many men too well-armed, and their strategy blew away like smoke into the wind. They quietly followed the caravan after that, catching glimpses of Robin as the party plodded along, heedless of the slow pace. At that point, it was clear where they were headed – they were on the London road, Alan's guess having been proven sound – and it was decided that the better strategy lay in moving ahead of the caravan and waiting for its arrival, gathering more information where they could, and from there determining what they would do. Three days in London had given them nothing, though, and the Sheriff and his men, along with their prisoner, would be here within a day or two. They needed to formulate something, and quickly. The three men stood abruptly when she entered their room. She knew they were anxious and tired of being cooped up inside. Above all, they were probably hungry. \"Your supper, gentlemen.\" She laid out everything on the floor, as there was no table. They dug in, making short work of the pies. \"Thank ye kindly, Marion,\" said John, wiping his mouth with his sleeve. \"So did you all find out anything last night?\" she asked, once they had finished. \"We did manage to track down Harry,\" replied Will. \"And what did he say?\" \"Well, we were a bit worried he wouldn't remember us – the Lionheart's army was very big, after all – but straight away he claps hands on us like we're old friends. It didn't hurt that we were the ones keeping him full of drink. \"So we ask what he's been doing, since he returned, as if we didn't know already, and he tells us this story about how his cousin helped him find a place working at the Tower.\" \"And we're sure that's where they'll take him?\" \"That's where royal prisoners go, Marion. If we're right – and we've not been wrong yet – that's where the Sheriff will move him soon as they get here.\" \"Your friend, he's heard word of a new prisoner?\" \"He's heard nothing. Mind you, this was after many more cups of ale, so it was difficult to understand exactly what he was saying.\" \"Can you find out when he learns something?\" \"We'll see him again, later tonight.\" Will leaned back, putting his hands behind his head. \"Just a bunch of old soldiers, reminiscing over past campaigns.\" \"Speaking of tonight…\" She told them about the message, and her reservations about meeting the sender. \"It could be useful,\" said Alan. \"After all, we don't have many other options.\" John and Will nodded, though Marion's brow was knotted with worry. \"Let's take our weapons, though, to be safe,\" he added. Several hours later, once the day was gone, they threaded their way through the streets. Their eyes watched the shadows for signs of danger. They found the tavern easily, its swaying signboard decorated with a picture of the animal in question, though the red looked ominously blood-colored in the moonlight. Inside, it was fairly empty, with only a few customers, all of them seemingly more interested in their drinks or companions to notice their arrival. The tavern owner saw them, though. \"Ye'll be wantin' the back room, I reckon.\" He indicated the direction with his head. At the door, she stopped. She looked at all three of their faces: their features were tight with concern and determination. Each of them laid hands on his weapon in readiness. She stepped cautiously into the room. A man stood at the fireplace, absentmindedly poking at the coals with an iron. Even with his back to her, she could see he was dressed expensively: a fur-lined cloak, fine leather boots. It was not a look of ostentation, but of refinement and taste. \"My apologies for the secrecy, milady. But one can never be too careful these days.\" He turned towards her, her eyes taking in his hawk-like features and curling grey hair. \"First, however, let me introduce myself properly,\" he said, bowing courteously. \"My name is William Marshal.\"[Chapter 17] A quiet pervaded the room, poised to do battle with the billowing sense of unease already at hand. She lowered her head as courtesy demanded, yet her eyes never left him. \"My lord.\" Her veins felt like ice. \"Please, sit.\" He indicated a rough-hewn table and chairs, off to her right. She made no movement. \"Well then, let us at least invite your companions inside. Then we may continue this conversation in some degree of privacy.\" She motioned for the three men to come into the room. The jagged sound of wood against wood as the door shut made her flinch. \"You may be wondering why I sought you out,\" the Marshal began. \"Ye could say that,\" replied John, standing half-hidden by darkness. His hand remained on his short-sword. \"You should know that I mean you no harm,\" the Marshal answered, his voice taking on a tone of calm. \"And how would we know that? With all respect, my lord,\" said Marion. \"Clearly, I knew where you were. I could have had you all arrested the day you arrived, if I had so chosen.\" \"Perhaps you were waiting. Until you had some sort of advantage,\" she replied. He laughed quietly, as if to a private joke. \"Let us lay aside the question of my intent. The real question remains: will you trust me enough to accept my assistance?\" \"Would you, in our position? You're the king's closest counselor.\" He walked over to the table and took a seat in one of the nearest chairs. His face seemed to relax as he languidly stretched his legs in front of him. \"A man can have many loyalties. Some are older than others.\" \"Are you saying that you are no longer loyal to King John?\" \"What I am saying, milady, is that I often have to serve the king in ways he may not understand. Sometimes in ways he may not even approve.\" \"And this is why you'll help us? Simply to thwart the will of the king?\" cried Will. \"You misunderstand. I do it for his sake. And my own.\" He looked at Marion, his piercing green eyes loosening. \"And for an old friend, who died too soon.\" He stood, planting both palms on the table. \"Plainly put, will you take what I am offering?\" She gazed behind her at the three men: in their eyes, they were offering the responsibility to her, putting the decision fully into her hands. She looked over at the Marshal, at the heavy weight that seemed to crowd his shoulders, the jeweled rings on his fingers bespeaking his offices. In her heart, she heard his silent wish. \"We accept.\" \"Excellent.\" He clapped, then began to rub his hands together, as if for warmth. \"First, let me tell you what I know. Then we may discuss how to proceed.\" Yet again, he indicated the seats around the table. This time, they took them. \"We – and by that I mean the Crown – have known about your activities in Sherwood for some time. Much of the information came from the Sheriff and some, that is to say better, came directly from my own sources.\" \"Wait,\" Marion interrupted, \"You know everything? Even about my capture and escape?\" \"Of course. Naturally, the Sheriff sent us a more self-flattering depiction of the incident.\" He leaned over towards her. \"His description of you as 'a murderous harpy hell-bent on revenge' hardly does you justice. \"After that point, the king took it upon himself to end the flaunting of his own pronouncements, and directed the Sheriff to bring Robin back to London in chains. He wants to end the misrule of Robin of the Hood once and for all. \"I know that you've made contact with one of the jailers at the Tower. I advise you all to cultivate him, to play to his loyalty. He will undoubtedly be of great use.\" \"I don't understand,\" said Alan, leaning across the table. \"If you know all this, if you've got all this power, why don't you just let Robin out? Why do you need us?\" The Marshal opened his mouth to speak, but Will was quicker. \"Because he can't be seen to be doing anything, isn't that right? It might compromise his place.\" The Marshal sighed. \"Slightly unfair, but true. Any hint of disloyalty around the king and I will be in no position to help you at all.\" \"Which is why we've got to do the work, Alan,\" Marion said. \"Not all of it,\" the Marshal replied. \"As I've said, you need to keep close to the jailer. Remind him of your past exploits. Tell him what has happened to you since. Buy his loyalty if needs be.\" He took out a purse, letting it fall to the table with a heavy metallic clash. \"But above all, make sure that he keeps Robin away from the other prisoners and jailers. No prying eyes. \"I'll do my best to convince the king to keep the execution private, that is, inside the Tower. I'll tell him it's bad politics to execute a folk hero in public.\" \"Why are we talking of an execution at all?\" Marion asked. \"Aren't we planning on finding Robin before that point?\" \"There needs to be an execution,\" said the Marshal. \"The king has demanded it. The question is: whose will it be?\"[Chapter 18] Underground it stank of wet and rot, as the shivery November damp trickled into the oubliette. He felt the cold within him, echoing in his flesh. They had left him there, that morning, though whether it was day or night now, he couldn't tell. Someone had set aside some food – a chunk of oaty bread, thin gruel – and he tried to eat, despite the biting pain in his side. There was no pleasure in the eating, though: his stomach still felt tight and irritable. He lay down on the dirty straw and tried to sleep. He followed someone in the miasma of his half-remembered dreams. A cry, a fleeing shadow. And then nothing, only a sensation of loss, a consuming ache whose source he could not recollect. He woke to the ever-present day, the stripes of torch-light that fell upon him indifferent to the hour. He was surprised not to have seen anyone yet. From the sound of it, no one was even nearby. A mouse scurried across the stone floor, nibbling on the remnants of his bread. He thought of Marion, of Alan and Will, of John. He realized that he could not even be sure they were still alive, although some part of him was certain he would know if they were not. They undoubtedly would have tried to find him, followed the traces of his path. He prayed to all the saints above that they would give up now and leave him to this place of forgetting. He knew there would be no escape. He heard a door shut and a whistle. The melody was from a rude tavern ditty, one he had not heard in many years. A craggy face appeared behind the iron-barred ceiling, accompanied by a shock of dirty blond hair and a look of intense amusement. \"Good e'en to ye, Robin!\" He squinted in the firelight, standing to get a better look. His knees threatened to buckle. \"Do we know each other?\" he asked weakly. \"I ken it's been a while since we clapped eyes on one another, but don't tell me ye's forgotten ole Harry!\" A stab of memory. One of the pikemen from Richard's army. He remembered the man's prodigious appetite and his unfortunate propensity to return again and again to Robin's table, despite his continual bad luck and the loss of his wages. \"What are you doing here?\" \"What a kind greeting!\" He hiccupped: the sound reverberated across the walls. \"Not a 'How are ye, Harry? So fine to see ye after so long!' Just 'What are ye doin' here?'\" The words came out slightly slurred. Was the man drunk? Robin thought. \"I'm sorry, Harry. It's just that, well, I'm surprised to see you here, is all.\" \"Ye and me both! Imagine, Robin Longstride, of the king's archers, clapped in the Tower. I just about chucked out me ale to hear of it!\" \"It's a long story, you see…\" \"Oh, I knows the story. A political prisoner, ye are. Fightin' for the common man, for all us common soldiers, against the greedy land-ownin' scum. But they'll get what's comin' to 'em, won't they?\" The man seemed to wink at him, although it came across as more of a twitch. \"We just need to stick to the plan, eh?\" \"Wait, what plan?\" But he had already begun to stumble away, singing a partial refrain. \" There once was a young maid from Ipswich Who had time and nothing to do In the alley behind the old butcher's…\" The verses and the footsteps faded away into the distance. Robin felt the need to sit down. The stones were as cold as they had been when he fell asleep; it was unlikely he was still dreaming. \"What plan?\" he whispered to no one in particular.[Chapter 19] She rubbed her hands over her goosebumped arms – the open seat in the garderobe was letting in a rush of cold wind – and continued to bind her chest tightly with the linen band. She gave one last exhalation and pulled forcefully, knotting the ends together. Next came the leggings and the undertunic. Both were meant for someone larger than her, but this was the best they could do under the circumstances. The grey outer tunic was dirty, stiff, and full of holes and as she pulled it over her head she tried to brush away most of the grime. Her hair she plaited into a thick band and wrapped it into a flat circular coil at the base of her neck. The coif of the chainmail would cover it, she knew, but she felt better knowing it was securely tied back. She would need help with the rest of the mail: beyond just the weight, the lacings were in places far too difficult to reach oneself. The surcoat would be last, emblazoned with the king's insignia, granting the wearer full rights of entry and access, but she would wait until the final moment to don it. The men had all opposed this – the Marshal included – but she had told them that she would be damned to simply sit and wait. They saw the look in her eyes and their protests were withdrawn, but she still knew they were troubled with the thought of a woman accompanying them on such a task. Her neck would stretch just as easily as their own if they were uncovered. Fully dressed, she made her way back down the darkened hallway to the solar, where they were all waiting. It was clear she had interrupted a conversation. The Marshal looked up from where he sat, hands on his knees. \"I must admit, milady, it is disconcerting to see you dressed as a common soldier.\" \"Then let's hope for your sake, sir, that I don't have to do it for very long,\" she replied. \"Will someone help me with the armor?\" Alan was nearest; he picked up the hauberk from where it sat on a long wooden bench and held it above her so she could put her arms in. \"You're sure he's asleep?\" Will asked the Marshal. \"He had a great deal of wine. He had to be taken upstairs.\" Marion felt the weight of the mail press down upon her shoulders. Alan began lacing up the back. \"And he's alone?\" \"My servants have all gone to bed. His men were dismissed and told to travel home. I watched them leave at mid-day. He seemed unsuspecting, if that's what you're wondering. After all, it's not every day you get an invitation to sojourn at the Marshal's residence until Christmastide.\" \"Bloody bastard, he must think this is his reward,\" muttered John. Alan moved on to the coif, attaching the two sides around her neck. He squinted, working methodically. The Marshal stood and walked towards the door. \"His is the first chamber on the right. Your horses have been left right outside the kitchen. It shouldn't take you that long to be on your way.\" He turned, looking at each of them. \"You know that if you are caught, I have to disavow any knowledge of you.\" Will looked as if he was about to say something particularly nasty. \"We know,\" she answered. \"Thank you for all your help.\" \"Good luck,\" he said, and he slipped silently behind the door. Quiet descended. It was now time. They waited a few moments – long enough for the Marshal to return to his bedchamber and the lights upstairs to be put out – and then looked at each other expectantly. Each taking a candle, they extinguished all the other lights in the solar and made their way into the hallway. Their leather shoes shuffled softly on the stone floor, but the wooden stairs began to emit small shrieks under their weight. She cringed with every sound. The door, though, gave them no resistance. Its hinges had been recently oiled. She could hear him snoring, saw the faint silhouette of his body in the bed. Despite his inebriation, he seemed to sense something in the room with him. His eyes fluttered drowsily. \"Whaaa…?\" There was a small smack as the hilt of Alan's dagger came down upon the crown of his head, which then flopped helplessly over. They bundled him up, tying his wrists together and a gag across his mouth. Each taking a part they carried him back down the stairs, through the hallway, and into the kitchen. As they were close to the door, his feet brushed by a set of hanging copper pots, setting off a chorus of deep metallic tones. A kitchen maid lifted up a small bedraggled head from her hearth bed, her eyes full of alarm and confusion. John saw her, and smiled as he put his finger to his lips. She lay back down. After securing their captive to one of the horses, they made quietly for the main thoroughfare. There were a few people out, even at the late hour. They tried not to make eye contact. The ride was not long, but once he seemed to wake up, making faint moaning noises. Will had to hit him in the side of the face. Halting after the interruption, they took a moment to pull on their royal surcoats. Now removed from the rabbit warren of streets, they looked up at the hulking construction in their path. The Tower gleamed like a sleek animal in the moonlight.[Chapter 20] As they approached the Tower's eastern gate, Marion eyed the soldiers tasked with the first watch of the night. One stamped his feet and blew into his hands, warming them with his breath, while the other, older than his companion and seemingly oblivious to the evening's chill, leaned his head against the stone wall, his eyes slipping closed. Her heart clutched and pounded within her ribcage. Their pace was calm and languid as they drew near. Anything else might invite suspicion. \"What's this?\" The soldier's voice echoed in the air like a challenge. \"Just bringing in a prisoner.\" They had decided that Alan would be the one to speak: Marion, for obvious reasons, could not, and Will and John's accents might raise questions they didn't want to answer. \"What prisoner? I haven't heard anything about a prisoner.\" The soldier turned to his fellow-in-arms. \"Culpepper, have you heard anything about a prisoner?\" The younger soldier, now pretending to ignore the cold, shrugged. \"Nothing, sir.\" The first soldier turned back to Alan, his gaze defiant. \"We haven't heard anything about a prisoner.\" \"Well, you wouldn't have yet, would you?\" answered Alan. \"We didn't know about it 'till our commander tells us to take this man into our custody and escort him back to the Tower jailers.\" He leaned down towards the soldier conspiratorially. \"Picked him up for false coining,\" he said in a low voice. \"Clearly didn't remember that it's a hanging offense.\" The soldier stared at their unconscious prisoner, now leaning open-mouthed across the neck of his horse, his hands tied firmly around it. His gaze turned back to Alan. \"We're not supposed to let anyone in without permission from inside.\" His head jerked back towards the looming tower visible behind the gate. \"Look,\" said Alan, with a resigned sigh, \"We can stand here all night, talking about this, and freezing our cocks off in the process, or you can just let us in to deliver our prisoner and we'll be gone sooner than you know. And I can't imagine they'd be happy with the thought of anyone keeping him from going into custody as soon as was possible.\" For a moment, the soldier's thoughts seemed to wheel into motion behind his eyes. His mouth turned to a hard grimace. \"Take him in.\" They dismounted their horses and moved to untie their prisoner's hands. John and Will pulled him down from his horse, and supporting him with an arm under each armpit, began to carry him inside the gate and across the green. On the southern side of the tower, they found the entrance: a wooden staircase that led to an iron-bolted door on the floor above. As they approached the top of the stairs, a shadowy figured emerged, half inside the doorframe, beckoning them closer. \"Good timing, Harry,\" said Alan, grasping the man by the shoulder. \"Timing? Phhtt! I've been watchin' that gate since sundown.\" He looked down at the man leaning between Will and John. \"Is that him?\" \"That's him.\" \"Let's go, then.\" He led them through darkened chambers, their shadows throwing ghostly images upon the rough stone walls. She could hear above them the distant sounds of music and laughter. He must have seen her look up towards the ceiling. \"Banqueting chamber's right above us. The king, queen mother, all the court.\" He grinned at her. He was missing two bottom teeth. \"Lucky for us, they won't hear a thing.\" They followed him to a narrow spiral staircase cut deep into the wall. It was a tight fit going down, forcing Will and John to simply carry their prisoner squeezed in between them. The staircase let out into a larger hallway. Shadowed archways lined both sides, but they continued to the end, where Harry pulled out a set of iron keys, unfastening the heavy door in front of them. Inside the chamber, Marion could make out six sets of iron bars, set into the floor. She realized with a start that the ground receded underneath each one. \"Longstride, you've got visitors!\" For a moment her heart seemed to still. Consumed in the planning and the thoughts of danger, she had almost forgotten that he was here, that she would look upon him again. Harry had unlocked one of the sets of bars and thrown it back, revealing the confined opening beneath. He was about to take hold of a nearby ladder, but she grasped it from his hands, throwing it into the hollow space and descending, two rungs at a time. He began to emerge, faintly, as her eyes adjusted to the darkness. An eye was swollen over, gashed and ripe, and dried blood was matted against the side of his head. There was a rasp in his breath as he sat leaning against the cold stone wall. He saw her and gave the faintest of smiles. \"Am I dead now, my love?\" She took his hand and kissed him softly on the forehead. \"Not dead. Not if I have anything to say about it.\" He looked up at her, comprehension dawning on his features. \"Oh, Marion, you shouldn't have come. Although I am delighted to see you.\" She brushed back his hair from his brow, holding his head in her hands. \"Shhhh…\" she murmured. \"We'll be gone from this place soon enough. Before then, though, I need you to take off your clothes.\" He eyed her with a hint of mischief. \"I hardly think this is the time.\" \"Just be quiet and give me your clothes.\" She helped him with his shirt, her chest constricting when she saw the spray of bruises, as if she was receiving the blows herself. At least they will be repaid, she thought, and then some. Taking the rest of his clothes with her, she went back up the ladder. Their prisoner was awake and seemed none too pleased to be having Will and Alan chopping off the lengths of his hair. On his chest sat a very large Scot, so there was little he could do about it, besides protest vociferously. \"Do you know who I am? I'll have you hanged for this!\" He turned his head and saw her. \"Lady Marion, what are you…? What the hell is going on?\" She dropped the torn and bloody clothes next to his head. Her eyes narrowed to points. \"We all felt, my lord Sheriff, that it would be better for everyone if you were under some sort of protection. Royal custody, ideally.\" His face bulged with fury. \"Get this bloody ogre off of me and let me go, you bastards!\" John released one of the Sheriff's arms and smashed a fist into his nose. His head slumped to one side, blood ebbing from it. \"He's much more pleasant when he's asleep, isn't he?\" John asked, chuckling. \"It is going to be harder to get him dressed this way, though,\" she replied. \"I don't know,\" said Will. \"He had a lot of fight left in him.\" She watched as they stripped him, tossing aside his fine linen undershirt and soft wool leggings. Clumsily shifting his arms and legs, they finally got him into Robin's clothes and then left him crumpled on the floor. She looked down at the Sheriff, his hair cropped tight like a yeoman's, dressed in filthy, rent clothing, and she felt something resembling pity. Almost. Robin had to be carefully lifted up the ladder. None of them said a word, but she knew by the men's faces that they were relieved to see him. Their bodies moved easier, as if a great weight had been removed. \"Harry, you've got that bundle?\" asked Will, over his shoulder. \"Got left on my doorstep last night, just as you said it would.\" He brought over a lumpen pile of fabric; unrolling it, she saw that it was an additional soldier's uniform, complete with mail and surcoat. \"I had to sneak it in under my cloak.\" He winked at her. \"Told 'em I'd been fattenin' up for winter.\" They helped Robin dress, holding him steady as his legs wavered, tightening lacings and adjusting fabric as if they were his waiting women. He winced as the heavy chainmail was laid on and she prayed that they would soon be gone, and from there find a place where she could safely assess his injuries. As Alan and John were depositing the Sheriff in the pit below, Will turned to their accomplice. \"Remember, Harry, this prisoner of yours is a notorious liar and scoundrel. He'll say anything or be anyone to escape the noose.\" \"Like most prisoners, I'd wager. I once had one claimed he was the holy martyred Thomas à Becket. Sayin' you're a dead man don't tend to save you from the executioner.\" \"Good man,\" said Will, clapping him on the arm. With an underhand motion, he passed him a small purse. \"For the cause,\" he murmured. Harry nodded, his brow tightening in seriousness. \"For the cause,\" he echoed. They left the same way they had come, following the path of the staircase and the empty chambers. Robin had to be supported each step – he was not strong enough to walk unaided – and it was tedious work getting him to the main door and across the central green. Back at the eastern gate, the two soldiers were still attempting to stave off boredom and cold. Their heads snapped to attention as the group shuffled by them through the gate. The first soldier stepped forward, his hand held out in their direction. \"You there! Wait!\" They stopped, turning back to face him. \"There was four of you going in. Now there's five. I don't doubt my counting skills, so one of you better explain this to me, before I call the watch.\" Alan moved towards the soldier, smiling wide. \"Well, see, we deposited our prisoner, but on the way back the captain inside says he's got a job for us. One of the men on duty…\" – he nodded his head towards Robin – \"…he had too much to drink and ended up in a brawl. We was told to take him home.\" He tapped the soldier with his elbow. \"His wife's such a scold, she's going to give him another eye to match, the poor fellow.\" The soldier seemed unconvinced, but did nothing to stop them. Marion knew that they had to start moving, before he had a chance to call in reinforcements. The rest of them seemed to know it, too. As they approached the horses and helped to get Robin astride one, the soldier seemed to snap out of his indecision. \"Wait a moment!\" He moved towards Marion, as she was closest to him, his hand held out as if to grasp her shoulder and stop her from moving. At the last moment, though, her head turned, and his hand pulled away at the back of her mail hood, leaving her bareheaded, her uncoiled hair falling like a rope down her back. \"A woman!\" he gasped, a split second before John's fist smashed into his cheekbone. The younger soldier simply stared, wide-eyed, until he had the presence of mind to scream. A second crunch of bone and flesh ended his cry, but they could hear the sounds of additional soldiers moving rapidly towards them from the round corner tower. They had hastily mounted and spurred their horses along the north wall by the time they saw soldiers emerging from the battlements. The soldiers began to fire upon them with crossbows, but in the darkness their aim was poor and they were forced to shoot indiscriminately. She heard a grunt and a small cry. Looking to her right, she saw Alan snapping off the shaft of an arrow that had lodged in between the links of the mail on his back. Her eyes went wide with alarm and worry. \"It's not so deep,\" he shouted at her over the din of the pounding hooves. She hoped it was true. They raced towards the postern gate in the city wall – arrangements had been made for it to be left open – and then out into the open countryside east of the city. She could see in the moonlight the pale outlines of a half-built abbey church, the massive stone foundation emerging from the earth like a forgotten ruin. Beyond the building site lay a large copse of ash trees, where they headed, looking for a place to safely stop. Marion went over to help Robin dismount. She wanted to look at his wounds and clean up his face before they got much further. From the corner of her eye – as if it had only been a trick of the light – she saw Alan bent double over his horse's neck. Almost gradually he seemed to slide out of the saddle and collapse onto the ground. As they circled around him, panic reverberated through the air. In the chaos of many hands turning him over, looking for injuries, loosening the clasp of his hood, she looked straight into his eyes and saw him looking back in turn. His face was pale and drawn, contrasting with the darkness of his hair, stains of crimson lining his teeth and the inside of his mouth. She heard their cries when they found the broken-off arrow shaft, held fast in the open maw of chain mail and blood, but the noise was hushed, as if happening somewhere far from them. She put a palm to his forehead. It felt damp and cold, like a stone. He took a shredded breath. Blood began to froth on the corners of his mouth. He smiled. It suddenly became very quiet, as if no one wanted to acknowledge what was happening. \"Sing…\" he mouthed, his breath a sound of liquid. \"Sing us a song, then.\" They looked at each other, their faces mirroring horror and confusion. None of them made a sound. She looked down at him, her hand still cradling his head, and she began a lilting tune. It was an old song, from her childhood, with lyrics in vibrant Provençal that spoke of a lost city fallen beneath the waves of the Western Sea. She sang of the foolish princess that opened the gates to the tides, of the flood that engulfed her, of her transformation into a water sylph, destined to haunt the rocky coast forever. It was a melancholy song, and she began to feel the tears upon her cheeks as she finished the final verses. The light had gone from his eyes. His chest had ceased to rise and fall. The grove was unearthly still.[Chapter 21] They buried him beside a stately oak tree deep within Sherwood. No one spoke as they lowered him in – no one had said much of anything since that evening – but she took Robin's hand as a prayer was said, feeling it slack around her own. She wished she knew what to say to him, how to comfort him in such a way that would ease the suffering she saw within his eyes. Nothing seemed right, though. It was as if the world had been pulled off its path. They had ridden fast for the Scottish border, wanting to be free from the long reach of the king as soon as possible. Joanna had come, as well as Maggie, the sole refugees from the forest camp who chose to go with them, rather than simply melt back into the fields and villages of the shire. Their destination was Dundee: John's family raised sheep and cattle some distance north of the city, on the edges of the Highlands. After several days' ride, much of it through particularly bleak and rainy countryside, they finally arrived on the outskirts of the city. All they wanted was a place to warm themselves, where they could find a decent supper and a soft bed. The sole inn they could find was dank and dirty, but the ale was cheap and the rooms cheaper. Rainwater leaked through holes in the ceiling. There was little conversation over supper. She could feel their exhaustion and desire to simply put the day behind them. Will drank too much ale and tried to sleep with his head upon the table before they finally hoisted him to his feet and put him to bed upstairs. She felt a small pleasure to discover they would have a room to themselves. They had not been alone since the morning of his capture, and if she was honest with herself, she knew she missed the feel of him. It was unclear to her what Robin was thinking – both with his injuries and his present state of mind – but she hoped that he might feel the same. He shut the door behind him and looked at her as she perched on the edge of the bed. She swallowed. He took a step forward, just as a knock rattled the door on its hinges. His brow tight with confusion, he turned back to open it. A figure, swathed in shadow, held out a gloved hand. He passed over some sort of paper and a leather pouch to Robin before stalking wordlessly away. \"What is it?\" she asked. \"A letter,\" he answered, closing the door. He sized up the pouch in the palm of his hand. \"And something heavy.\" \"What does it say?\" \"I don't know.\" He handed her the letter. \"It's addressed to you.\" She examined it closely, the smooth vellum, the elaborate calligraphy, and recognized her own Christian name, no more. She handed it back. \"Read it to me.\" He tore back the heavy waxen seal and unfolded the paper, smoothing it in his grasp. \"'My dearest lady…'\" Robin raised his eyebrows into points. \"Please continue,\" she said. \"'My dearest lady, I hope this message finds you in good spirits and good health. You may have heard of the events of late, but if not, it shall be my pleasure to relate them to you. \"'Robin of the Hood, the notorious outlaw who had terrorized the countryside for so long, was finally brought to justice and executed this past week within the confines of the Tower. The king did not attend, owing to some ailments which have long been troubling him, although he did send a representative.'\" He sat down, an arm's length away from her. \"'On the same day, one of the guests at my residence, the Sheriff of Nottingham, who had in fact brought the very same outlaw into royal custody, fell violently ill with fever and aches. He would let no one in to see him, excepting my person, despite my continued entreaties to fetch a physician. He continued to decline throughout the evening, finally speaking of seeing spirits flying through the air. In fear for both his life and his soul, I sent for a doctor and a priest, but as soon as I had done so, he overpowered me, knocking me to the floor of the chamber, and then in a delirious state, he escaped out of the house and fled into the darkened streets. Curiously, he has not been seen these five days hence, in spite of numerous searches within the city and the hinterland beyond. I worry that he has come to some unfortunate end and we might never know what has become of him.'\" \"'Such strange events to relate, but I have no doubt that you will find some measure of comfort in them. I hope that you will also take comfort with the enclosed offering, which I ask you to accept as a token of my esteem. In our brief days of acquaintance, I must say that I was humbled by the strength of your devotion and determination. Had we met in another time and place, it would have been my honor to take to the field as your champion. \"'I remain, as always, your ladyship's humble servant. \"'William.'\" He laid the letter in his lap and fell back upon the bed covering. \"So this was your plan? The Sheriff being executed as an outlaw? Some patched-up excuse for his disappearance?\" She turned towards him, leaning down upon her elbows, deliberately not touching him. \"We didn't know what else to do. We couldn't leave you there.\" He didn't look at her, but continued to stare at some unfixed point in the wooden rafters of the ceiling. \"You should have,\" he said quietly, as if only to himself. \"Please don't say that. Especially now.\" He took a long and deep breath. She could see his chest tightening as he exhaled. \"Do you know what I thought about, when I was in there? I know that you want to think that I was busy planning my escape, that I was looking for some strategy, some way out…\" \"It doesn't matter what I think.\" She moved her hand towards him, as if to place it on his chest, but he caught her wrist and held it away from him. \"I was ready to die. I had imagined it, so many times. The long walk up the gallows steps, the feel of the rope around my neck, the priest's words. It was as if it had already happened.\" He turned his head towards her, his gaze catching hers. \"I made my peace with God. He forgave me.\" She slid her hand down into his, feeling the calluses of his palm, the warmth underneath. \"What have you done that you need forgiveness for?\" \"Don't you understand? Everything that I've done – everything I am – has brought people into danger. And rather than meeting my creator with an unburdened soul, I had to watch my oldest friend die in front of me, knowing all the while it was my fault it was happening.\" He turned on his side, curling into himself and burying his face in the rough fabric of the bed cover. \"I did this, Marion. I did this,\" he whispered, his face a misshapen grimace. \"It's all my fault.\" She lay down next to him, cupping his cheek with her hand and fanning her fingers around the side of his neck. She wished to Heaven above that she could take this from him, as if the pain could simply be transmitted into her through the ends of her fingertips. \"It's not your fault,\" she answered. \"Alan came because he loved you, because he would never have left you behind. And if it had been him, you would have done exactly the same. \"We each make our own choices. You are not responsible for everything that happens. That burden does not belong to you.\" He opened his watery green eyes. She wondered what he had looked like as a boy. Perhaps a little like this. \"He was my friend.\" She drew him towards her, enveloping him in her embrace, all the world kept at bay. \"I know. He was mine, too.\" In time, the candles burned down, the embers of the wick sputtering into a thin tail of smoke. The rain outside stopped, and a day was born into the starry indigo expanse of the sky.[Chapter 22] This piece has been such a fun summer project, but I will admit that it'll be nice to switch that little button over from \"In-Progress\" to \"Complete.\" Little did I know when I started it was going to turn out to be such an adventure... Big thanks to all my readers and reviewers (past and future) – knowing someone was out there, along for the ride, certainly helped keep me going! Her feet skimmed upon the ground as fat snowflakes wove their way through the evening sky. The snow had begun earlier that day, but hadn't stuck; the night was cold, though, and the path was now strewn with a fine dusting of white. She wanted to check on the stock before they bedded down for the evening. The Marshal's gift had allowed the two of them to purchase not only their cottage and a timber-framed barn, but a shorthorned heifer and a brace of blackfaced ewes. They would have a steady income, and a firm roof over their heads, no longer held captive by fear or insecurity. For his part, John had been welcomed back into the arms of his plentiful family, who had almost given up hope of ever seeing him again. There had been a fine celebration the night of their arrival, replete with a kind of aqua vitae made, so John said, with barley grain. It burned her throat and warmed her belly, and within her grew the glow of happiness. Everyone had smiled and danced, and ate until they could hardly stand. Two weeks later, in the first sharp days of December, they celebrated again as John and Joanna were wed, in his childhood kirk, his parents looking on with pride, his long-passed forefathers bearing silent witness under stone crosses in the churchyard beyond. Marion had cried a little, if only for the good fortune of others, and perhaps even for her own. Inside the barn it was cozy, though not very warm, as she looked to see that there was enough feed and water. One of the ewes gave her a nudge with its head as she passed; she leaned down to give it a rub and breathed deeply from its wool. The fleece was redolent of rosemary and heather, of the spring that would come after the last snows melted away. She drew closed the barn door and closed the latch, breathing on her cupped hands for warmth as she made her way back towards the cottage. Maggie had gone for the night, choosing to spend the evening with John and Joanna, or maybe even to see Will, who seemed to have caught her eye as of late. Perhaps tonight he might even return her glances. Once inside, she settled down next to him before the hearthstones, drawing a wool blanket over their shoulders. They were comforted by the warmth of a peat fire in the hearth, secure from the pummeling January winds outside. For some time, they sat in silence, watching the dance of the smoke as it twirled and lifted, the hypnotic glow of the embers. \"I have been meaning to thank you,\" she said, turning her face partly towards his. \"For what?\" \"For my wedding gift.\" Her eyes were cast downward, refusing to meet his glance. \"As I remember, you did thank me. But what does it matter now? That mattress is long burnt away to ash.\" \"No, not the mattress.\" His brow furrowed, lined with confusion. \"What are you talking about?\" She took his hand, knitting her fingers through his, and pulled it across the faint curve of her belly. Her mouth was tight as she smiled at him, her eyes awash and brilliant. He looked at her, hoping yet uncertain. \"When?\" \"Mid-summer. I wanted to be sure, before I said anything.\" \"And now you're sure?\" The corners of his mouth began to turn up, showing the faint outline of a smile. \"Very.\" His eyes swiveled away, as if he was seeing something in the distance. \"If it's…\" He stopped, holding back the emotion in his voice. \"If it's a boy, we should…we should call him…\" She squeezed his hand, wrapping it around her waist. \"That's a fine name for a boy,\" she murmured. She leaned back against his chest, curling herself around him, feeling the warmth of the fire on her cheek. She stared into the smoky flames and then let her eyes drift closed. Held tight within the depths of winter, the nights were now long and dark, and full of promise. ","Summary":" Author's Note: this story follows from the story laid out in the Theatrical Version of the movie, r"}]