[{"Movie":"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless M...","Title":"The Missing Photograph","Author":"imaginethwrldisurs","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6537934","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Missing Photograph At the far side of her apartment, behind her rugged couch, lay the photograph forgotten until this past March. She noticed the silver sliver of the photo's right side and reached over, back stretched forward to grasp it with much might. Her f i n g e r s dangled outwards. Her now blue strands fell towards the eggshell wall. The hands elongated, the tips barely there. A memory not within reach. Nevertheless, the photo obtained, she caught a quick glimpse, double take, There they were. Two people, one with orange hair, the other facing her with an embrace. Blank faces, literal blank faces. No eyes, mouth, nose, nothing. \"Look.\" \"Oh,\" he laughs delightfully. She twirls gracefully and flops on him. \"A tangerine.\" \"Joellie.\" \"Yeah, Tangerine?\" \"Am I ugly?\" \"Nuh uh.\" ... \"You're pretty; you're pretty; you're pretty...\" One tear from no memory she could recall. ","Summary":" The Missing Photograph At the far side of her apartment, behind her rugged couch, lay the photograp"},{"Movie":"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless M...","Title":"From Green to Blue","Author":"cinnymoon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11353992","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Clementine followed Joel back down to his apartment. She plopped down on his couch and rubbed her face. \"This is crazy… right? Like… how does this happen?\" She asked half out of curiosity, half looking for answers. \"It is…\" Joel began, muffled, \"…Crazy, I mean.\" Clem looked up at him and smiled. \"You know, I'm still kind of tired.\" Joel smiled back and walked over to the couch motioning for her to stand. They pulled apart the loveseat to make a full bed. Dropping the mattress down, Joel walked away to get a blanket from the closet. He unfolded the blanket and threw it over the already sheeted mattress like a parachute and watched it fall gently down. Clem laid herself down and as Joel began to cross the room to sit in the chair, he heard her clear her throat. He turned to see her patting the empty space beside her. Suddenly blushing, Joel ran his hand on the back of his neck, smiling. He crossed back over and lay next to her. Immediately Clem filled the gap and cuddled up to Joel, nuzzling her face into his chest as he wrapped his arms around her. Both feeling so at home, they fell asleep. Early evening came quickly, it seemed. Joel stretched back and snapped awake when he realized the space next to him was empty. \"Clementine?\" he called out. Almost as if to respond, the toilet flushed. Without realizing he was tense, his muscles began to relax. The bathroom door opened and he heard the soft shuffle of Clem's feet coming back to him. \"You're out of toilet paper,\" she said as she returned, rubbing her sleepiness from her freshly washed face. \"Are you hungry?\" Joel asked, \"I know this great Chinese place around the corner. We could go out…\" he hesitated, reading her expression, \"…or order in?\" Her face lit up. \"In is good,\" she responded as she plopped back down hugging Joel's arm, placing her head on his shoulder. He let out a pleasant sigh at her touch. Even though they were fairly strangers, everything felt so familiar between them. Right. \"I have an idea,\" Clem blurted as she let go of Joel and bounced cross-legged to face him, \"Since we both have tapes saying how much we hate each other, maybe we should listen to them together. Get everything out in the open now?\" Joel must have looked a little nervous to her because she quickly retracted her statement. \"Or we can burn them and start over?\" she asked cautiously. He seemed to like that idea better. \"How about,\" she continued, \"we talk about what bugs us when it happens? No anger. Just address it and move on! So we don't end up back here again. Because I really like you, Joel.\" \"I like you, too,\" he said shyly. \"I just don't think I could talk about things right away. I much rather just think on it because sometimes it's not worth talking about.\" \"But that's how things fester! And grow! And before you know it you're back deleting 'Clem Files' from your mind wishing I never existed!\" \"No. I don't think so. No. No. You're right. Okay. I'll make an effort to talk things out if you make an effort to do something that you're not comfortable with either.\" \"Like?\" she asked skeptically. \"Like maybe not get mad so easily if I do bring something up? It would make it easier for me to say something if the time comes.\" \"When have I ever…\" she stopped herself. Now , she thought. Now is when she ever … \"Okay,\" she continued. \"I mean I can't promise as much as you can, but I promise that I'm willing to work on it!\" They both stared at each other, Clem cracking a smile first. And before she knew it, she leaned in and kissed Joel. This wasn't perfect whatever this was, but it was something; something worth fighting for. Maybe now was the right time for them. Maybe now they had a shot. ","Summary":" Clementine followed Joel back down to his apartment. She plopped down on his couch and rubbed her f"},{"Movie":"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless M...","Title":"I watched you grow and disappear","Author":"Fangirldown","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10375799","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I mentally and logically understood why I was sitting in the Lacuna waiting room, I couldn't move on from her death, but emotionally this entire thing felt wrong. Not just what I was thinking but the whole concept of Lacuna itself felt wrong. But then again everything felt wrong to me ever since I lost Iris. What parent can ever look at the world the same? \"Mr. Harlow?\" The receptionist called pulling me from my train of thought. I stood from my chair and followed her back into a small office area where the doctor was seated with a folder and tape recorder on the table in front of him. \"Well hello Mr. Harlow.\" He said standing with a smile as he offered me his hand. How can someone be so cheery towards someone that's clearly broken? \"Hi.\" Was all I said as I took the seat opposite him and watched as he hit record on the tape player and I could feel my nerves begin to rattle. \"Why dont you start by telling me your name and why you're here.\" He said picking up a pen that laid untouched beside the folder, his eyes boring into me expectantly. \"Well... my name is Austin Harlow and I'm here to e-erase my daughter Iris.\" I managed to stutter out. Even saying her name makes me want to break down in tears. \"I'm sorry for your lose Mr. Harlow. Tell me about Iris. What was she like? Dont leave anything out.\" He said as he glanced down and away from me. \"Well...\" I began as I fidgeted with my hands. \"She was what every young girl was. Stubborn and sensitive, but so full of life, always bouncing from one thing to the next without missing a beat.\" I recalled of my 14 year old daughter as I watched him begin to scribble down words in black ink. \"But she got to that age where you couldn't tell her anything without a fight, a trait she inherited from her mother.\" I scoffed earning a slight side grin from him. \"Then again she was always like her mother, I often wondered if she even had the slightest bit of me in her besides my genes...\" I felt the tears and wiped under my eyes quickly as I cleared my throat to stop the cry that wanted so badly to erupt from my throat like a volcano. \"She never picked up a book but was always quick to read those stupid Hollywood magazines. I hated those god damn things, probably the reason she developed an eating disorder.\" I recalled thinking back to the pictures of women that looked like skeletons for impressionable young minds to see. \"Was she a happy girl?\" He asked finally glimpsing up at me from the half written page and I shook my head as I reached up ad scratched my chin. \"No, I mean she did have good days, but most of the time she was withdrawn and had this glazed over look in her eyes like she wasn't really there. I tried talking to her many times but I never got through to her completely. I guess it should have been expected since she never listened to me anyway.\" I replied with a sigh. \"From my understanding you and her mother are not together anymore, haven't been for years but you had full custody of Iris while her mother only got visitation. How did that affect Iris?\" He questioned. \"Honestly, if she had it her way she would run off and live with her mother and never speak to or see me again. We had so many disagreements over that situation and it just put a strain on both of us.\" I told him as all the arguments came flooding back, every 'I hate you' stabbing him in the chest. \"Now, this one is going to be difficult to answer but...how did she die?\" He asked and I sucked in my breath, my heart feeling like a rock in my chest as I stared hard at the dark, stained wood of the desk in front of me as I remember seeing my only child, my baby, laying on a slab in a morgue so pale and so thin. \"Anorexia nervosa.\" I mumbled lowly. \"You blame yourself, don't you.\" He stated simply as if the guilt was written on my forehead in plain sight for all to see. \"I could have done more, I could have saved her.\" I said through clenched teeth as I felt a hot tear fall down my cheek in anger, anger at myself for letting her die. \"It's not your fault at all-\" \" Every bone in her body. \" I cut him off as I clenched the armrest in my hands tightly. \" I could have named and counted every bone in her body that poked out or was visible underneath her skin.\" I told him as more tears of anger left burning trails on my skin. He reached over and clicked the stop button on the recorded as he looked at me with a mixture of sympathy, pity and dullness. \"I think that's all we'll cover for today. Next appointment we'll begin to track your memories and then proceed with treatment.\" He said as we both stood. I turned and began to leave his office before another thought struck me. \"What do I do about her room?\" I asked standing in the doorway with my torso turned in his direction. \"Get rid of her things and paint it, turn it into something useful.\" He said picking up papers and hitting them against the desk to straighten them out without actually looking up at me. His tone was cold and he said it as if it should have been the easiest thing in the world to do but as I delved deeper into this method of treatment the more I wanted to stop going through with it. But I wasn't living, in fact, I felt that when Iris died I did too. And not just a piece like everyone else says, all of me had died. ","Summary":" I mentally and logically understood why I was sitting in the Lacuna waiting room, I couldn't move o"},{"Movie":"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless M...","Title":"Take Clem There","Author":"Christine Writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6903835","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There's a place in your heart where nobody's been. Take me there. Things nobody knows, not even your friends. Take me there. Tell me about your momma, your daddy, your home town, show me around. I wanna see it all, don't leave anything out. Clem wanted to be inside Joel's memories, the only place where the specialists couldn't find them. Him taking her into memories where she hadn't existed before was genius. I wanna know, everything about you. And I wanna go, down every road you've been. Where your hopes and dreams and wishes live, where you keep the rest of your life hid. I wanna know the boy behind that handsome stare. Take me there. Clem saw through the slough of memories they were running through what a great person Joel was. Why had she given him up? Your first real kiss, your first true love, you were scared. Show me where. Clem saw their first kiss, and knew that she had been his first true love. When he brought her into the memories between their first few dates, she realized how unsure of himself Joel had been. You learned about life, spent your summer nights, without a care. Take me there. I wanna roll down mainstreet and backroads like you did when you were a kid. What makes you who you are, tell me what your story is. Joel's memories from childhood showed Clem that he was an amazing guy. She saw the friends and teachers who had shaped Joel, and wished that she could step out of the dream and tell them how much she wanted to thank them for the role they played in Joel's life. I wanna know, everything about you. And I wanna go, down every road you've been. Where your hopes and dreams and wishes live, where you keep the rest of your life hid. I wanna know the boy behind that handsome stare. Take me there. When they had met, post erasement, on the beach, she had wondered at the sad young man, standing there, staring off into the distance. She wanted, somehow, to know him, and tell him that his life was going to turn out okay. I wanna roll down mainstreet. I wanna know your hopes and your dreams. Take me, take me there. Clem wanted nothing more than to have Joel trust her again. To share with her the memories of his life, but when they were awake, and sharing by will, and not out of desperation to hang onto them. She knew that it would take a long time, and a lot of forgiveness, but she knew that one day, he would take her there. ","Summary":" There's a place in your heart where nobody's been. Take me there. Things nobody knows, not even you"},{"Movie":"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless M...","Title":"In the End","Author":"Violet Gryffindor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5921706","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I just watched Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind today, and I LOVED it!!! Absolutely the best movie I've seen in a while! I'm a huge poetry fan, so I combined the two, and I came up with this! Hope you enjoy it!! Disclaimer: I don't own anything to do with Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind except for this poem! In the End Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind The tale of people leaving Painful memories behind ()() Clementine did it Along with Mary and Joel Who halfway through tried to quit ()() There's the doctor Who looks over the procedures At the company of Lacuna ()() There's Stan and Patrick, both a technician With Patrick Clementine went a smitten ()() In the end Joel and Clementine came together In the end This may be a sign of them being forever Short. Sweet. Simple. Just the way I like it (poetry wise, of course). Please read and review, since there isn't many people who wrote for this part of FanFiction! Peace! ","Summary":" I just watched Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind today, and I LOVED it!!! Absolutely the best m"},{"Movie":"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless M...","Title":"Comfortably Numb","Author":"ScarlettRose390","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7670650","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Comfortably Numb I woke up lying on the backseat of my girlfriend's car and everything else before then was a blur. My head kind of hurt. I recognized a Pink Floyd song playing up in the front where my girlfriend was at the wheel. This was weird to me. A part of me hoping that I had woken up in some parallel dimension where my girlfriend was as big a Pink Floyd fan as I was instead of hating them with distain. The other part knew that something had to be wrong. I pushed myself up on the seat. I couldn't tell where we were driving through by looking out the window. Only unfamiliar trees stripped of their colors by the cold hands of winter. That's when she looked at me through the rearview mirror, noticing I was awake. \"Hey cutie.\" She said, taking one of her hands off the wheel for a moment to slide her fingers into my hair. They gently slid down my cheek, her eyes still away from me. Her fingers were cold. \"How you feeling?\" \"Fine.\" I didn't know what she meant by that. I wasn't sick and hadn't been in a while. I guess I'd fallen asleep in her car after we went out or something. It was the only explanation. It was Saturday after all, and hanging out with her was all I ever did on weekends. That and posting funny pictures on facebook. And I guess I could include homework too, but I never really worry about my grades often. There is no pain you are receding A distant ship, smoke on the horizon You are only coming through in waves \"Oh, by the way,\" her voice snapped me out of my thoughts. She took her icy hand off my cheek and started fishing through her coat pocket. She tossed a phone onto the backseat. \"I borrowed this for a bit.\" I leaned over and picked it up. The screen was dark when I flipped it open since it was off. Something inside of me desperately yearned to say I seriously wish you would stop \"borrowing\" my things, but instead I said \"Okay.\" Neither one of us said much after that. Discluding the trippy CD it had gotten strangely quiet. I sat up in the backseat and leaned against the window. The glass was also cold. The setting sun's dying light was bright in my eyes behind the thin branches from unfamiliar trees. I hummed the music and muttered some of the lyrics as we drove on by. I can't explain you would not understand This is not who I am I have become comfortably numb We just stayed like that untilwithout a word she drove over to my house. I should have taken the CD out with me since it was mine, but I really wanted to get inside and I also kinda wanted to listen to the end of the song. \"Hey, uh, thanks for the lift.\" I said next to her open window when I got out of the car. \"So, uh, you wanna come in?\" \"No. It's been a long day.\" She sounded worn out, though I didn't know what we could have all day to warrant that. \"You sure? My family's fine as long as you ignore the cannibalism and our dead grandpa we keep in the basement.\" She laughed a little but gave me a confused look. \"What?\" \"Forget it. I thought I was being funny.\" \"No, you are funny.\" She looked away from me again. \"Well, I guess I'll be seeing you at school.\" I made it a few steps away, wanting to get out of the cold, but her fingers brushed on my wrist. \"Peter, wait.\" She said, strangely quiet. I turned around to face her. \"Yeah?\" She curled her finger toward herself. \"Come here.\" I knelt down, our faces at the same level. I thought of asking what was wrong again, but the few arguments we ever have start out that way. She starts to tell me about what she thinks are her problems, I tell her it doesn't matter, then I say something funny to make her feel better, but then she says I don't get it. It makes me wonder why she even comes to me in the first place. She just says \"Because you're supposed to.\" I never know what to say to her. \"What is it? You can tell me.\" \"Sometimes people do horrible things they shouldn't do, but they don't do it because they want to. It's not because they like being horrible people or anything. It's just that sometimes what's best for someone isn't what everyone else consider right. But if they didn't do it the whole world would fall apart. It's just something they have to do. That's all a part of life. But it all works out in the end, so it's okay. People should stop complaining and just forget about the past already.\" She looked back at me, her eyes entreating my agreement. Before I could say anything else, she grabbed the back of my head with her icy hand and yanked me to her lips. I didn't have any time to think about what to do next. All that came to my mind was that when I was this close she smelled like artificial peppermint. When she pulled away, I just stared at her for a second, not knowing what to say. I felt this confused an awkward smile slowly growing on my face. \"Um, what was that for?\" I asked, which is now the world record for worst thing to ever say after a girl kisses you, idiot! \"I don't know. It just felt right.\" \"Um, alright.\" I was still smiling as I walked over to my porch and she drove away. The darkening sky let the red lights from the back of her car glow. I could see her has she left down the street. Once she was gone, I went inside my house. My mom asked me as I headed upstairs where I was. I told her I was just with my girlfriend, which wasn't lying. As I awaited the computer to turn on, I thought about checking my phone. I was hoping my girlfriend hadn't prank called anyone in my contacts asking for Taco Bell. Or worse, something offensive. When I turned it on, going past the screensaver of my girlfriend and I at the carnival, I saw that there was a new message in my inbox. I almost didn't open it, thinking it was spam or something, but then I opened it. My computer made the noise that said that it was on and loaded, but I didn't touch it. I kept looking at the message, trying to figure it out. ? I just figured it was a wrong number. ","Summary":" Comfortably Numb I woke up lying on the backseat of my girlfriend's car and everything else before "},{"Movie":"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless M...","Title":"Love Lasts Forever -- Meaning Behind the Movie","Author":"AudioElectronique","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9165136","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Memories Last Forever Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a complex work of genius, written by Charlie Kaufman, who is known for his convoluted screenplays, with reoccurring themes such as diving into the mind and consciousness. Charlie Kaufman ascended to screenwriter stardom when he wrote Being John Malkovich in 1999 ( .) A few years later, Charlie resurrected an idea of his from the late nineties, about a couple who venture to a company to get their minds erased. When Charlie finished writing the screenplay, he chose Michel Gondry, a director that he had previously worked with in Human Nature . In an interview on , Charlie Kaufman explained his style as, \"always keeping the camera rolling to preserve continuity.\" Keeping the camera rolling gives a realistic feel to each scene, and eliminates the need for post production correction. The collaboration between the two allowed them to see eye to eye, and produce Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind . Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind features underlying themes such as decaying memory, romance, and color. Decaying memory is the underlying theme of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. In the beginning of the movie, Joel Barish meets Clementine Kruczynski on a train to Montauk. The train scene is memorable because the song \"I Need You Like the Sunshine\" is played throughout the entire scene, but fades in and out when Joel and Clem are talking to each other. The music establishes a maladroit feeling between the two, but retains a viewer's attention by revealing a forthcoming relationship between the protagonists. However, the relationship soon turns inwards, consequently resulting in Clementine's decision to erase her mind of Joel. Following Clementine's action, Joel decides to do the same from a company named Lacuna Inc. After Joel comes to the realization that he is losing his best memories, he tries to reverse the process. Romance is a prevalent theme throughout the movie, because romance is an important aspect of a couple's relationship. When filming the romance scenes, Michel used fog to display a thickness in the air. The fog portrays the effect of waking up from a dream, and shows that Joel is in his mind. In a scene where Clementine and Joel are under the covers, Clementine has a monologue. The Monologue talks about Clementine when she was a kid, thinking that she was ugly. Joel talks to Clementine after the monologue and kisses her, but she quickly fades away. When Joel and Clem are on the ice together on the Charle's river, there is a crack in the ice, representing a cracked relationship that is going to be repaired – a foreshadow ( .) Although Clementine and Joel's relationship is complicated, both characters resemble the opposite side of each other. Clementine's hair color changes throughout the movie. The color of her hair represents the relationship status between herself and Joel. Blue represents blue ruin, also coinciding with the blue bottle when she pours Joel and herself two gin and tonics in her apartment. Clementine's hair is also blue when she meets Joel on the train to Montauk. Clementine's hair is green only for a brief moment, which represents Clem as incomplete. Clem feels incomplete because she cannot find the love of her life, and is ready to have a serious relationship. In the middle of the movie, Clementine's hair is orange. Orange represents the middle of the relationship, still happy but starting to turn ugly until Clem talks about wanting to have a baby. In the dream sequence, Joel relives the previous scene, but soon realizes that something has gone array. The faces of the people at the flea market are blurred out and unclear. Clementine also fades away from the scene, and Joel is quickly transported to another memory of his with the addition of more blurred characters. Although Joel has chosen to eliminate Clementine from his memory, he ultimately comes to the realization that he wants to keep his memories of her when he says, \"I want to call it off. You hear me? I want to call it off (sobs.)\" After Joel sobs he is taken to another memory and speaks to Clementine -which is really him talking to himself. He develops a plan to do the opposite action of what he did in real life to reverse the erasing process. When Joel travels to various memories, Clementine's hair is red. The color red represents the pinnacle of their relationship. The color red also represents the lust that Clementine has for Joel and the eagerness to help him (in his dreams.) In a dream sequence where Joel is at his mother's house, Clementine is his mother's friend. She talks to Joel and tries to help him conquer his fear of being bullied as a child. Oversized props were used in the scene to force a perspective as if Joel was still a child. The sink was a hot bath that the actress Kate Winslet (Clementine) fainted in, which Michel kept in the movie to make the scene more genuine. Throughout Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind various themes are portrayed. Charlie Kaufman's work of genius, along with his second collaboration with Michel Gondry, became a cinematic success without the use of digital enhancements and visual effects. Joel and Clementine's relationship between each other is affected by the erasure of their minds by a process explained as \"brain damage\", by Dr. Mierzwiak. In addition to the erasing process, the movie features flashbacks that portray Clementine and Joel's relationship. Furthermore, the goal of the screenwriter and director was to show that memories last forever, and romance is the key to the preservation of a long lasting relationship. ","Summary":" Memories Last Forever Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a complex work of genius, written by"},{"Movie":"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless M...","Title":"Dreadful Sorry","Author":"ThePreciousHeart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13094069","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You've never been pretty. Anyone who claims otherwise is lying to your face. Try as they might, they can't make you believe them- not your sister who'd apologized as if she could help being the preferred offspring, not your various boyfriends whose sweet words so frequently dissolve into anger and abuse. They've never had enough evidence to contend with your reflection in the mirror. On the surface, you know it's all bullshit anyway, the idea that a woman has to look pretty in order to mean anything to anyone. But it's not like the men you've known ever subscribed to that viewpoint. Or like your mother, with her constant criticisms, ever cared to understand. Sometimes it makes you feel all jumpy and nervous when you're in public, and you hate that more than anything. At work, your stomach clenches if a customer so much as side-eyes you, or raises their eyebrows for a second. You want to shout: If I COULD change, don't you think I would have by now? Your fundamental lack of comfort in your own skin is like some kind of demonic entity, clinging to you for dear life. It pushes you to cake concealer on your face, because you're almost thirty fucking years old and you're still breaking out like a depressed teenager. It forces you to spend hours in the bathroom, applying and removing your lipstick until you're sure you've got it right, you won't color outside the lines. It convinces you to drop a sizable amount of your paycheck on clothes that will flatter your figure, hair dye in every shade because you never know how you're going to wake up feeling. Maybe today you're purple, maybe tomorrow, orange is the way to go. Your demon nudges you every time you step on a scale, reminding you that you're only a couple pounds away from a major freak-out, even though you've promised yourself not to deny yourself food ever again. And because of your demon, you're left screaming in the street at 2 AM, informing the most recent man to walk out of your life of all the reasons he's given you to hate him. He calls you a psycho bitch, slams his bottle on the ground, and never looks back. You see your twisted face reflected back in its shards as you collapse in tears, and you've never felt so repulsive in your life. At 3 AM you're barricading the front door with your body, as if that would keep him from coming back, rather than the fact that he doesn't want to. Your hand is shaking despite the cigarette you're holding, and as you suck smoke into your lungs you swear you can still taste him in the back of your throat. It's not his fault, you remind yourself. It's mine. It's mine. Because it is. Because your exterior isn't all that's ugly. Your inner self emerged with all its issues, carried around like a garbage back slung over your shoulder. He was gone the moment you'd exposed your tics and insecurities, pushed away at your demon's urging. Dealing with a fractured person is always too much for a man who's not whole himself. If only there was some kind of signal to give when meeting a new person. A beacon flashing over your head: I'M NOT GONNA SOLVE YOUR PROBLEMS IF I CAN'T EVEN SOLVE MY OWN. Not that they'd ever get that. One look at you, and they're feverishly creating narratives in which you play the supporting role to their leading man, swooping in to save him from himself. They never believe that you're just as fucked-up as they are until you fly off the handle at some shit they say or do. Then you're no longer darling Clementine. Then you're just another crazy ex-girlfriend who deserves to be dumped on her ass. You start washing up the dishes at 4, scattering the remnants of the last meal you'd shared with him. Thank God tomorrow is the weekend- whatever that means. Maybe you'll go thrifting tomorrow. Or head out to a park or something. Or change your hair color. Anything to keep from thinking about what went wrong, or how to answer the age-old question of what do you want? What you really want, you think as you slide into bed, which still smells like him- what you really want is nice. You want someone who isn't going to treat you like shit. You want someone who'd never dream of telling you that you look better naked, or that you should shut up because you're embarrassing them in public. You want a man who'll put his arms around you, not because you expect him to, but because he wants to. You don't deserve nice, but by God, would it make you happy to have it. But you don't have it, so you cuddle up with your demon, because it's the only thing that refuses to abandon you. And you go to sleep wishing to find someone, some thing, that could drown its voice out for just one day, allowing you to breathe freely at last. AN: I didn't like Clementine the first time I saw this movie, but I've grown to feel sympathetic towards her, likely because I've known women who remind me of her. This could be an original story just as much as it's a fic. ","Summary":" You've never been pretty. Anyone who claims otherwise is lying to your face. Try as they might, the"},{"Movie":"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless M...","Title":"Photographs","Author":"Emily92","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5747607","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Notes: Written for 1sentence at LiveJournal. Disclaimer: These characters are not mine. Photographs 01 - Air Clementine alternately makes Joel feel so nervous and so excited, and consequently he sometimes forgets to breathe. 02 - Apples They had called her a bad apple when she was little, and she wished she could push that out of her mind. 03 - Beginning She doesn't remember how they met, but she sure is glad they did. 04 - Bugs Clementine is a slob, and it drives Joel nuts; he doesn't want to get bugs in his apartment. 05 - Coffee He drinks coffee, and she drinks tea; it's one of their numerous differences. 06 - Dark As they walked together one night, she glanced up at the sky and saw that it was dark. 07 - Despair \"Don't despair,\" he whispers to her one particularly difficult night, but she does anyway. 08 - Doors Maybe they would be okay again; maybe that particular door in Joel's life would reopen. 09 - Drink He wants to scream when she comes home drunk, but he rarely does. 10 - Duty Perhaps it had been fate's duty to see that Joel and Clementine met again. 11 - Earth If she could, Clementine would walk with Joel months and months, going through every inch of the Earth step by step. 12 - End She assumed that erasing him from her memory would be the end of him; she had been wrong. 13 - Fall Sometimes he gets tired of having to catch her when she purposely falls. 14 - Fire It was as if she was a fire, and he the water that killed her. 15 - Flexible She smiled as she recalled last night's discovery of just how flexible Joel's body was. 16 - Flying She was sure that Joel would be able to fly, in a metaphorical sense, if only he would allow himself to. 17 - Food She took him out to dinner that night; she was always coming up with new foods she wanted him to try. 18 - Foot He tickled her foot; she laughed. 19 - Grave He wore a grave expression that evening, and she knew that she had disappointed him yet again. 20 - Green Clementine's hair was green that day. 21 - Head She wants to know exactly what is going on in that head of his, but he's so quiet - does he ever talk, really? - and she wonders if she'll ever know. 22 - Hollow When he learned that Clementine had erased him from her memory all the air had rushed out of Joel's lung's, and he felt hollow inside. 23 - Honor She had failed to show up and hadn't honored the plans that they had made once again. 24 - Hope Joel comforting her when she's feeling down is like a glimmer of hope. 25 - Light After the procedure, she noticed that he seemed familiar and wanted to shed light on who he was. 26 - Lost They had been lost after they had both had the procedure, but then they both found their way back to one another. 27 - Metal She leaned against the metal to discover it was cold, just as he was. 28 - New Clementine was something new in Joel's monotone and routine driven life. 29 - Old Clementine had only known Joel for five minutes, but he felt like an old friend. 30 - Peace Sometimes her mind quits arguing with itself, and then she is at peace. 31 - Poison Sometimes she was like fresh air and other times she was like poison; he never knew which one it would be. 32 - Pretty \"You're pretty,\" he whispered, only to hear her soft reply of \"you're lying.\" 33 - Rain She had been outside in the rain, and little water droplets fell from her hair. 34 - Regret She regretted partying, going out late and coming back only god knows when, and being generally inconsiderate; she regretted loosing him. 35 - Roses He gave her roses, and she found it utterly predictable. 36 - Secret She had never voiced this fear before, but sometimes she worried that she wasn't good enough for him. 37 - Snakes She was wearing bracelets that resembled snakes, and he wondered where she had found them. 38 - Snow She couldn't believe he had never had a snow ball fight before and quickly came to the conclusion that she would have to remedy that. 39 - Solid He was solid and stable, something for her to lean on; for that, she was grateful. 40 - Spring Spring was a time for new beginnings, and maybe this was their spring. 41 - Stable He wished that their relationship was stable rather than a roller coaster ride of emotions; he had always been scared of thrill rides and didn't like that she forced their relationship to emulate one. 42 - Strange He felt strange and empty with Clementine gone. 43 - Summer One summer morning, she prepared a surprise picnic for the two of them, only to realize that Joel was gone. 44 - Taboo Her insecurities were a taboo subject, and he quickly learned t was better if he didn't bring them up. 45 - Ugly Clementine was beautiful; Joel wished she could see that. 46 - War She wished that they weren't at war with one another. 47 - Water \"My water broke,\" she said somewhat frantically, and the fact that he was going to be a father sunk in all over again. 48 - Welcome She made him feel as if he was welcome anywhere she went; he liked that. 49 - Winter Her bright hair contrasted against the white winter snow. 50 - Wood It was totally and completely cliché, but as she ran her fingers over the C + J engraved in the wood of the tree, she didn't care. ","Summary":" Author's Notes: Written for 1sentence at LiveJournal. Disclaimer: These characters are not mine. Ph"},{"Movie":"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless M...","Title":"If Joel and Clem Were In A Movie","Author":"Christine Writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6903859","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Last night I heard my own heart beating Sounded like footsteps on my stairs Six months gone and I'm still reaching Even though I know you're not there Joel couldn't believe that Clem had had him erased. It crushed his heart to think that she thought so little of their relationship. I was playing back a thousand memories baby Thinkin bout everything we've been through Maybe I've been going back too much lately When time stood still and I had you The pain caused by Clem's action had caused him to make the same choice. The debilitating pain would end soon. He wouldn't remember it. Come back come back come back to me here like You would you would if this was a movie Stand in the rain outside til I came out Wishing Clem would come back to him didn't help Joel, but it left him with a shred of hope that somehow, she would. Come back come back come back to me like You could you could if you just said you're sorry I know that we could work it out somehow But if this was a movie you'd be here by now If Clem had just come home and apologized for her rash actions in staying out late, and taking Joel's car, and wrecking it, maybe he wouldn't have been so mean to her. The ''what if's\" were killing him. I know people change and these things happen But I remember how it was back then Wrapped up in your arms and our friends are laughing Cause nothing like this ever happened to them Joel was now dragging Clem through memories, old and older, trying to keep her with him. Their friends hadn't understood why they loved each other. They couldn't have known how they were together. Now I'm pacing down the hall Chasing down the street Joel was chasing Clem down the street outside of his apartment as the world crashed around him. He wished the dream would stop so he and Clem could be happy again. Flashback to the night when you said to me Nothing's gonna change not for me and you Not before I knew how much I had to lose Clem had promised Joel that they weren't going to be a statistic of a couple who couldn't make it work. And yet, they were. Come back come back come back to me here like You would you would if this was a movie Stand in the rain outside til I came out Come back come back come back to me like You could you could if you just said you're sorry I know that we could work it out somehow But if this was a movie you'd be here by now If you're out there, if you're somewhere, if you're moving on I'd be waiting for you ever since you've been gone I just want it back the way it was before And I just wanna see you back at my front door Joel just wanted everything to be the way it had been before. Less fighting, of course, but if they'd paid more attention to each other instead of themselves, maybe it would have worked out better. And I'd say Come back come back come back to me here like You would before you said it's not that easy Before the fight, before I left you out But I'd take it all back now Joel wished he hadn't yelled at her. He took back everything mean he'd ever said to Clem. He wished he could tell her that. Come back come back come back to me here like You would you would if this was a movie Stand in the rain outside til I came out Come back come back come back to me like You could you could if you just said you're sorry I know that we could work it out somehow But if this was a movie you'd be here by now You'd be here by now It's not the kind of ending you wanna see now Baby what about the ending Oh I thought you'd be here by now oh ohh ohh ohh That you'd be here by now Suddenly, Clem was at his door. They had figured out the manipulation they had each gone through, and now they were together, forever. Nothing would ever separate them again, and as he and Clem walked down the street together, he thought about what a good movie the story would make. No one would believe it to be true. ","Summary":" Last night I heard my own heart beating Sounded like footsteps on my stairs Six months gone and I'm"},{"Movie":"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless M...","Title":"blue ruin","Author":"ProfessorSquirrell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8950071","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is dedicated to Paula. Because it is very likely that she is the only one who will read this as there appears to be no real Eternal Sunshine fandom on here… Sad. Her hair is blue. She's not sure if she likes it. It's dark, and it makes her look especially old and pale. And sad. The roots are still brown and dead looking, and the wrinkles around her mouth stand out prominently on paper-white skin. But she steadies herself against the bathroom sink, looks hard at her reflection in the toothpaste-spotted mirror and attempts to convince herself that she doesn't care. It's a lie; the inconvenient reality is that she cares too much. But she can ignore that. And besides, she tells herself, she kind of likes the boldness of the blue against her orange sweatshirt- complementary colors, bright and confident, masking the inner discord. A false sense of all rightness. A sore thumb on the train. But earlier she rummaged in her bathroom cabinet and found that box of hair dye she's been saving for a day like today. Because this morning she woke up and looked in the mirror and decided that she is blue. And not the beautiful kind. Not the kind of blue that people write songs about, the kind of blue that deserves its own section in the record store down town, that is accompanied by saxophones and shaking voices and tinged with a little hope. No. She's a blue ruin. And she's not sure why. There's a sinking feeling in her gut as though something terrible has happened, but she racks her brain, and nothing of importance comes to mind. And there's a void inside her chest that she's never felt before, gaping and devastating, evidence that something is missing. Something she can't quite put her finger on. Or a name on the tip of her tongue. It doesn't make any sense. And there are shapes in the dust on the mantelpiece that speak of photographs and coffee mugs, and weren't there two more potatoes sitting there yesterday? She could have sworn there were. Large and lumpy with little ill-fitting hats and lopsided smiles. But then again, maybe not. Perhaps she's imagining things. Perhaps she will go to work, and when she comes home, life will make sense again, somehow. All she knows is that she needs to get out of this apartment where everything and nothing is familiar. Barnes and Noble is too quiet. It allows her to think too much, and feel more confused. Her coworkers look at her sympathetically, and she wonders if her depression is that apparent on her face. Customers do a double take as they walk by and are met with a shock of blue. Who is she kidding? She totally cares. The silence is deafening, and the book titles start to become a blur, and she is relieved when a most welcome distraction walks through the door in the form of a guy . He's just a kid, really, but that's never bothered her before, and those wide blue eyes are so full of life, the way she wants to be, and so she accepts his attention without asking too many questions. \"I'm Patrick.\" \"I'm Clementine. No jokes about my name.\" \"But I have such a lovely singing voice.\" \"Really?\" \"No.\" They make small talk, and he's so eager and inexplicably determined that she smiles and gives him her number on the back of his receipt. She doesn't tell him she's not just a concept. And she doesn't tell him that she's just a fucked up girl looking for her own piece of mind. Because today, that's exactly what she is, and she's never actually believed that about herself before, and she doesn't think she could give a very convincing speech. She wanders her apartment and wonders. She wonders what is missing. Has she been robbed? And if she has, what did they take? \"Nothing makes any sense.\" He calls her Tangerine. She thinks it's cute. No one has ever called her that before. But when he says it, she hears someone else's voice, a ghost of a whisper holding onto that last syllable. Tanger ine . Clementine the tangerine. She shakes her head and meets Patrick's look of worry and puppy-dog adoration with an uncomfortable smile that he doesn't realize is completely fake. \"Let's go. The frozen Charles awaits.\" As if it could go anywhere. It's her constant in this life that, lately, is nothing but a jumble of missing moments and her crumbling reflection in the mirror. But she needs to see it now. She needs to see the river now. And lie down on the ice and lean her head back to watch the headlights of upside down cars as they drive right on by. To trace the cracks beneath the surface with her fingers. To watch her breath rise in the cold. Patrick is too supportive of this venture. And he doesn't know any constellations. He doesn't listen when she tries to point one out to him. Instead, he says the most beautiful things… in a deadpan, emotionless voice, and something isn't fucking right . And she wants to go home. \"But we just got here.\" \"I want to go home. I want to go home. We're going home.\" \"…okay…\" This is supposed to be new and exciting. So why doesn't it feel that way? Why does the hole in her chest seem to grow with every compliment Patrick pays her? And why does she get so offended by the word \"nice\"? And she realizes as she blinks back tears and rubs a space on the windshield that she doesn't have a constant anymore. Or maybe, just maybe, it was never really the Charles River. Maybe, she will find her constant somewhere else. Like Montauk. Montauk? Why Montauk? she thinks, as she waves goodnight to a very confused but ever the adoring Patrick and bolts the door behind him. She doesn't know, but she's determined to find out, and she calls in sick to her job. Her boss doesn't ask any questions which is highly disconcerting. And in the morning she catches the first train to Montauk even though everyone knows there's nothing to see there in February. ","Summary":" This is dedicated to Paula. Because it is very likely that she is the only one who will read this a"},{"Movie":"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless M...","Title":"Because We're Meant for Each Other","Author":"MishaMETAL","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6637039","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Because We're Meant for Each Other Joel had been dreaming for days. His dreams were vague but familiar, and Clementine was always in them since the day they had learned they had erased each others minds of their relationship. He had assumed that he was starting to remember certain memories of her because he knew about her, but he tried to believe that his imagination was fictionalizing their time together as a couple. Yet, as he was getting to know her again, he knew there were feelings he had about her. He knew these were not fictionalized in any form, but true feelings that would forever stay with him, even if he had gotten her erased again. It had happened once, so why wouldn't it happen again, if time and space wanted them to be together, despite their differences. They were seeing each other again, cautiously. They each heard their own voices in pure hatred for each other on the tapes and they weren't sure if it would work again, but they knew there was an undying force keeping them together. They had went on casual dates, no certain strings to mold a stereotype name for them. Girlfriend. Joel had been staring at the page of writing he had found underneath his mattress for weeks when he was not with her. The word girlfriend was written between constant words of passion. There was no sign of hatred, no complaints about her irrational behaviors. There was just unconditional love. Clementine. The name was stuck in his mind for weeks. There was no doubt in his mind what he felt about her... again. Joel had been listening to a mixed tape Clementine had gave to him and a strange song came on. he had wondered why she liked it, but he was understanding that Clementine would like anything strange, and he was beginning to like that about her. \"Wada Na Tod\" by Lata Mangeshkar was the name of this particular song. Indian music. It was catchy in it's own cultural way and if he were indian he would have loved it, but for now he would only like it, because she liked it. Clementine was coming over today and for the 40th time he was getting extremely nervous. He was always nervous around her and he knew this had probably never changed since the erasing. There was a knock on his door and he fumbled to turn the stereo off as he got up to greet her. \"Why are we doing this?\" She said loudly as soon as the door opened, startling Joel, because as she said this she was pushing the door before he was even finished opening it and pushed her way inside. Joel stuttered, not knowing what to say to this. She was intimidating and it was even harder for him to look her in the eye and reply. She was eyeing him impatiently as if she had expected him to answer her abrupt question. As Joel started to open his mouth she forced another question at him, \"Why are we going on these stupid dates? Haven't we each decided to erase each other from our lives because we couldn't stand each other? Why would anyone ever get back together as if nothing happened, even after they knew the reasons behind erasing each other?\" Clementine was waiting for him to say something and when he didn't she turned around in anger, scoffing, \"This is fucked up bullshit!\" Joel watched as she poured herself a tall glass of whisky, and chugging it down as if it were a cold glass of water. How can she do that? Joel thought to himself as he sulked by the door, watching her get drunk quicker than the average alcoholic in town. Clementine finished and slammed the glass on the table in front of her and continued to stare at him. Joel didn't know what to do, or say, until he looked away from her gaze. He saw the paper of scribbled words and decided to walk over to it. he handed her the paper and she hesitantly took it, turning her gaze to the paper, no longer angry but instead very curious. \"Because we're meant for each other.\" Joel said with his mousy voice as he stared out the window. This made her look up at him, stunned and strangely out of things to say. She looked at the paper again, examining, reading, focusing on the words written down. She could feel her body shaking. It was getting harder to breath and she knew she was starting to cry. \"I love Clementine, she's my everything, my girlfriend, my lover, my...\" Clementine's voice was scratchy as she cried and read out the words he had written about her, and the next word made her laugh, \"My Psychopath.\" Joel stared at her with a shy smile. \"I can't believe i have found her, my soul mate. She smiles, my heart melts. She screams, my heart melts. She's angry, my heart melts. She's wrong, my heart melts...\" Clementine was starting to find it hard to breath even more as she read on. She had to stop and as she realized this she threw the paper down, not meaning for it to look wrong. She was confused and for the first time in her life she felt intimidated by this man. She couldn't look at him, and she knew he was looking at her and this unnerved her. She was gasping for breath now as she ran for the door. \"Wait!\" Joel's voice was behind her and she didn't stop for it. Her mind was a mess and she didn't know where she was going and there was a sudden force that stopped her and she hit the hallway wall in tears. Joel had grabbed her, forcing her to stay there. There was a struggle and neither knew why but they were fighting each other. Clementine was fighting to get his hands off of her and Joel was fighting to keep her still. \"Stop.\" Joel's mousy voice was back. It was a weak struggle, because Clementine was getting tired and Joel didn't want to hurt her. His face was freakishly close to hers and they could feel each others breaths. Somewhere in the struggle they're lips touched and this sudden contact made both of them suddenly stop struggling. Neither moved away and neither moved closer. They stood there feeling each slow breath that they took, still touching slightly. Their hearts were racing and suddenly they're breathing had hitched and Joel had made the first move. His kiss was tentative, and yet it was forceful. Clementines body shuddered and her hands flew up over his head. They were struggling to meat each other now, spiritually. Soon they have found it and all they could do was kiss each other in passion. When they separated for breath, they both knew that this felt right and they were smiling. Clementine and Joel started to giggle now, knowing what this meant and Clementine felt herself laughing to tears and Joel knew these were not happy tears, because she was starting to pout. \"How are we going to do this, Joel? How am I going to... not be me again?\" Joel smiled sadly, \"We'll just have to deal with it, i guess.\" They giggled together again in this bittersweet moment and soon they were slowly going back to Joel's apartment in silence. Joel smiled at Clementine as he closed the door behind them, leaving only the hallway they're gift of lovely moments they would leave behind, and only a future more would soon await. ","Summary":" Because We're Meant for Each Other Joel had been dreaming for days. His dreams were vague but famil"},{"Movie":"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story","Title":"We're Back Again! Another Dinosaur's Story","Author":"Dragon1892","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11682918","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ... ","Summary":" ..."},{"Movie":"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story","Title":"Asking Her Out","Author":"badboylover24","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9353781","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Asking Her Out Summary: A Rex/Elsa romance. I don't own the characters or movie; if I did, the couple would definitely be kissing besides Louie and Cecilia. I've loved the movie since I was a child and have been supportive of the pairing ever since. In this fanfic, Rex realizes his feelings for Elsa and finally decides to ask her out. Will she say yes? ~*~RE~*~ Rex sighed silently as he silently watched Elsa sat in her armchair and read one of her favorite books. Ever since the day they first met to the night they beat Professor Screweyes, he had started to feel strong feelings towards the Pterodactyl. They way she smiled at him…her batting his eyelashes at her…how close she would get to her…he can tell they're definite signs that she's crushing on him. What he didn't get is why she, the flyer and the only female of the gang, would be attracted to an earth-dweller like him. Sure, Dweeb sometimes has a tendency to be a bit…well, odd. And Woog…well, he thinks with his stomach. And it's true that both Rex and Elsa are carnivores. But still…why him? The T-Rex then asked Louie and Cecelia about it, and they told him that he's special in Elsa's eyes. It doesn't have to be the fact that he's a born leader or the fact that his species is considered the \"King of the Dinosaurs\". It probably has to be something inside of him that she sees and has attracted her to him. All Rex has to know is that he likes Elsa as much as she likes him. Now he just had to pop her the question. No, not the proposal question; the date question. They haven't gone that far yet! With a couple of breathers, Rex went up to Elsa and cleared his throat. \"Uh…hi, Elsa.\" He felt his heart skip a beat or two when she looked up at him and smiled at him sweetly. \"Rex,\" she greeted him back. \"I was wondering when you would show up; I haven't seen since this morning.\" \"I, uh, was talking to Louie and Cecilia,\" he explained, rubbing the back of his neck. \"I was having some…thoughts on my mind.\" She frowned at his explanation. \"Is everything alright?\" she asked, worry obviously in her voice. \"Yeah, yeah,\" he answered quickly, sitting down on the giant beanbag next the armchair. \"Everything's fine, really.\" He sighed sadly before looking up at her again. \"I'm sorry, Elsa. I didn't mean to upset you like that.\" Rex then placed his hand on hers without realizing it…until he saw Elsa look down at it with a slight blush. He then looked down and saw what he did. \"Oh, jeez!\" he said, pulling away with a red face. \"I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to…well, I wanted to…I mean, uh…\" \"Rex, calm down,\" Elsa said, placing her hand on his cheek. \"Just tell me what's troubling.\" Rex can see in the female dinosaur's eyes that she really wants to help him with any problem he has…all because she's in love with him. So he took a deep breath before letting it out. \"Sorry,\" he answered calmly. \"It's just that I was wondering if you'd like to go out this Friday night, but it's not going as I planned.\" Elsa's face became pink which Rex finds just too adorable to resist. \"You mean…like a date?\" \"Ye-Yeah…I mean, I get it if you're busy that night. I—\" \"I love to.\" He stopped and turned to her with surprise. \"Really?\" \"Sure,\" she replied with a smile before kissing him on the cheek. \"I'll see you then.\" As she then left, Rex gingerly placed his hand on his cheek where the Pterodactyl kissed him before falling back in a faint. Elsa just turned to him and smiled sweetly at his reaction. He's just so cute like that… ","Summary":" Asking Her Out Summary: A Rex/Elsa romance. I don't own the characters or movie; if I did, the coup"},{"Movie":"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story","Title":"The Real Reason He Ran Away","Author":"JasmineD799","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7998221","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a cool evening in New York City, Rex and the other Dinosaurs were happily resting in their exhibit after having a long day of playing and talking to little children. They loved making their wishes come true. As Woog, Dweeb, and Elsa prepared to go to sleep. Rex headed over towards the window to look at the beautiful New York City. The night sky was filled with stars, and the city lights were shinning brightly making the city shimmer and shine. Rex sighed softly. He missed his friend Louie who had gone back to his parents. He hoped he would see his friend again soon. It had been 2 days since Louie and Cecilia left. Rex's thought's were interupted as he heard a door open. He turned and saw a small boy coming in, tears streaming down his cheeks. It was Louie. Rex, was shocked seeing him in this state. He bent down to Louie's level. \"Louie?\" The boy looked up at the Dinosaur his eyes were red. He had been crying. \"Louie? What's wrong? What are you doing here?\" Rex asked him in a concerned voice. \"They're gone.\" Louie replied in a small voice. Rex tilted his head in confusion. \"Who?\" \"My parents.\" Louie replied. Rex froze when he heard the boy's words. It couldn't be true. His parents couldn't be gone. His thoughts were interupted again when Louie pulled out a newspaper from his jacket, showing it to his friend. Rex took the paper and read aloud. \"A couple was killed about 2 weeks ago in a car crash. Their only child went missing 3 weeks before the crash. The couple spent most of their time looking for their child before they died. Police reported that the mother was 4 weeks pregnant when she was killed in the crash.\" Rex's eyes widened in shock. He looked down at the boy who fell to his knees crying. \"It's all my fault!\" He cried. \"If I hadn't run away it wouldn't have happened! How could I have been so stupid!\" \"Hey, hey, hey,\" Rex said gently. \"You're not stupid Louie, you didn't know this would happen.\" \"I-I never told you the real reason I ran away.\" Louie said. Rex looked down at the boy in confusion. Louie sighed. \"They were expecting a new baby. Eversince my mom found out she was pregnant all she could do was talk about it. She acted as if I were invisible. She and my dad did nothing but everything ready for the baby. I was just jealous, because I thought that the baby was going to get all the attention. I felt like they barely even knew I was there. When I got home. I found that paper, and I found some police papers on the table with my name and picture on it. And I realized they had been looking for me Rex! It's all my fault!\" Louie began to cry again. He leaped at Rex's leg and buried his face against it crying. Rex looked down at the boy, and he bent down to his level. \"Aw Louie. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry that this happened.\" Rex replied to him softly. \"Rex what'll I do? What if I have to go to an orphan inch? I can't go to an orphan inch! I can't!\" Louie cried. \"You won't go to an orphan inch Louie.\" Rex said softly. Louie looked up at him. \"Really?\" Rex nodded. \"Stay here with us. We'll take care of you.\" He said. Louie's eyes widened when he heard this. \"R-Really? You'd do that? For me?\" \"Of course I would Louie. We're best pals remember?\" said Rex. Louie smiled. \"Thanks Rex. You're the best friend I ever had.\" He said. Rex smiled, he gently wiped away a tear from Louie's eye. \"That's why I'm here.\" He replied. \"Louie, before we came to this earth. I heard your wish to have a friend on Professor Neweyes' wish radio. I came here to make that wish come true.\" Louie smiled warmly at him. \"And you did Rex.\" He replied. \"Thank you so much.\" Rex smiled back at the boy. \"You're welcome kiddo.\" He replied. Louie smiled as Rex wrapped his tail around the boy's waist. Louie yelped in suprise when his feet left the ground. The dinosaur gently set the boy on the top of his snout. Louie smiled and Rex carried him back to the Dinosaur Exhibit. Then rex gently took the boy in his tail again and set him on a large pillow that was made for the dinosaur's to sleep on. Louie smiled and laid down, he yawned instantly falling asleep. Rex smiled at the boy and he gently brushed Louie's long bangs back, and whispered \"goodnight Louie.\" The boy smiled in his sleep and stirred slightly. \"Thanks Rex.\" He muttered in his sleep softly. Rex laid down happily next to the boy slowly drifting off to sleep. The end... This idea just came to me after I watched the movie yesterday lol! I haven't seen it in forever! XD! It's a really good movie! Lol! Hope you liked this! R&R; Plzz! :) ","Summary":" It was a cool evening in New York City, Rex and the other Dinosaurs were happily resting in their e"},{"Movie":"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story","Title":"Paronomasia","Author":"horrendoushaddock","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11000907","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own We're Back, I'm just playing with someone else's toys. As per usual. A/N: This was supposed to be a drabble, but apparently I can't drabble anymore. This was also inspired by all those silly dinosaur thesaurus gag panels out there. Paronomasia He had been living in New York long enough to know by now that not everyone would take so kindly to Tyrannosaurus Rex wandering around the city in the middle of the night. Years ago, the mismatched and wayward herd he'd found himself a part of had lucked out when they met Louie and Cecilia. Those two children had been some of the most open-minded human beings they had ever come to know. It was true that they all still displayed themselves at the museum, but the reaction there had become expected. The children that came to see them were the ones that wished and dreamed of nothing more than to see real, live dinosaurs. When they revealed themselves, the children, newcomers and frequent visitors alike, were hardly ever scared. So, it went without saying that when unsuspecting adults happened upon them, in or out of what could be considered their natural habitats now, the reaction wasn't always pleasant. Most wound up screaming and running, a few took to fainting, and every now and then there was someone who laughed and talked themselves out of what they were seeing, carrying on like nothing out of the ordinary had happened. Thankfully, there had never been a repeat of the parade, or an incident that even came close to that. However, this young man in particular was worrying Rex to some degree. The others hadn't come out tonight, and so it was only he and Louie wandering the outskirts of the city. Or, at least, that had been the plan. They hadn't expected to meet anybody out here, so far away from the rest of the city. But, if there was one thing Rex had come to learn quickly during his time in the city and in the 20th century, it was that it was always best to expect the unexpected. Now, if only this stranger had the same mindset. Maybe then, when he bumped into Louie, and then looked up to see Rex behind him, he wouldn't have wound up in such a troubled state. He wasn't screaming, wasn't trying to run, wasn't laughing or talking to himself. In fact, Rex was pretty sure he was having trouble remembering to breathe, given the way he was just standing there, fish-mouthed and gaping at him. \"...is he alright?\" he asked, and the question was directed at Louie, whom seemed to be a little more amused than he was worried. \"What? Yeah, don't sweat it,\" he shrugged and stepped closer to the stranger, waving a hand in front of his face. \"He's just a little surprised, that's all.\" \"I think he's more than a little surprised,\" Rex noted, leaning down to be a little closer to Louie, and the young man. \"I think he's in shock.\" \"Well, get your face outta his face!\" Louie snapped, shoving an elbow back at Rex's snout. The dinosaur, however, didn't budge. Instead, he furrowed his brow and stared hard at the young man. \"Breathe,\" he instructed, hoping that would help. The man in front of him did, at the very least, gasp. \"That's good! Inhale...\" The young man took another, sharper breath. \"Exhale,\" Rex said. Either because he could no longer contain his hitched breath, or because he was cooperating with the tyrannosaur, the stranger exhaled. \"Good! Use your lungs.\" The young man did, in fact, begin to take slow, steady breaths. Clearly, seeing a living, talking dinosaur had been too much for him. \"What're you, a T-Rex or a thesaurus ?\" Louie quipped, twisting to shove both hands against Rex's snout, urging him to lean back up. While he didn't really care about this stranger's well-being, he did think it was probably in everybody's best interest if Rex leaned up and away from him. Once Rex did this, the stranger finally turned on his heel and made a beeline into the opposite direction. He still didn't scream, but at the very least, he was breathing much more than he had seemed to be when he happened upon the pair. In fact, for one moment, Rex worried he would overwork his lungs. Then what Louie had said sunk in, and he turned his gaze away from the retreating, shocked stranger, down to the human teenager by his feet. \"That wasn't funny.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own We're Back, I'm just playing with someone else's toys. As per usual. A/N: T"},{"Movie":"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story","Title":"That Awkward First Meeting","Author":"Blackmoondragon1415","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8135571","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story. This was one of the older things I had lying around on my hard drive. There are others, and I might possibly expand on this a little, but for right now, here this is. My reason being for uploading is that I felt we needed to see some traffic in this archive. Take it as you will, and enjoy. That Awkward First Meeting: Rex fidgeted nervously as the elevator went higher into the time-ship. Vorb had mentioned something about a lunch and meeting some of the other dinosaurs that had been given the Brain Grain. At the moment though, Rex doubted he could have eaten anything; his stomach was doing the biggest of somersaults. The elevator came to a stop with a cheerful sounding ding, and Rex caught sight of several other dinosaurs at the end. There sure weren't any t-rexes like him. There was a Pterodactyl, a Triceratops, and a Parasaurolophus, all the things he used to regard as a 5-course meal. He was sure he had chased them at least once. Would they remember him, though…? \"Now I gotta go see Captain Neweyes!\" Vorb jabbered happily, pushing the uneasy dino off the elevator. \"C'mon, get social!\" How am I supposed to be social with someone I might've tried to eat ? Rex thought, but decided to give it a try. They had already looked in his direction, so it was pointless to run. \"H-Hi everybody.\" He stammered like a nervous kindergartener on the first day of school. Snatching the name tag Vorb had given him, he attempted to puzzle out what was on it before realizing that he was holding it upside down. Mentally kicking himself for the error, he flipped it right-side up, and then, to his surprise, he was able to read it almost perfectly! \"He-Hello…My…name…is…Rex!\" Elated by the success, he walked a little closer, exclaiming \"Hey, how'd I do that?\" \"Hello, my name is Elsa, enchanted and delighted to make your acquaintance, Rex.\" The Pterodactyl said as she leaned casually back against him, making his stomach do another few flip-flops. \"Oh, pardon my wingspan, will you please?\" He nodded, and spread his arms a little wider. \"Y-Yeah, ok.\" \"Hey, I'm Woog.\" The triceratops introduced, holding a few of the things the group had been eating up to his nose. \"Do you want a hot dog or do you want a hot dog?\" Rex, having never seen or smelled a hot dog before in his life, exuberantly inhaled the unfamiliar yet appetizing scent. The next thing he realized was that one had actually gone up a nostril with the smell. Trying to cover the awkward moment, he casually asked 'Is it good?' before snatching out the food and hiding it behind his back with an awkward smile. \"Words fail me.\" Woog replied between bites. \"How many we had so far, Dweeb?\" \"250, and that's with everything.\" The Parasaurolophus, Dweeb, eagerly replied, moving to get more. \"Take it on faith, Rex, you want a hot dog.\" Woog said proffering the hot dogs once more. \"Hi, I'm Dweeb.\" Dweeb said, then turned to his own hot dog, shaking some yellow goop on it, although Rex couldn't imagine why. \"This one's gonna have mustard on it.\" \"You have to try the sour krout. I was amazed by the sour krout.\" Elsa cut in fondly. \"She laid an egg.\" Woog snickered at the side of the conversation while Rex stood nervously by, caught between a case of mild amusement and uncertain of what to say about the whole thing. Elsa glared at the triceratops, then said to Rex with quick laugh. \"I did! I laid an egg. I was so embarrassed .\" Then she suddenly got an odd look her eye. What's she doing? Rex asked himself uneasily, as Elsa flew up so that she was practically nose-to-nose with him. \"Rex, I feel like such a fool but I must say that you are a rough and handsome fellow. Forgive me, I'm so flighty.\" Rex was now more than just a little uneasy, and his stomach wouldn't stop doing backflips. Did this mean that he was making a good first impression, or was he completely messing this up? He chuckled nervously before moving to an empty spot in the circle. Inhaling the tantalizing aroma, Rex made himself comfortable while Dweeb handed him a hot dog. \"Sounds good.\" He took a bite, and was instantly met with a wonderful taste sensation that sent his taste buds on a five-star buffet. \"Hey! Now that's what I call…LUNCH!\" He roared the last word, making the ship tremble with the sound. \"Lunch! That's what you used to call me.\" Dweeb remarked, and instantly, Rex felt his good mood sink with guilt. So he had chased one of them, and now he felt pretty bad over it, even though he really could not have helped it back then. He knew there was really no way to say sorry, but he felt like he had to try anyway. \"Sorry about the way I acted. I was a real animal.\" \"We all have regrets, Rex.\" Elsa comforted, draping a wing on his shoulder to emphasize her point. Rex nodded in agreement, giving a small, wane smile in the pteradactyl's direction. \"Tell me about it!\" Woog cried out suddenly, drawing all eyes to him. \"The things I've stepped on!\" He lifted up a foot to reveal a soundly squashed little lizard. When he noticed Rex wince at the sight, he put his foot back down with a nervous chuckle. \"Let's face it, we're evolved.\" Dweeb said, summing up the mood. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story. This was one of the older things I had lyin"},{"Movie":"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story","Title":"Life Goes On","Author":"Blackmoondragon1415","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4738316","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey. Thought I'd drop back into the waters of fanfiction for a while after working on a few of my original ideas. This I had on my PC for a while, and I thought the site needed a few more stories about this simply great[couldn't think of any other way to describe it] movie. Well, to sum it up, I don't own We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story. Any characters here that were not mentioned in the movie are mine. Thank you and goodnight. Life Goes On At first it seemed as though Rex was just engaging in one of his favorite hobbies, a quick game of golf before it got too dark to see the ball. He happened to pass by the tree from which he had met Buster, a baby bird that had been trying to run away to the circus. He looked up for a moment to see if he could get a glimpse of the blue birds that had once lived there before shaking his head. That had been years ago. The tree itself looked as though it were on its last legs, just blowing in the wind like a weatherworn memory. He went on to the next hole, a quiet, long stretch of grass near the edge of the golf course. Rex was about to send the ball on a one way ticket to the other end of the inner green when he stopped and squinted into the darkness. Even in the greatly dimming light, his eyes had picked up the faintest hint of movement on the sidewalk over the fence. Sighing lightly, Rex gave a small grin as he headed over to the fence, where the midnight black-haired teenage girl had her face pressed to the wire, watching him come over. \"Am I gonna find the NYPD out looking for you when I bring you home?\" \"Naw, I was the only one home tonight. Grandma and Grandpa are out at a fancy party or something like that. Thought I'd drop by and see if you were here.\" She replied, a wide grin on her face. Rex effortlessly maneuvered his tail over the fence, and she latched on it like a squirrel to a tree as he moved her carefully over to his side. \"So, how'd your game go?\" She asked, following him over to the green as though this were some odd routine that they followed daily. \"Same as always.\" He replied airy, letting the driver swing gracefully down, sending the ball and part of the divot about two-thirds of the way down the course. \"Good swing.\" The girl comment, awed as always by the reptile's skill at this game. \"Gotta go get it in the hole though, or it won't count, right?\" \"That's right.\" Rex responded, and the two were about to go down the course when a loud boom from overhead made them both look up. The dark clouds that had accumulated over the course of the day finally broke out in a loud flash. \"Wanna go looking for the ball in the rain, or do you think we should leave?\" The teenager asked, to which another boom from the sky halted any thoughts about attempting to recover the ball. \"Climb on, Jacqueline, and hold on tight.\" Rex instructed, helping the nimble teenager climb up to a comfortable spot on his back as the first few drops of rain came down. Rex made a run for the covered area of the golf cart garage, making it just before it really started to come down. \"Guess it'll be awhile before we can go, huh?\" Jacqueline asked into the silence. \"'Fraid so. Unless you want to try to run home.\" Rex teased, to which the teenager gave a light squeal of mock fear. \"Go out in that? No way, Rex, that's crazy with a capital C.\" Rex laughed for a second before letting her off his back, and the two settled down for what might be a long wait. There was a slight silence as they listened to the rain and thunder outside the garage. Rex flinched at the huge, explosion-like boom. Jacqueline, finding this as a source of amusement, laughed softly before playfully elbowing the T-Rex with a quick-witted 'Didn't know that you were afraid of thunder.' Then she grew silent for a few minutes. \"Rex?\" \"Yes?\" \"What were my parents like?\" Rex paused for a moment. Part of him wished that she didn't ask this so much, considering that it dredged up a lot of bad memories along with the good. So, he did his best to answer her question, all the while with a chorus of his own memories whirling around in his mind like leaves scattered on the breeze. --------- It had been around ten years since Louie and Cecilia had first met, even though to the dinosaurs it seemed like a year or two. And here their friends were, now getting married! Rex couldn't have been more awed by the complex and beautiful arrangements made for the couple, from the actually wedding to the reception. He did manage to get in a few words to his friend at the reception. Hey, nobody had told him about the crowds that flocked around people who just got married. \" Congratulations, Louie!\" He exclaimed as he proffered a clawed hand in a friendly shake. \" Thanks Rex. I'm glad you guys could make it!\" Louie replied as he clapped both hands on his own, giving him a good strong handshake before the two looked over and happened to catch Elsa, who had somehow gotten through a crowd of brides maids to give Cecilia her own best wishes. Woog was amazing a group of bystanders by devouring most of the food, and Dweeb was helping him with that plight. Both had already given their congrats to the happy couple. \" Wouldn't have missed this for the world!\" Rex answered. It was true. Even if Screweyes himself had tried to stop him, he still would have gone. \"So, how're the newlyweds?\" \" We couldn't be happier.\" Louie said with a charming smile, his dark blue eyes overflowing with contentment and exhilaration. Rex couldn't help but smile himself; the moods at these things were really catching! --------- About two years later, Louie and Cecilia had moved into a small apartment in New York, not that far away from the museum. Cecilia had taken a job as a museum guide, while Louie made money by getting a job at a local garage fixing cars. It might not have been the glamorous job, but it paid the bills and put food on the table, so he took it without complaint. They did come to the museum when they had the time, and the dinosaurs didn't mind the sometimes long patches of time between visits. Then, one day, Louie came running into the museum with some very mind-blowing news. \" Cecilia is pregnant!\" At first, the dinosaurs had no idea about babies, or how you got them, but they were given the less appealing parts of the process through a very embarrassed Louie and a few other sources. Despite the initial touchiness of the origins, they were overjoyed at the prospect of their friends having a baby. They helped as best they could through the nine months of growth and development as Cecilia's middle grew bigger and bigger, along with the baby inside her. The dinosaurs were utterly amazed when Louie brought them pictures from when Cecilia had her ultrasounds. \" It's pretty small.\" Dweeb remarked simply, while Woog nodded in agreement as he too remarked about the overall size. \" That's the feet, right?\" Woog asked, gesturing to the delicate looking appendages. Louie nodded, pride in his gaze. \" You can just make out the head if you look right about here.\" Elsa cooed as she traced the outline of the fetus's forming skull. Rex watched these pictures with wonder. It was small, but it was a life. That in itself was a wondrous thing. He couldn't wait for the little one to be born. In the last few days of Cecilia's nine months, she was accompanying Rex and Louie out on the golf course. Well, Rex namely, Louie was more there to get himself and his wife out of the house and get some fresh air. Cecilia happened to be sitting in the golf cart while Rex was trying to teach Louie how to drive the ball. His friend gave a frustrated grunt as the club slammed into the ground more than the ball. \" No, no, like this…\"The reptile said exasperatedly as he demonstrated the swing again. Louie, determined to get it right, swung again, this time completely missing the ball and the ground, flipping himself over with the force, and winding up sprawled on the ground. Cecilia laughed softly from her vigil in the cart, and Rex had to stifle a few chuckles himself as he watched the flustered young man get to his feet, completely unaware of the large grass stain going down the back of his otherwise completely white shirt. Suddenly the comical moment was interrupted by a gasp from Cecilia. \" Cecilia, what's the matter?\" Louie asked, noting the pained look on his wife's face. \" My water broke.\" The reptile and human could never recall moving faster than they had to help Cecilia off the golf cart and into the back of the small little Volvo that the couple soon-to-be family owned. Cecilia let out a panting groan, startling the t-rex. He had never seen a human mother in labor, but his first impression was that it was painful process, and he had to admit it did scare him. Louie caught his spooked friend's eye as he started the ignition. \" Rex, go get the others. We'll be at the Saint Joseph's Hospital.\" He managed to utter before another moan from Cecilia made him hit the gas and speed out of the parking lot, leaving a very shaken dino in his wake. Rex probably broke at least five different records on his dash back to the museum, but at the moment, he was too focused on the task at hand to really think about it. He burst through the museum's back doors, startling a few of the afternoon visitors, and instantly made for the dinosaurs' concealed apartments in the back. To his great luck, they all happened to be in the same area, Elsa painting, and Dweeb and Woog were hard at work with a journalism article that they would be handing into the NY Times that Friday. He skidded on the slick waxed floors as he came in, panting and looking for all the world like the Devil himself were after him. \" Cecilia…having baby…right now….at Saint Joseph's Hospital…\" He managed to choke out in between rushed gasps for air. The room had instantly burst into a flurry of activity. The other three dinosaurs each pretty much dropped whatever they were doing and all rushed out with him. It took them about twenty minutes to track down the hospital, thanks to Elsa having the advantage of a higher vigil, and Woog happened to help them find it by accident when he found a supermarket that was right next door. They rushed up to the door, and gave Louie and Cecilia's name to a very flabbergasted nurse. \" She'll be in the room with a large window. Her husband requested that room. You should be able to see it as soon as you go around to the back of the building.\" \" Thanks.\" Rex replied for the group as they rushed around to the window in question. Neither of the couple was there yet; Cecilia must still be in the delivery room, as he'd heard Louie call it. \" What do we do now?\" Woog thought aloud, worry evident in his usually upbeat voice. \" Wait for them to come in, I guess.\" Rex replied, settling down under the window for what was sure to be an agonizingly long wait. Elsa kept watch on the window sill, while the others were all listening for their friends to come in. Rex was going over a few of the complications with birth that he had happened to hear, and right now he was praying that none of them would actually occur during this delivery. He must have dozed off sometime before they came, because the next thing he knew, it was sunset, and Dweeb was tapping him on the shoulder saying 'They're here! They're here!' He instantly stood up to see if all had turned out well, and was met with a very relieving scene. Cecilia was sitting in the bed, garbed in hospital gown, and cradling a blue blanketed bundle that they were looking at with an air of pride. \" C'mon and meet Jacqueline, guys.\" Louie said, carefully cradling the bundle as he carried it over to the awestruck dinosaurs. Rex looked into the blanket and could swear he felt his heart melt. What looked up at him was a baby's face, cooing and smiling up at him. He lightly probed his claw, being careful not to poke the tender-looking skin. To his surprise, the beaming baby girl reached right up and grabbed his finger in her little hand. \" Hi Jacqueline. The name's Rex.\" He said softly, giving the child his own little grin. -------- Cecilia had talked Louie into doing it, that's how he had made it sound. Either way, the two were going overseas to attend the wedding of one of Cecilia's cousins. \" Don't tell her this, but I'm only going for the wine.\" Louie had joked with Rex, causing the two to go into an uproar of laughter, and Elsa, who happened to hear him, tried to cuff him lightly with her wing. A few weeks later, the two were ready to leave. Jacqueline was staying behind with the Nuthatches, since they had reasoned that the free-spirited child would be bored at the wedding. The dinosaurs and child had come to see them off at the airport. \" Hey, Rex, take care of Jacqueline for us until we get back.\"Louie said, a hand on his daughter's head.\"You guys too.\" He added to the others, whom the child looked at with pure innocence and trust. They had become somewhat of an extended family to the girl over the years. \" No problem, Louie.\" Rex promised, adding in a small salute for the extra effect. The little three-year-old hung by his feet, waving spiritedly to her mother and father. They each gave her one last hug and kiss before going into the airport to catch their plane. The dinosaurs and child waved after the two, unaware that this was the last time they would see the two. -------------- \" Rex! REX! HEY WAKE UP!!\" The reptile shot up in bed as the furious pounding sounded on his door. From the voice he could tell that it was Dweeb, but what had worked up the Parasaurolophus was a complete mystery to him. Maybe they had run out of hotdogs? Rex lurched over to the door and pulled it open, causing the greatly vexed dino to fall face-first onto the floor. \" Dweeb? What's going on? Is everyone alright?\" \" It's Louie and Cecilia!\" The smaller dino practically wailed, looking up at Rex with very shaken eyes. \"Their plane crashed!\" Right then and there, Rex's world fell apart to that one word. Crashed. Dead. ---------- As soon as Rex heard the news, he went over to the Nuthatch's building. He had to see if Jacqueline knew, and if she did, was she alright? Using most of the back ways and alleys, he managed to get to the towering skyscraper, and apparently not a moment too soon. A small, black-haired blur darted out onto the sidewalk, sobs pouring from it like a waterfall. Thinking fast, Rex swiped up the crying toddler with his tail, trying to be as gentle as possible as he pulled her close to him, just to get a look at her. If she was crying, if she had heard, then it was all over. Then he would know that this wasn't just a sick joke. Jacqueline stared up at him, crystal blue eyes clouded over by tears. Her face portrayed a heartbroken, parent-less child in great need of a shoulder to cry on. Rex felt the world catch up to him in a sickening rush, starting with one simple fact. Her parents, his friends, were gone, never to return. And with that, the child completely broke down, sobbing uncontrollably into Rex's chest. He could feel his own heart breaking, and a tear slid from his eye, falling on the girl's sleeve, soundly drenching it. To his amazement, she stopped, and looked up at his face in surprise. She hadn't expected Rex, who was the one that always smiled, always upbeat no matter what the situation, to cry. He just never did. Rex knew, for her sake, he should stop crying, but the tears still fell regardless of what he did. His friends were gone, and nothing and no one could bring them back. Jacqueline, suddenly seeming to possess compassion long beyond her toddler years, reached up to his nose and gave him the best hug her little three-year-old arms could muster. The tyrannosaurus rex remembered when Louie and Cecilia had rescued him and the other dinosaurs from Screweyes's circus. Louie had given him a hug like the one that Jacqueline was giving him now. Right there and then, he could swear that it was Louie there. He lightly hugged her back, careful not to hurt the seemingly delicate toddler, who resumed her squeeze. It might have looked odd to any passerby, but the embrace was their first step towards healing. ------------------------------------- \"….Rex? Hey, earth to Rex, come in, Rex. This is earth calling. You there?\" Rex snapped out of the trancelike state, coming back to the present just in time to see Jacqueline looking at him with a raised eye. \"Honestly, it'd take an explosion to get your attention sometimes. I was trying to say that the rain let up a bit. No thunder anymore.\" The 13-year-old gestured to the open arch, where now only light bouts of rain fell. Even though the weather had improved, Rex still took off the large golf jacket that he had been given as a gift from the club he played at (A/N: You know, those high collared pure white ones they usually wear on top of the polo. Just trying to elaborate here.). Jacqueline's eyes widened in surprise as he draped it over her shoulders, almost like an overcoat to her. \"That sweatshirt won't keep the water off.\" He explained with a shrug as she looked up at him with a questioning glint in her eye. She got back on his back again, and the two walked out into the rain. Rex used his well-worn back allies and roads, as the wind nipped lightly with the rain, carrying echoes of a time long gone. He came quietly up in the alley next to the Nuthatch building, which looked warm and welcoming on such a dreary night. Turning around, Rex saw that Jacqueline was practically half-awake, barely comprehending the fact that they had stopped. Stifling a chuckle, Rex gently shook himself to jerk the sleepy girl back to her senses. \"Go on inside and get some rest, kid. You look like you're gonna fall asleep right there.\" She slowly slid off his back, went to go inside, stopped, and came running back to hand him his jacket. \"Wouldn't want to deny the kids their favorite t-rex by making him catch something, would I?\" Jacqueline said with a giggle before reaching up to give the reptile a hug on his nose, just like she had all those years before. It was still a common gesture for them, although they both knew where exactly it had come from. The first day Jacqueline had asked to hear, Rex told her the story about how he and the other dinosaurs had met her parents. Apparently he had a real knack for telling stories. \"Goodnight, Jacqueline.\" Rex called after her as she headed in through the doors, then, once he was sure she was inside, went in the direction of the museum. Tried to make it parental. Probably failed miseriably. You decide. Blackmoondragon out. ","Summary":" Hey. Thought I'd drop back into the waters of fanfiction for a while after working on a few of my o"},{"Movie":"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story","Title":"Too adorable to resist","Author":"mischievouswhit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7193467","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own any of the characters and the lines I used from the movie :) \"You were great too, Louie.\" Oh, great. When she looked at him with those aquamarine eyes and that beguiling smile, he couldn't help but soften up and smile…Until she leaned forward and kissed him. \"EW-uck, Don't do that!\" Just like 'is mom. \"Why not?\" Her eyes lighting up. \"It's embarrassing! You kissing me and everything is unmanly, that's what it is.\" Why couldn't his lips stop tingling? \"You know what, you're right.\" Aw, man, did that mean she wasn't gunna hang out with him anymore? She was pretty cool if you didn't count her girly clingy habits. \"I am?\" \"Well, yes,\" she smiled, \"if anybody's kissing anybody, you should be kissing me .\" When was he supposed to learn that? \"I should?\" Her body was swaying back and forth and he could see her hair bow bouncing a bit from her hair twirling around. \"Most definitely.\" Aw, man! Did that mean he had to kiss her now? Well, she was really cute. He could tell ever since he met her. Back when he introduced her to Rex and the gang, she made his knees feel like jelly and he was filled with a warm feeling that oozed into his bones when she smiled at him. And now, she's expecting an answer. He knew he wanted to. He could do it, it was just a kiss and he WAS NOT an unmanly guy. He scratched his head and darted his eyes from her to nothing. She smiled, waiting patiently. He suddenly pushed himself forward, lips puckered out. She almost laughed at his nervous pout. But, she held it in and met his lips. She was gunna kiss him right? What if she didn't, what if she lef-He didn't know if he had just kissed silk but his stomach burst into hundreds of butterflies and his heart flipped crazily. Geez, this felt incredible. When they broke apart, he saw she was beaming at him with a slight pink blush covering her cheeks. He felt his face heat up royally. How did that happen? One moment, they're friends and she's just overly friendly and super cute and totally sweet and kind an- HOLD IT! NO, NO, NO. He, Louie, was not having girly touchy feely feelings pouring out of him. She smiled at his tomato red face in amusement. He was going to have to understand sometime he liked her just as much as she liked him. He couldn't deny that after their kiss. She grinned. Oh my, he just turned a deeper red. But, then, he thought, why DID his knees go weak when she held his hand and felt his heart bolt out of his chest when she smiled at him like that. Aw, crap, just forget it. She was too adorable to resist. He smiled back and took her hand. ","Summary":" I do not own any of the characters and the lines I used from the movie :) \"You were great too, Lou"},{"Movie":"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless M...","Title":"Love Will Tear Us Apart, Again","Author":"drunkenboat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12807088","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I hate you! Don't ever fucking talk to me again!\" The rage in her voice pierced his thoughts. Sirens flashed red and blue in the night, lights bounced across his mind as the scenery changed, now he was at a coffee shop he couldn't quite name. He looked up, someone was taking a sip of their drink, but he couldn't make out their face. All he could make out was static, a static that consumed the entirety of the world around him, and when it was gone he found himself in a…where was he? Lights were flashing, people were dancing, music was blaring. Music he couldn't quite understand the words to, although he was sure he had heard the song somewhere before the melody remained elusive. He tried surveying the stage to try and find the name of the band, but he felt someone grab his hand. \"Come on why don't we go outside?\" Again he couldn't make out their face, the voice was female, and had a comforting familiarity about it, but at the same time it sounded oddly foreign, as though it belonged to a complete stranger. He followed them to the door leading to the outside patio, noticing that among the crowds the only face that he couldn't see was the one belonging to the woman he was following. As they walked outside, he found himself in strange new surroundings. He was in someone's house. A house he didn't recognize, but a house he was sure he had been in before. The walls were decorated with posters, a bookshelf in the corner was covered in books that had no titles, the television in in the middle of the wall was on, but whatever was playing he couldn't make out. He looked down at himself and found even the shirt had some form of indecipherable hieroglyphics on it now. The girl was sitting next to him, although as time went by she appeared less like a girl and more of a vague blur. Something about that filled him with overwhelming anxiety, something about the disappearance of her form scared him, so he tried to reach out and hold her. He felt like if he could just hold her then it would keep her form together, he felt like if he could hold her it would keep him together. When he wrapped his arms together though, he found they were empty. Any traces of the girl had disappeared, and soon the world around him followed. With the scenery of his mind gone, there was nothing left keeping Bernard Daniels anchored in his dreams. In the moment of waking up, he was hit with an alarming sense of despair. He tried desperately to fall back asleep, to go back to those warm feelings that the dream had given him, but he knew it was no use. With a strong sense of reluctance, the young man rose out of bed, a single mattress on the floor of a room that reflected a sincere sense of apathy in its occupant. Various articles of clothing were strewn across the floor, while the closet opposite his bed was mostly filled with dirty laundry and two jackets. Near the foot of the bed was a cardboard box filled with random books, along with his phone and phone charger. A single table was set up near him, with old dishes and a mostly empty cup of ramen noodles. While the room was a mess, there was a rather depressing sense of emptiness about the room, a feeling of loneliness that Bernard couldn't quite figure out. Attempting to put it out of his mind, Bernard picked up his cellphone and a pack of cigarettes from the table and went to the balcony of his apartment. \"I think I fell in love with the girl I dreamt about last night….I hate those kinds of dreams, when I feel happy and I'm with some beautiful girl, and then I wake up.\" Bernard typed into the memo app on his phone. \"I don't hate the dreams themselves, it's the waking up that I hate. The feeling of some warm, beautiful reality just being ripped away from me, the feeling that all that happiness was so brief and fleeting and there's no way to go back to it because it never fucking existed. Then I wake up and I'm just here…just sort of existing., and it pales in comparison to something that never truly existed. There's some kind of mysterious texture to those kinds of dreams, something that I don't think I've ever felt in the real world….Sometimes I just wish I could go to sleep and never wake up. I wish I could remember more about it, everything came in brief flashes, but it all felt so real…All I can really remember was a girl.\" Bernard saved the entry, and labelled it Dream Journal No.1. He had been meaning to record his dreams for awhile now, after reading some internet article about lucid dreams and the astral plane and that kinda shit. It struck a chord with him, feeling lost in his own life was something he had become painfully used to, and any means of escaping the world around him was very appealing. Now that he had written down as much as he could, Bernard lit up a cigarette and stared off into the cityscape in front of him. Even though it was early spring, the sun was beating down like an oppressive tyrant, shining off the ugly pastel pain of the buildings around him and creating a harsh brightness that made Bernard feel quite unhappy. Walking down the streets the old buildings and unforgiving sun made him feel like he was in his own special kind of Hell, one he could never escape from no matter how hard he tried. He lived in a district of Los Angeles near the beach, while it was the place he had grown up he hated it with a passion. He had spent the last two years of his life drifting from place to place, crashing on couches and renting rooms where he could afford them, until he ran out of money and wound up renting a room with a close friend. The shame of coming back was almost enough to kill him, especially since he made sure to give a big \"Fuck You!\" to everyone he used to hang out with. As he finished his cigarette, a sudden realization came to him, he had forgotten the significance of the day, for some reason. \"I was supposed to register for college classes today, wasn't I?\" With that realization Bernard left his apartment, something about it felt quite urgent, a feeling of unknown priority he rarely ever felt these days. A young woman sat on a grey hound bus, alone and weary. The last of her tears had dried up awhile ago, and now all she could do was stare into the black abyss of the big empty sky. The farmlands in between Oregon and California seemed to stretch on forever and ever, and every time she thought about where she was going she wanted to turn back. There was no turning back though, there was no home to go to. She could never forgive him, not again. Not again and again and again. It was too fucking much for her to handle. \"Fucking asshole\" Was the conclusive thought she came to. She decided not to think about him anymore, nor the home she had left behind. She slipped in her earbuds, and played a song that….That should have warned her. She realized, remembering the first real fight they had gotten. Sighing in frustration she turned on the song \"Waste of Paint\" and did the best she could to disassociate from the wreckage of her failed relationship. Bernard returned home drunk…Drunk wasn't the right word for it, he was completely wasted, stumbling and slurring, a complete mess of a human being in fact. He walked along the sidewalk, nearly slipping half a dozen times on the frozen sidewalk, an unwanted ice skating rink that made getting anywhere a fucking hazard, to say the least. He had been piecing together an apology in his head the whole walk home, but when he got home and stepped into his room, he found out there really wasn't any point. The room was now half empty, all traces of her were gone, completely. On the bed was a note, which simply said \"Goodbye.\" He fell on the bed and started to cry, uncontrollably. In fact it was probably the most he had cried since he was a small child. So it was that Bernard Daniels had to return home, the home he had tried so hard to escape. It was three weeks after this occurrence that Ken Rydell returned home from work, he had an early day that today, and he wanted to invite his buddy Bernie out to a bar, to cheer him up. Without thinking about it he casually opened the door to Bernard's room…and found him standing on a chair with a noose tied around his neck. \"Oh goddammit dude! No! Fuck no!\" It was an automatic response \"What the fuck are you doing man!?\" Ken knew the situation probably called for delicacy, but he was in no mood to sugarcoat anything. Bernard wanted to explain himself rationally, wanted to tell his friend that it was the end of the line for him, that he couldn't live without her. The words just didn't come to him. He had written it all down so nicely in a note that was sitting on his table, next to an empty bottle of whiskey and another bottle that was only half empty. Instead he decided to let his friend cut the noose off him, and he stepped off the chair and sat on it instead. Ken decided he needed a drink, he took the remaining whiskey and drank a bit of it. Then he picked up the suicide note Bernard had written, and without reading it crumpled it up and threw it to the side. Ken was 27, a few years older than Bernard. For this reason he treated him like a younger brother and tried to look out for him. When he needed a place to stay, Ken made it happen. It wasn't just the age difference that set them apart, Ken was much more together than Bernard. There was a sense of stability he had that his young friend clearly lacked, and as the days after his break up went by, that instability became more and more apparent in Bernard. \"So..what happened dude? I know your break up really fucked you up man but…What the fuck man? I mean haven't you two broken up before?\" Ken took another sip of whiskey, for good measure and good advice. \"It's…different this time…\" The words came slowly, they were hollow and hopeless \"I..went to Portfolio's to try and talk to her, to try and fix things…She was there but…she didn't recognize me. At first I thought it was deliberate but there was something so real about it. I tried talking to her but it just…it wasn't right…I don't know what to do, it's like…there's nothing left.\" Bernard grabbed the bottle of whiskey from his friend, took another drink, and laid his head down on his lap. \"Ahh shit dude….Ok I know what happened, but you're not gonna like it…Funny enough I had a friend do this while you were up North…So there's this company right? They're not all that public, in fact I'm pretty sure the only way to find them and make appointments is through the dark web. From what I understand, they have a way of completely erasing someone from your mind. No memories, no feelings, nothing. It sounds like bullshit at first but from what I've seen it really works. Then they send out these weird emails telling all your friends and stuff not to mention so and so to whoever gets the treatment done. They say it might cause a nervous breakdown or something.\" Ken decided to go through his phone and check for the message he had gotten regarding his old friend, and show it to Bernard, for evidence. \"She…fucking erased me? Like everything is just gone?\" Bernard choked, taking another swig of whiskey. \"I mean…that's what it seems like to me man. I tell you what though, you probably couldn't afford it on your own, buuuut since your my friend and I love you and I don't want you to friggin kill yourself I'll pay for you to do it too. No more heartbreak or depression, you can forget all about Margaret and get on with your life.' The offer was quite sincere, wanted his friend to be happy and move on, and if this was how to do it so be it. WIith a final shot of whiskey, Bernard agreed, then passed out. Author's notes: Sooo..yeah this is the first thing I've wroted/submitted in a long ass time. I don't even really know if anyone's gonna read this because the margin of Eternal Sunshine fans who are also into fan fiction of it seems pretty fucking slim…Still, this story is mostly being wroted because it's a retelling of a relationship that has seriously fucked me up and this move has relevance…Really it has nothing to do with Joel and Clementine it just takes place in a world where the ability to erase your memories of someone is a thing, because that seems such a poignant and bittersweet construct that I had to write my own story…Enjoy?[Chapter 2] Author's Notes: Jeezus Christ I had this whole story planned out, but the bender I went on this weekend completely erased my memories, which I find quite ironic considering the subject matter….Also, if anyone cares, the official soundtrack to this chapter is Hated Because of Great Qualities by Blonde Redhead. It's a fucking fantastic song and in the very unlikely event someone is reading this I'd highly recommend giving it a listen. Bernard arrived at the Lacuna building with a box, a box filled with everything that might remind him of Margaret. In the digital age, this box didn't contain much, but what it did contain was so precious to him that it felt like he was giving up a baby to an adoption agency. There was a strip of pictures they got in a photo booth, a couple of odd toys and trinkets and posters and such that they used to decorate their old room back in Oregon, as well as a few sci-fi books that he got on her recommendation. The most vital of all the boxes contents, the thing that was hardest for him to give up, was a journal she had bought him. Not only was it a gift from her, he had filled it with plenty of sappy cheesy love poems, songs they tried to write together, and a few drawings she had done herself. Knowing he would have to give it up almost made him change his mind, the idea of giving up something so beautiful, so meaningful, so important to him destroyed him inside. The thing is, he was already ruined, and with a little convincing from his friend he realized he needed to give it up. He needed to give everything up, if he ever wanted to be happy again. No matter how much it meant to him, it was equally bitter and devastating to him that she had already given all these things up. In the end, these things that meant so much to him now, wouldn't mean a thing to him when it was all over. They would be forgotten and so would Margaret. All the joy and love they had shared would melt away, but so would the intense pain he felt from losing her. So he brought it all, and handed it over to the doctor. \"Great! If this is everything then we can begin the treatment!\" The doctor said with what seemed like forced enthusiasm. The doctor had an uncanny resemblance to Frodo from Lord of the Rings, which made Bernard even more sad, since Margaret loved that movie. Bernard followed the doctor to go to the back room with much apprehension, realizing this was his last chance to turn back. He felt nervous, the kind of nerves he got as a child going on a roller coaster or a water slide. He felt intense anxiety, and tried examine various features of the hallway they were walking down. He looked down at the floor and tried to find the pattern of the floor tiles, though their simplicity offered little distraction, so he tried focusing on the wall instead, trying to figure out the exact word for their pale blue coloring, trying to recall the names that one finds on crayons or buying paint. As he was trying to distract himself Bernard realized that they had been walking for a lot longer than he expected. It was as if the hallway itself was endless, stuck on a loop. Upon noticing this, the whole world around him flickered for a brief moment. That was when Bernard realized that he was not in fact at the Lacuna building. \"Right in here please, just sit down and I'm going to begin some memory conditioning and association.\" The hobbit-looking doctor finally arrived at a door, but when Bernard looked into it he found himself staring into the room that he and Margaret shared in Oregon. Bernard reluctantly stepped through, he realized it was not his last chance to turn back, there was no turning back now. \"You wanna know why I think you fucked him!?\" Bernard felt a pit in his stomach as he heard this, he knew where he was. He was now a third party to the observer to the fight that ruined everything. Margaret stood in front of him, slightly drunk as tears streamed down her face. \"Because you're a fucking psycho!?\" Now that he was observing the fight instead of participating, Bernard was able to see the mix of hatred and heartbreak in her eyes, and it devastated him. Seeing her cry like that, and knowing he had been the one to cause it filled him with guilt and self-loathing. Then he realized what would happen next, and he tried lunging at the drunken, crazed memory of himself. \"It's because you're a fucking whore! You've been fucking lying to me this whole time!\" He yelled back, and threw the beer bottle he was holding at the wall. The impact hit the wall, splashing Margaret with beer, and causing the wall to be cracked open, behind it was television static. Margaret was horrified by the outburst. \"Get out….get out now! I'm calling the cops you fucking asshole!\" She began sobbing again, and grabbed her phone from her pocket and dialed 911. The other Bernard, the memory, left the house after fruitlessly begging her to change her mind. As he left Margaret's crying became softer and quieter, with only her and the real Bernie in the room. \"Can you really blame me? For wanting to forget you…How could I ever live with the memory that someone I loved so much could treat me like this?\" She asked him. \"I…I didn't know…I couldn't see how horrible I treated you when I was….When it still mattered\" Trying to explain it only made him feel worse. The whole scene that played out left him feeling terrible. \"I think you need to go too.\" Her voice was firm and resolute, no weakness no sympathy. Bernard walked out the door. When he left he was definitely outside their apartment, although he found himself reliving a completely different memory. The ground was covered with freshly fallen snow, blanketing the tow in a comfortable sort of cold that made it all the more pleasant to stay inside. Bernard and Margaret were not outside however, Margaret had never seen snow before and so they went out to play around and have fun like they were children. They made snow angels, tried building a snowman very unsuccessfully, and finally decided upon throwing snowballs. They didn't care about the immaturity, they didn't care if people were watching them, it was too beautiful to care. As the two started throwing snowballs at each other, the fake Bernie ended up hitting the real one quite a few times. The two ran towards each other and Margaret pulled him in for a kiss. They locked lips for a moment, and then Margaret stared deep into his eyes. \"I love you, and I'll always love you.\" She said,with more sincerity and compassion than Bernard had ever heard in his life. \"I can't take this anymore\" The real Bernard said aloud, audibly distraught. He couldn't bear it, seeing the best moment of his life replayed knowing it would all be ruined, knowing it would be forgotten, knowing that it would live and die one last moment in his head before disappearing forever, just like the snow angels they made. He shut his eyes, covered his ears, tried everything he could do to move on to the next memory, to try and make it disappear, and it did, it all faded away. AU: Sorry, I'm really quite shit when it comes to dialogue. If you hate my story please be sure to troll the comments.[Chapter 3] Author's Notes: Fuckin…the theme song for this one is…it's fuckin Shimmy Shammy Ya by Ol Dirty cuz…cuz shit's about to get fucking RAW! Reliving the past can be painful, even looking back at the good times can hurt when you compare them to the bad times. Bernard was learning this the hard way, the very hard way, the concrete fucking solid way. In an effort to forget everything, he had been forced to remember all of it in rapid succession. Thus every painful memory had been thrusted into the forefront of his psyche, occasionally juxtaposed by the happy times they shared, only to be ruined by a reminder of the shitty things he had done to taint those pure perfect moments forever. He was forced to deal with the realization that every beautiful moment he shared with Margaret had been subsequently tainted by his jealousy or his distrust or some other toxic shit that he was now witnessing from the outside. It made him sick, it made him sad, it made him want to grab a knife and stab that illusion of his past to death. Sadly, it was not so easy, no matter how he tried to stop himself, to change things, to rewrite history, he found himself powerless. The memory he was currently facing was an argument, which at the time seemed quite significant, was actually quite petty. It's actual prominence was increased tenfold by the extremities he was bringing it to. They were sitting two chairs across from each other, in their room in Oregon, the TV was on and Margaret had been trying to get him to watch Game of Thrones and shut the fuck up about social media. \"Sooo….Lemme get this straight…You think its totally cool to like your ex boyfriends shit? Like you don't think that's giving off some kind of signal that you're…still interested…\" The memory of Bernard snarled, every word seemed deliberately chosen to hurt her. \"Dude, can you just drop this? Please? I already told you it's not a big deal…\" Margaret's voice was defensive, but not because she had something to hide. It was defensive in the sense that she was defending her sanity, her dignity, her logical mind from the jealousy and bullshit her partner had been spewing. \"So ya know my friend, she hits me up a lot…Very sexual if I do say so myself? Maybe I should hit her up instead? Cuz she wanted to fuck me when you were being a bitch and ignoring me annnnddd….and it seems like you're just OK with all these guys trying to fuck you.\" Bernard's words were carefully chosen, but at the same time they were the most brash and ignorant statements he could possibly make. Every word to him seemed strategic and purposeful to make her feel bad, but all they did was make him look like a cunt. \"You're such a piece of shit.\" Margaret said it flatly, there was resentment in her tone but it was flat and simple, not sharp, angry, or biting. She got up and stormed out of the room. She was tired of the bullshit, and tired of the jealousy. Both the phantom of Bernard's past and the real Bernard followed her. The real Bernie, he wasn't exactly sure why he followed her. He knew he couldn't speak to her, change anything, or make a difference. He just responded automatically, the same way his memory self did. No matter how angry or indignant or hurt he got he had this sort of automatic reaction to follow her, to try and stop her from being mad about the very things he himself made her mad about. It was a cycle of stupidity, he would upset her and say as much awful things as he could, but chase her down and force-feed her an apology the moment she got offended. Even though the real Bernard could see this, he still found himself helplessly following her out the door, although it definitely did not lead where it led him that same awful night. Bernard instead found himself walking out the door to another cold Oregon night, though this one was made warm by the presence of Margaret, the woman he loved with all his stupid heart. He walked out his own front door, but found himself outside the door of a completely random house, now walking down a street on the avenue of absurdity to the house he had shared with Margaret. Unlike before, the illusion of past and present had completely dissipated, Bernard was walking drunkenly with his arm once more around the woman he loved, and she was holding a bottle of wine, drunkenly singing her heart out. \"LOOOOOVE! WILL TEAR US APART AGAIIINNN!\" She sang her heart out, not a care in the world for anyone that might be watching, anyone that might be judging, even anyone who might be annoyed with there drunken signaling. You could see it in Margaret's eyes and in her smile, the only thing that she cared about at that moment was how much she loved the man next to her, and the only thing he cared about then or now, was how much he loved her. \"LOVE WILL TEAR USSS APART AGAIN!\" He half unwillingly sang along with her, contrary to before it seemed he was now reliving the memory rather than experiencing it first hand. Despite this he was not reliving the intoxicating glow he felt that night, but the warmth of the past gave it's own sort of \"buzz,\" and he felt like singing out with her now while he still could. Before they could get into the next verse of the Joy Division song, admittedly a verse neither of them quite knew the lyrics to, a man walked up to them, he looked a bit older than both of them, but not altogether old in a sense that he couldn't quite connect with the two. Truth was up to that point they had failed to really make any friends…or hadn't they? Bernard could swear he remembered going to parties somewhere but he couldn't quite place it. \"Dude you guys sounded awesome! Are you from around here?\" The man had clearly been drinking a bit too, although his questioning seemed more friendly than the result of some sort of drunken rudeness. \"Oh yeah we actually just moved in over on..\" The next words, Bernard could not hear. He heard something, although it sounded as if he was listening to her from underwater. \"Yeah we just moved in a couple months back\" Margaret beamed, proud of their recent move in. \"Oh what!? That's awesome you guys! I live over on..\" Again to Bernard the words seemed muddled and unintelligible. \"We should totally kick it you guys!\" \"Sounds great.\" Bernard had remembered exactly the words he had said that night, though now he said it with a flatness that was clearly not detected by the apparitions around him. They just went on as if everything was normal. \"Have a good night then you two!\" The man smiled and kept walking on his path, and the young couple continued on theirs. For Bernard, things were starting to get hazy at this point, although he was almost positive the two never took him up on his plans, that was right before things had gotten…bad. \"Hey!\" Margaret snapped him out of his contemplation, and grabbed him by the cheek so he was looking her right in the eyes. He stared into the warm, glowing, drunken eyes of the woman he loved. He saw a warmth that he had destroyed, he saw a love that she would no longer remember, he saw affection that had been wiped from her the same way this beating in his heart would soon be taken away from him. \"I love you, and I always will. I'm so happy that we have a new life now.\" And she pulled him in for a kiss, a kiss Bernard reciprocated with all his heart, although by the time Bernard pulled away from the kiss, Margaret was gone, and the beautiful snowy night was gone too. When the night had faded away Bernard found that he was no longer in Oregon, instead he was sitting out in front of the library by his old house, sitting alone and waiting anxiously to see if Margaret would arrive. He looked down in his hand and remembered he had been holding a fast food cup filled with whiskey and soda. He realized alcohol was prominent in most of these memories, and wondered how long he had been trying to forget. Had he subconsciously been trying to eliminate any traces of memory, any trace of sadness or familiarity or any emotion at all from his day to day life. For the past few instances he had been feeling as if this procedure, this long process of forgetting everything to make room for something knew was something unequivocally painful, something he could hardly bear in the moment. Looking back on it now, he realized that forgetting things that made him sad had been his due process for the last year of his life, and maybe it wasn't such a surprise that he had decided the go the full distance now when he had been leading up to it for quite awhile. He ran out of time to ponder this reflection, because Margaret was walking up to him now, coming from a distant shadow and not from any true location. The way she walked had always enamored Bernard, there was no jaunt in her step and she walked with the sureness and swiftness of someone who only wanted to go from one destination to the next without being noticed, like the flashing of a headlight on a car trying to pass unnoticed from a night out. Margaret sat down next to him at the bench, while she sat next to him there was a measured distance she put between the two of them. Bernard remembered she had been quite angry with him that night…another large fight over something he could no longer recall. As he tried to piece together the details of what had happened in order to speak, he funded he didn't need to and the words came from him quite automatically. \"I want you to move away with me…\" He stumbled. \"I wanna move to Oregon, just get away from all of this, forget everything and start over. I've already found a place and they said they'd take couples.\" He spilled out the facts with no tact or deliberation, only a sincere request to try and begin again. Margaret did not immediately respond, instead she took out a cigarette and lit it with precision. As she exhaled the secondary drag, she finally broke the silence. \"When?\" \"Next month…I know it's soon and I know that I'm asking a lot but…but I love you. I love you with all my heart and I know that if we started over…if we were somewhere new..None of this would ever happen again. This could all just be some unpleasant memory we forget about one day when we're happy somewhere else.\" Bernard explained with some deliberation. Margaret took another drag or two of her cigarette. She was killing Bernard with the anticipation, but the lack of an immediate no still filled his chest with hope like a balloon with air. \"I'll think about it.\" She decided at last. There was something so calm and cool about her that even in the present Bernard could appreciate. Something about the calmness which she approached the storm of their relationship filled his heart with longing. Bernard pulled Margaret close, at the time he had been drunk and stupid, but in the present he appreciated the closeness more than he had the night he was reliving. He appreciated the way it felt to hold her near, and like that night he began to sing a song…but the words wouldn't come to him. He was sure he could hear the melody, and he was sure he was saying something, but he couldn't hear any of it. \"Really? I told you to sing this to me on a good night? Fuckin idiot…\" Margaret looked him in the eyes, her tone was critical but her eyes were somewhat bemused, betraying the hostility she was trying to reflect in her words. Bernard continued to sing, although the tune now evaded him more than ever. He was sure he knew the song, but the words began to sound like static on a television, and as he tried to gaze into his lover's eyes he found that she had the appearance of static as well. This wasn't right…he knew this wasn't right…He tried to recall her….blue eyes? Green? Her…Red hair? No it was definitely brown. That wasn't right either it was….For a moment Bernard felt he was staring at a complete stranger. He didn't understand the words he was singing, and he didn't understand who he was singing them to. All knew was he was trying to hold something together, hold something together which now seemed to him foggy and incomplete, which now in this moment of static unwelcomeness seemed completely foreign. As he reached out to pull her closer, he noticed he too had the texture of an incomplete image, a buzzing static which had no form except formlessness, and as he tried to pull her closer the whole world went blank around them, and soon switched to a new channel of thought When the world came to around him, Bernard felt himself alone at a small clearing by a lake not too far from his house. HE was crying HE had been crying then and he was crying now. At the time these tears were shed because he had not been able to speak to Margaret for weeks, although the tears came now because he felt he had not spoken to her ever. In his heart there was less and less to miss, but as time went by he knew he was missing more and more. He realized that something very dear to him was slowly disappearing, and at the time he had known what had vanished from him. In this moment though he did not understand exactly why he was crying, but he understood there were tears to be shed. He was seated by a clearing at a lake, a place he had spent many an evenings with his high school girlfriend…Why was he able to remember her and nothing else? Why was there a bottle of whiskey in his hand? Why could he remember all the times he had gotten drunk and nothing else? Why was there this intense burning in his heart? He didn't know or understand, but the tears came to him the same they had come to him that night. He cried, cried because there was nothing, nothing but misery to remember, and as time went by Bernard was sure that was all he would remember. A song was playing in his headphones, though the music seemed distorted, he recognized that it was by…Joy Division. That much was clear to him. \"If I ever…If I ever get another chance to see you…If I ever get another chance I won't fuck it up…I promise you\" The words to him now seemed so hollow yet so prominent, there was nothing but conviction in his voice even if he couldn't understand the conviction now. He knew there was something missing…someone missing, and he knew that like then he would give anything to have them back. Anything but the memory of them, yet he realized that was exactly what was missing. (Author's Notes: Yeahhh….So plot twist the song for this chapter is actually Love Will Tear Us Apart, by Joy Division. The other Shamalan twist here is the ending, because the ending is I kill myself….Wubbalubbadubdub!) ","Summary":" \"I hate you! Don't ever fucking talk to me again!\" The rage in her voice pierced his thoughts. Si"},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"Reputations are Hard To Live Up To","Author":"yellowscream","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12367165","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Reputations are Hard to Live Up To In the private chambers of Bek and Zaya. Zaya's eyes were amazed by the new dress and the set of jewels set out before her. She had seen amazing craftsmanship for jewels and dresses but those were for the gods, and these were too small to be of any use to the gods; these were for her and hers alone, gifts from her beloved Bek. She remembered when she has nothing and she would have been lost forever but Bek came to her in her time of judgement, bearing the greatest treasure in Egypt to secure her an afterlife. Once upon a time rumors of having a husband as a thief would have closed doors to Zaya's face, but as the thief of legend, as Bek had become known and advisor to the king, her previous shame was now her pride and everyone sought to be favorable associated with them, even her family that had previously disowned her. The couple had a dinner to attend, with ambassadors from foreign lands, for some that would have been the reason for a new dress, but Bek would give her anything he saw that he thought would be becoming on her. Bek did not really have to worry about dressing up because he had already chosen his robe and there was nothing that would suit him better. He always teased Zaya that everyone would rather look upon her beauty than on him anyway. She would say that the gods and goddesses would be more pleasing to look at and he would say if you did not mind getting a stiff neck from always looking up. Bek had never been one really pay homage to the gods, unlike her, but she would not trade him for anyone else in the world for he was always honest and true to her. In the Grand Hall. Bek did not freely complement Horus but there were those who would fall upon themselves to do so. Horus loved having songs sung about him and his adventures, and a favorite topic was the story of his journey to be king. The falcon would watch how Bek would react to the different versions of the tale told in their presence. The former thief's reaction was at times more entertaining than the performers, but to the casual observer it would seem that king and advisor always kept their cool. Horus however treasured Bek and his opinion because in some ways he had to work harder to earn the rare praise. Horus turned to his guests. The ambassadors were almost as tall as the gods and had some inhuman power that the mortals labelled as magic; but they too were captivated by the thief of legend, more than by the bracelet of Hathor. A faint flicker of worry crossed the king's mind but he quickly dismissed it. There were gifts presented before the court. Treasures that had never been seen in Egypt before and all were amazed. His guests had exception skills in craftsmanship. Just yesterday they had asked permission to build a palace for the use during their visit. They had built a palace overnight within the area designated by the king. They gave everyone a gift of gold and jewels. They even insisted on giving Bek and Zaya their weight in gold, and if they had worn half of the gifts they would have shone like Horus would when he had his armor on, they persuaded the young couple to come and spend the night in their palace. Horus saw no harm and allowed it, but that same night the ambassadors and their palace disappeared and they took Bek with them. Zaya was found alone in the sand under some enchantment that Thoth and Hathor work together to break. Horus was enraged at the duplicity of these guests and their gifts of gold and jewels turned to clay and dust. Lost in the middle of nowhere. Bek woke up and saw a different view from the window, this was a sight he had never seen in Egypt, even though he had seen the world from the ship of Ra. The ambassadors presented him to their master and Bek was surprised that it was a mortal magician. \"Who are you? What do you want from me?\" \"In my world Bek, thief of legend, names are powerful in the hands of enemies and friends, so I will not give you my name. I never lie but I do not have to tell you everything. I want you to steal something for me.\" \"Why would I do that?\" He showed Bek an enchanted mirror that would show the one closest to his heart while that person remained in the mortal realm. Bek saw his beloved in her enchanted sleep. \"You would do anything for her wouldn't you?\" \"What do I have to do?\" \"I want you to steal a very special egg.\" \"Is that all.\" Bek said but there were a million questions racing through his head. Why him? What was this egg? Would he ever see Zaya again? \"Of course I do not expect you to do it alone.\" The magician slipped one of the many rings of his finger. \"You cannot harm me by using this ring, but the genie will help you to get the egg to me.\" \"Genie?\" \"The genie is bound to the ring, as long as you have it, the genie will do as you ask, but there are others more powerful than it.\" \"Why can't you just ask the genie to get you the egg?\" \"The genie can only get me something that is made by man, I need a living specimen. I have read every word that has been written regarding the egg and the one who can get it for me is you. You and your unique history will make this possible.\" Thoth was eventually able to solve the mystery of Zaya's enchanted sleep by destroying a serpent's egg that a traitor had hidden under Zaya's bed. She woke up and was surprised with everything they told her. When the serpent's egg was mentioned she recalled that her hosts were bragging about having collected almost every egg of every manner of creature on the earth. Horus recalled a dangerous beast that his father refused to let him to go fight saying his eye sight would actually be a draw back because the beast only had to look you in the eyes to kill you. He could not let Bek face his danger alone, he would save his little friend. In the Lair of the Beast When Bek had entered the dark tunnel with many different chambers he was not prepared for what he say, chambers brimming with treasurers of all sorts. Gold, pearls, rubies, emeralds, sapphires and diamonds each filled their own chamber. He passed them without taking any, searching for the one treasure that would bring him home to his beloved. He held the torch watchful for traps, what he saw were strange paths in the sands that looked oddly familiar except for the scale of these tracks. Something grabbed his arm causing him to drop the torch, and then everything went dark. A sudden heady scent filled his senses and he did not even manage to call for help when he legs gave way and he fell in arms that suddenly enclosed around him. He felt his legs being encircled by a large serpent's tail, and he tried to stay awake, really he tried but his eyes felt to heavy, all he managed was a small cry of help before he completely sank into darkness. Bek tried to open his eyes and but he couldn't see a thing. He had no strength to rise, but he could hear voices talking. He wanted to sleep on this cold floor, but tried to listen. \"He is greatly loved and he also loves greatly.\" \"If you want him to live keep his eyes covered and leave this place.\" \"We need the egg.\" \"NO! His beloved is already awake he just needs to go home to see her.\" \"My master will not let him go without the egg.\" \"Your master would not let him go with or without the egg.\" \"I will not leave without him.\" Bek heard a sound he was not sure he would ever hear again, the sound of wings and he felt familiar arms carrying him. \"Horus.\" \"Your safe now Bek. We are going home.\" ","Summary":" Reputations are Hard to Live Up To In the private chambers of Bek and Zaya. Zaya's eyes were amazed"},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"Living as Death","Author":"ItzSilence","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13115284","Passage":"[Chapter 1] MNew Story! Gods of Egypt is seen as a really bad movie. I think its not. The fight scenes are awesome, character designs are good. Only the jokes and some effects are lower grade. Hope u will enjoy! Episode 1. New Leader — He just brought another soul to the place of the dead. He knew there was a big day for all the gods. Not for all he thought, he never got invited on any god reunion or a special meeting. Ra said he was to 'shocking' for the mortals to look at, he understood that but why wasn't he ever invited? He was a god aswell, maybe a dead one but he could still talk and fight with the living. He looked to the large gate, that let to the hall were dead mortals were choosen their fate, hell or heaven. The mortals always were staring at him, he knew they might never seen someone like him before. It sadend him that mortals were so fragile, they died fast, they weren't strong and most of the time they needed protection of the gods. He was only here to get them here, lead them the way and make sure they did not leave the path. He knew the meeting of the gods was soon. It was because the god of the air became the new king of Egypt. He had knew Horus pretty long, it was because all gods were family, gods lived longer, much longer then the mortals or maybe the mortals just lived short. He glared around him, where he was, where he lived, was like a dead place. No grass, No sun, only darkness and lots of stress, sadness, angryness and dissapointment all those emotions were seen on the mortals face's. He didn't have any company, or someone who helped him. He did it all by himself. Ofcourse there were the old people in the chairs who only said: 'Step forward' or 'What do you offer?' They never talked to him. He sometime's went to the hall, it was never empty, there was always a long line of people waiting for their fate. It was time, he had planned to come on the new kings day. He would not show himself ofcourse, he would hide somewhere. He used his power to go to the world of the living. When he got used to the bright sun shining in his eyes, he looked to the large temple, thousands of mortals and on higher steps all the gods, except him ofcourse. He didn't saw Ra, Ra never showed up, only on the last moment. He had put on a long black coat, with a hood to hide his face. He couldn't transform into his human form, he was dead, in someways... When his long thin legs stepped on the sand, he slowly slided down the sand hill he stood on unnoticed. When he was close to the temple, he used his thin but strong legs to jump on the roof. He could look right on the heads of the gods, without anyone being possible to see him. He watched as the young prince got presents of the other gods, but something was off, the gods were looking around them excepting something hiden to jump out or an ambush attack. The mortals were clapping and cheering everytime a present was given. He looked up, to look at the mortals. In the distance there was dust raising into the air, it was like an army was comming, not a small one aswell... His eyes flashed from neutral to angry, he jumped off the back of the themple. He'd run around the arena where the mortals sat in. It was made infront of the temple for special meetings like this. When he got closer to the dust cloud, he walked over a small hill. His eyes did widen, a large army was comming armed with armor, spears and shields. When he looked clearder, he saw Set. Did he go back to the temple to watch? Would he suddenly just jump in, explaining what was going to happen? His mind was stunned. He decided to go back to his hiding spot. When he sat on his spot again. He watched the dust cloud dissapear, the army had stopped moving. When the former king was about to talk, Set came walking trough the gate. \"And u were about to start the party without me?!\" Set yelled, grabbing everyone's attention. \"Oh Brother! I wasn't excepting you here.\" The king said with a suprised look on his face. \"What did u except? This day is writing history!\" Anubis knew something was off about this, what was Set planning? He couldn't wait anymore, maybe everyone was about to die. \"I have braught something for you Horus\" Set said while getting on the higher stairs. He passed a horn like thing to Horus. \"Thanks\" Horus said not so hard. \"For Set!\" Horus yelled, then he blew on the horn, some of the mortals were screaming 'For Set' aswell, some of them were clapping. Suddenly loud foot steps were heared, the army came marching in. Perfect formation, same speed. Perfect for an attack... he thought. \"Set what is this?\" His brother asked. \"Its my turn now to lead Egypt...\" Set said, he drawed out a spear. \"Fight me\" Set said on a low tone. He tossed the spear to his shocked but yet suprised brother. Afther a few seconds he putted the spear into the ground with great force. The mortals backed off already. \"I won't fight you brother.\" He said walking to Set opening his arms for a hug. Set suddenly drawed out a knife. \"NO!\" He stabbed his brother right in the heart, golden blood comming out right on the moment. The gods gasped and their faces turned white. The wife of the stabbed god runned to him in tears, holding the stabbing wound. \"Gods bow for me or die\" Set said. Every god did bow. Anubis couldn't accept this, he had to get in and protect the hurted family. It was one of the things he hated the most, a broken family. He jumped off the temple right next to the wife and dying husband. He drawed out his staff with a spin. \"ANUBIS!?\" Horus yelled suprised and yet a bit angry. Anubis left his hood on the place, he knew the mortals could still see his form, but that wasn't important now. The Mortals backed off, some of them tried running away but the army blocked the way, some of them were yelling or screaming in scaredness, knowing they couldn't do anything. \"Look who we have here.\" Set said quiet. \"ITS THE GOD OF DEATH!\" A mortal screamed while pointing. Anubis only rotated his ear to it, nothing more. He had to find a way to get everyone save. Most of the gods were stick in their place, shocked or just thinking really deep. It was quiet for a moment, only the sobbing of the godness that hold her dying husband was heared. \"Were you even invited?\" Set asked. \"No, but were they invited?\" He pointed to the army that stood with their weapons drawed to the gods and mortals. Set growled under his breath \"Im sick of you already...\" \"BOW BEFORE ME OR DIE!\" Set yelled to him pointing a sword to his face. Anubis slowly looked over to Horus, then to the almost dead king and crying queen. Set always weared an self-proud look, it disgusted Anubis really bad. \"I regret.\" He spinned his weapon and pointed his staff to Sets head. \"Scared of death?\" Set now charged to him, his eyes did widen a bit because he didn't fight for a large amount of time. He grabbed his staff in two hands, blocking and locking the sword in place. They both pushed as hard as they cloud. Their heads were pretty close together, they looked eachother with rage in the eyes. \"You will die for the second time.\" Set did snap quiet, only for Anubis to hear. \"It will be plesant sending you to hell.\" He snapped back and moved his staff away and slided to the left, causing the sword to slam on the ground. Anubis grabbed his staff by its end and slammed Set on his ankle's, causing him to fall on one knee. He then spinned his staff above his head to get more speed in the following attack. He dashed behind Set, he then slammed his staff with full force on the side of his head. Set dropped his shield, but stood up. Anubis stood from a small distance staring quietly. Set got up fast and stood in a fighting position. He charged to Anubis, He tried dodging the charge, but when he quickly stepped away on the last moment, Set made a fast slash to his legs. Anubis was to late, causing to get a large cutt on his leg, Gold blood slowly got out of it. \"Who do you think will win?\" The god of wisedom asked Horus while holding his chin. Horus only holded a spear pointing it to Set. \"No idea, we should get in and help Anubis...\" Horus said while taking a step closer before the god of wisedom holded him back. \"That would be unwisely, Anubis should be able to take him but it will cost time. Anubis isn't as good in combat as Set but he has powers none has.\" Two minutes of hard fighting did pass, both the gods were getting more tired by every move and got angier by every move. \"Give up already!\" Set yelled. He slashed with his sword straight to Anubis' head, he managed to get the sword stuck in the spiral from his staff and slammed it on the ground, the sword was released from the spiral and laid on the ground. \"To scared to face death?\" They now slowly walked circle's around eachother, Anubis with his staff in one hand and Set who just grabbed his sword from the ground holded it in two hands. When Anubis got to the side were the gods stood while still walking circle's around Set, he maked a hand symbol behind his back. 'Request back-up' it ment. The god of wisedom saw it and nudged Horus and nodded to the battle field. Horus dashed into Set, who was already weakend thanks to Anubis. He slammed his spear first on his right, causing Set to block it. Before he could get ready again he slammed on his left side, Set flew to the other side of the throne's. Anubis looked to the army. Wait... were they capturing the mortals?! The army slowly pushed all the mortals to the exit. He had to do something, he looked to Set and Horus fighting, Horus was winning for now. The other gods were just staring, are you kidding? \"GET IN AND HELP!\" Anubis yelled in a harsh god voice, he pointed with his staff to the army. The gods didn't linger and summonded their weapons, they all gave a warrior roar and runned to the army, fighting without mercy. Only the crying godness and dying god were still there. Anubis then looked over to Horus and Sets' fight, Horus laid on the ground, Set towering above him with his sword. Anubis dashed behind Set and slammed his right side of his head with his staff. \"USE YOUR MAGIC!\" The god of wisedom yelled, while combating with a soldier with bare hands. Oh yeah, he forgot He raised his arm with his hand opened. His handpalm beginning to glow between the cracks that were formed in his hand. A white light strike shot out of his handpalm, souls of people swirling around it to give it power. Set flew somewhere in the distance. Anubis now did notice his black cloak had fallen off, luckily everyone was busy with something else. Horus jumped high in the air, wanting to stab Set with full force while he was laying in the hot desert sand groaning in pain. Set suddenly snapped his fingers, it was like the sand ate him. It was a teleporting way in Egypt for the gods. The army now did notice their leader was gone (from what was left of the army). They runned towards the exit leaving the grounds. Every god sighed in relief. The Mortals cheered for their savers. Anubis looked to his feet, what would happen... Horus walked from behind to Anubis, Anubis' ears rotated to the sound of his steps. \"Thanks for comming in right there, I wouldn't do such thing.\" He said. Anubis turned around, Anubis was taller then Horus but Horus was way more muscular. \"No...NO NO NO!\" Was heared from the throne. Every god runned to the throne stage. Seeing the godness shaking her now dead husband. — You'll see what will happen after. This is my longest chapter yet, were im pretty proud of. This was a chapter I wrote between small spaces of time. I need to explain somethings aswell: are humans, for the people who don't know. 2. Anubis=God of dead (in my story) Horus=God of air Set=God of chaos 3. I forget named of gods fast, so i'll just write by example 'The god of wisedom' instead of the real name 4. I just got addicted to Harry Potter like really bad for the second time (I had it before but I left that stage after cuphead.) Hope ya'll enjoyed this first Episode of 'Living as dead' Im ItzSilence with TheLoneFox in the back c; And i'll say A.D.I.O.S.! ","Summary":" MNew Story! Gods of Egypt is seen as a really bad movie. I think its not. The fight scenes are awes"},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"La Muerte no es el Final","Author":"Gordafabi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13082877","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Les dejo este hermoso fanfic sobre la amistad de Bek y Horus, además de su reflexión sobre el envejecimiento y lo inevitable de la muerte. Fue publicado originalmente en ingles en el sitio \"Archive of Our Own\". Su autora es Yourlordoftheskies . Yo me encargue de traducirlo al español. Sin más que decir, espero que les guste. La Muerte No es el Final Resumen : Los dioses egipcios podían vivir para siempre... pero eso no significaba que sus compañeros humanos pudieran. En algún momento, viendo a Bek crecer, Horus tiene que darse cuenta de que tiene que dejarlo ir. Notas : Hola, este es mi primer fanfiction en este sitio y en este fandom. Por favor, déjame saber lo que piensas. Han pasado muchos veranos después de que Egipto fue salvado de Set. Hathor fue salvada por Horus y Bek finalmente se casó con Zaya. Horus había visto a los dos mortales amarse. Luchar y amar una vez más. Siempre ahí, junto a su compañero cercano y la esposa de Bek. Horus observó cómo Zaya quedó embarazada de su primer hijo y los bendijo con buena fortuna. Horus observó cómo Bek se acercaba más y más a Horus a medida que pasaba el tiempo. Zaya amaba a Bek, pero ella había aceptado que tenía que compartir a su esposo. Fue una de esas noches en las que Zaya estaba con Hathor por la noche. Thoth observaba a los niños, que estaba demasiado ocupado leyendo historias por debajo de su inteligencia. Bek estaba corriendo por los tejados, tratando de esquivar a Horus barriendo para atraparlo. Su asesor era un hombre inteligente que sabía cómo burlarse de un dios y Horus amaba cada minuto junto a él. Volvió a abatirse una vez más antes de agarrar al mortal y voló alto en el cielo. Bek se rió mientras sostenía los fuertes brazos que rodeaban su pecho. Sintiendo los latidos del corazón de Horus fuertes contra su espalda. Se le escapó un suspiro y pronto una tos. Horus miró a Bek, quien le resto importancia. \"No es nada Horus... solo una tos\". Una sonrisa en su rostro y Horus le creyó. Dijeron que Horus podía ver cualquier cosa… pero se negó a ver que el gris comenzaba a aparecer en el cabello de Bek. No quería ver que las arrugas empeoraban con los dos mortales. Cómo crecieron sus hijos y cómo envejecieron. Horus se dijo a sí mismo que Bek estaría bien… que aún le quedaba una larga vida por vivir. Horus se negó a ver que Bek se había vuelto más frágil. Sus juegos rudos se volvieron demasiado menos rudos. La velocidad de Bek se convirtió en cada vez menos acelerada. Horus siempre trató de atraerlo a otro de los juegos, pero Bek se negó. Ni siquiera Ra pudo detener el tiempo… Como Bek se puso junto a Horus, su pequeño mortal que una vez fue tan joven y juguetón, vio ahora era un adulto. El dios envolvió sus brazos con fuerza alrededor de Bek y hundió su rostro en el ondulado cabello rubio del mortal. Lo sostuvo lo más cerca posible, rezando para que el tiempo de Bek no llegara todavía. Zaya fue la primera en irse. Ella había fallecido en medio de la noche. Su cabello una vez castaño, ahora era grisáceo. Su piel, antes tersa, se arrugó, pero murió con una sonrisa en su rostro. Había comenzado su viaje hacia el inframundo. Su muerte… Hizo que Horus volviera a la realidad. Los mortales no viven tanto como los dioses... y nunca lo harían. Después de la muerte de Zaya, Horus fue amable con Bek. Se quedó cerca de él, temiendo que cada día fuera el último. Cada noche sostenía a Bek cerca, por temor a que Bek nunca volviera a ver salir el sol. Horus apretó a Bek contra su cuerpo, temiendo el día que Anubis vendría a buscarlo. El tiempo pasó rápidamente para un mortal... Más rápido que para un dios. Cuando llegó ese día, Horus se despertó al ver a Anubis sacudiendo suavemente su hombro. El rey de Egipto estaba confundido hasta que sintió el cuerpo frío de su amado mortal y mejor amigo. Bek había fallecido en la noche. Su corazón estaba roto y Horus observó cómo Bek tomó la mano de Anubis y miró al dios de la muerte. Se acercó a su amigo, con un suave susurro en sus labios. \"Hasta la inmortalidad Bek... nos volveremos a encontrar\" ","Summary":" Les dejo este hermoso fanfic sobre la amistad de Bek y Horus, además de su reflexión sobre el envej"},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"Fly Away Home","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11901019","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fly Away Home \"A bird, grandfather? Has your fire and fury really been so diminished?\" The god of the sun made no answer and remained in darkness. Remained where he sat in silence, sharpening his spear. \"Silence, then? Well, I can take that.\" And despite the words of Horus, Ra's silence still continued. Broken only by the sound of the wheel. Marking the passage of time by its rotations, oblivious to all around it. Whether it be Ra, the Creator, Horus, the King of Egypt, or the crane that was perched on the deck. A small bird that had somehow found its way up here. \"Come on grandfather, night is far away.\" Horus began walking along the solar barge. \"Surely you can spare some light for your favourite grandson.\" That, at least, got Ra to glance in his direction. To make the wheel stop spinning, however briefly. And make Horus's stride falter. He had not seen such a look from his grandfather before. Not from many people. He had seen despair, and sorrow, and death, but never in such a combination. Never in such balance. Yet Ra, the Creator, stood, however dim his glory was. And Horus watched as a small smile crept across his sunburnt lips. \"Two birds,\" he murmured. \"I shall expect both to have flown away before the coming of night.\" \"Perhaps you could use some company, Grandfather,\" Horus said. He tried to smile, but failed, as he watched his grandfather's own fade. \"You alone can keep Apophis at bay. The two of us-\" \"Only one will stand against the dark,\" Ra said. \"The burden is enough for one, let alone two.\" \"One might share such a burden.\" \"You have your own responsibilities to the world below,\" Ra said. He turned away from the sky god, and returned to dwell amongst the stars. \"Responsibilities that you seem to be shirking from by coming up here.\" \"I would like to think my responsibilities extend beyond just Egypt. To those I would call family.\" Horus walked up to his grandfather. \"How heals your wound?\" \"It is gone,\" Ra answered, not taking his eyes off the wheel. \"The sun god is not so easily slain.\" \"You know which wound I refer to.\" Ra glanced at him. And that was all the answer Horus needed. His grandfather remained wounded, and the wound festered. Even without his eyes, Horus could see that. Set's betrayal had hurt them all, and Ra perhaps more than any. Ra, who was struck down by his son. Ra, whose inaction had almost cost all of Creation its very existence. Ra, who knew that Set would never take his place amongst the stars, keeping the beast of night at bay. And even Horus, whose remaining life measured in mere centuries, was left to wonder what would happen when his own night had passed. What would happen when Ra could no longer hold back the night? Who would take the sun god's place? \"Grandfather-\" \"My light has not yet faded.\" Ra glanced at him, a fire in his eyes, and deep down, fury as well. \"I will be here long after Egypt has forgotten your name.\" \"And what then?\" Horus asked. \"What of when there are no gods left, and mortals are all that remain? Would you consider them capable of taking your place?\" \"I would like to think that your bride is fertile.\" \"Yes,\" Horus said, a smirk briefly forming on his lips. \"She is.\" \"Then the Nile flows, as does your seed.\" \"While the desert remains barren.\" It was a jibe, and Horus meant it. Not in vindication, but in…what, he wondered? Set. Set, the tyrant. Set, the slayer of gods. Set, the monster. Set, the son of Ra, left barren, left in the desert while Ra and Horus were left to the stars and skies, and Osiris to the gardens of the Nile. Might Set have become a different man if Ra had acted differently? Horus did not wish to think so. He would rather direct his ire at his uncle rather than his grandfather. Yet had he not been changed by his journey? Might Set have been different if circumstance had allowed it? Ra got to his feet, no answer on his lips. Night was nearing. The beast hungered. And Horus could only watch. Even the skies were below the heavens. \"Fly away,\" Ra said, and Horus could tell it was directed not just to him, but the crane as well. A bird conspicuously not dead yet. \"Fly away to your skies, and let the sun warm you after night's coming.\" Horus watched his grandfather's radiance increase. Watched as the beast neared. Looked at the crane, knowing he would have to carry it with him if it were to survive. Once, a task below any god. Now, a task he would carry out. If not gladly. Because he suspected that the only reason that the crane was not yet dead was that his grandfather desired the company, however fleeting. \"Farewell, grandfather.\" And so, Horus obeyed the sun's will. Stretching his wings, he took his kin with him to return to the skies. Night was coming. And the days were far from young. A/N So, saw Gods of Egypt and...yeah. It isn't good. Not without some positives, but among other things, I'm left to ask what will happen since Set can't replace Ra, and Apophis is still hungering for the world. Does that mean the setting is screwed? Well, doubt we'll ever get a sequel, but drabbled this up regardless. ","Summary":" Fly Away Home \"A bird, grandfather? Has your fire and fury really been so diminished?\" The god of"},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"To Be Saved","Author":"Sherian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12002808","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She knows it, even before the other gods had been knocking on her door in search of help and shelter; she knew which was the price to pay if she was accepting and nevertheless How refuse to protect them under the protection of her wings? Such as a mother protects her children ... Holds her own wrist with anxiety while watching the evening sky, golden hues still are quite visible between heaven wrapped in a tone red. She knows that he'll come, after all, where else could survivors be hiding? Nowhere they'll all be safe from the slaughter. No place in all Egypt where they can hide from the god of the desert and chaos. Like all the previous times... she waits for him. It won't take long, in less than she imagines all the walls will be surrounded and attacked by her husband's army. She's afraid like the others because she knows that this place isn't safe; the doors of her home will open once again and perhaps for the last time. What can do a god when feeling fear?... To whom can entrust their prayers? She herself saw as Osiris was killed, Horus is blind and he's in the deepest of the exile; for his part, Ra never had heard her words. Why was he going to do it now? There's nobody ... They're alone at the complete mercy of an uncertain future. As the sky turns purple, she doesn't know how long it has been sitting watching at the Nile, when hears a sound in the lower part of her palace. No need to think too much to imagine who it's. She can hear his footsteps behind her back, never in her long life she has been so scared. He sits beside her, looking with her at nothing, Nephthys watches him, he's no longer the god who loved...Now only he is: Set ; his name is almost like a plague that brings death and destruction. A cold air touches her pale face; almost she can feel the breeze from the west inside the wind unrecognizable from the Nile. The cries of the other gods are heard in the distance... And she can smell the metallic smell of blood slipping on the ground. Then she sighs deeply waiting that he does his move and Nephthys seals her fate with a bitter smile. ...Because now there's nobody here to save, even her husband' soul has been corrupted by power... ","Summary":" She knows it, even before the other gods had been knocking on her door in search of help and shelte"},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"Love Does Not Conquer All","Author":"yellowscream","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12374541","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Love Does Not Conquer All Such a romantic and desirable notion… for love to conquer all, but it is a lie; a lie Hathor cannot take refuge in for she knows all too well how love can win… but also how it can and has failed. She wishes that Zaya's unshakable faith was the reality of the world; but she has witnessed the most ardent hearts turn to bitterness when their faith is betrayed, and she has also witnessed the deeds of demons and Set, to know how deep betrayal can go. Bek does not worship a plethora of gods and is truly convinced that Zaya is the love of his life. Hathor could show him women more charming and refined; but Zaya will always be the most beautiful in his eyes. She could say that Bek's heart was too small for any distractions to come in, but she knew Bek would allow himself to be persuaded by Zaya to let others in his heart. It was a jealously guarded heart, better defended than all the vaults in Egypt, she hopes when the time comes it will be light enough to grant him an afterlife. She has given up on the notion that love would be enough for her and Horus. They did love each other, but it was also in her very nature to have a big heart and his jealousy was too easy to flame up, intentional or not. Tonight she knows Bek and Zaya are together, they are happy and at peace. She wants their love to last, but there is a part of her that wants to be part of that love. She goes to them and sees them sleeping in each other's arms, she kisses their foreheads and sends them to a deeper sleep. A couple of months later Bek and Zaya are expecting their first child. ","Summary":" Love Does Not Conquer All Such a romantic and desirable notion… for love to conquer all, but it is "},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"God's Guide to Sleeping With Humans","Author":"LaylaBinx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12021145","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ugh, this silly trash movie has taken over my silly trash life -_-; I love it though; God help me but I love it. This was a fun idea that popped up on the fandom page and I really enjoyed playing around with it. It gets a little angsty a couple times but it does have a happy ending! Hope you all enjoy! Hathor sleeps like a cat. She's long and lean, draping across the bed and and tangling herself in silk sheets like a giant panther. She paces the room on the tips of her toes, slowly, gracefully, fingers gliding over glass tables and marble banisters. She lounges on the bed, stretched out and relaxed or curling around the person with her. It's a bit tricky to sleep with humans due to their small, diminutive size. She finds this out the hard way the first night she sleeps with Zaya. It happens some months after Horus rescues her from the underworld for a second time. She's restless and roving, circling her room like a caged animal. She's torn between wanting to escape and wanting to stay put, battling herself internally, when Zaya steps in the room. She and Bek had been living in the palace since Set's defeat and she had happily volunteered to be the goddess' attendant when she returned. Hathor didn't necessarily want an attendant but she didn't send Zaya away either; she had met the mortal girl briefly when she spoke with her during her journey through the Nine Gates and she was intrigued. She wanted to get to know her, to understand her; she wanted Zaya as her companion, not her attendant. When they slept together that first night it wasn't about sex, it was simply about companionship. She was still antsy from her time in the underworld and both of them were lonely with Horus and Bek away for a council. Zaya stayed with her and she curled around her like a lioness. Being the goddess of love, Hathor is very tactile and affectionate, traits which follow her into the bedroom easily. She's constantly touching, stroking an arm or gliding her fingers through long, dark hair. She sleeps with her partners the way a mother cat would, protective and possessive, holding them close and curling around them. Zaya is so small that in that first night, she loses her in the bed a few times. She finds herself pawing and kneading at the mattress in search of her before finally locating her and dragging her back to her original place in the goddess' arms. Bek is no different and she treats him just the same. Once again, the first night is not about sex when she tugs him against her body and holds him tightly. She tangles her legs around his and drags her fingernails lightly over his back and shoulders. She combs his hair back with her fingers, caresses his cheek lightly, and nuzzles against him affectionately. If there was ever a way to accurately describe Hathor it would be cat like. She can be a bit bolder and more aggressive when it comes to Horus. She doesn't have to be as concerned with accidentally breaking him as she does with Zaya or Bek. When she's with Horus, she can be strong and forceful and passionate. Her skin shimmers bronze in the dim light of their bedroom, the dull, flickering flames of a nearby candle casting long, deep shadows across her body. When she sleeps with him she makes it a point to take up and equal mixture of Horus and the bed, sleeping half on top of him and stretching out over the rest of the mattress. She presses close and nuzzles against his jaw, long fingers tracing hieroglyphs across his chest and the curves of his shoulders. Her fingernails scratch lightly sometimes, claw deeply others, and she's more than capable and willing to sink them in deep when she needs to. In moments like those, when passion gives way to blood, her fingernails will glitter gold in the muted light and they both admire it in equal parts horror and fascination. And then, like a cat, she'll lean down and lap up the golden blood that streaks across his chest in long, shallow scratches, moving up to kiss him, his blood on her lips and the taste of it in her mouth. Some nights when they tumble into bed together she pursues him like a predator, her dark eyes fixed on him and gleaming. On those nights she's quick to pounce, to clear the distance between them in a graceful spring that takes them both down onto the mattress. On those nights she'll nip and bite at him, hungry and desperate and aching. She'll press into him, back arched and fingers kneading across his skin. On those nights, when they're both more animal than god, they'll rip the sheets and destroy the pillows all in a desperate attempt to take the other one down first. Other nights she'll slip into bed with him with the silence and grace of a shadow. Her body will press flush against his, warm and seamless like she's made to be there. Her legs will tangle with his, her head tucked against the curve of his shoulder and her fingers splayed across his broad chest. On those nights, when both of them are troubled by memories of the past, mistakes and pain and loss, they don't speak very much, they simply hold each other and watch as the stars glitter and fade in the sky. Tonight had been something of a mix. Hathor had been waiting for him when he retired for the evening, half-reclined on the bed and wearing little more than a teasing smirk. Her bracelet glitters at her wrist, the jewels twinkling like a thousand tiny stars secured in gold. It's the only thing she's wearing, the only thing that matters, a long held promise of love and devotion between them. He takes her in his arms and pulls her down onto the bed, hissing softly when she bites down on his shoulder none too gently. She's never been one to back down easily and tonight is no different. She meets him with every push and pull, every thrust and every groan. Just as they'd done a hundred times before, her fingernails dig tiny, golden trenches into his skin and, not for the first time, Horus revels in the feeling of pain and blood that accompanies the pleasure. Once they've been sated, they lie in each other's arms, hopelessly tangled in the sheets and each other. They're both uncomfortably warm and slicked with sweat but neither of them care to move. Instead, Hathor moves closer, brushing her lips over the gold-flushed tinge of his cheeks. She pauses briefly and presses a soft, gentle kiss to each of his eyelids, her fingers carding through his hair. She traces her way down slowly, finally capturing his lips in a tender kiss. Her hair falls across her bare shoulders and covers her breasts in silky, dark tendrils. She's impossibly beautiful, wild and dangerous and captivating all at the same time. Horus doubts he's ever loved her more. She curls against him again, hooking one leg over his and tucking her head beneath his chin. Horus's fingers trace long, lazy patterns up and down the length of her spine and in that moment he can swear he hears Hathor purr. OOOOO Horus sleeps like he's trying to make amends for the past. He's quiet and pensive, wading through memories of failure and fall. He still carries the weight of Set's destruction on his shoulders like a living thing, a dense, heavy entity that clings to his back and breathes down his neck. He wrestles with questions of 'what if' and misjudgment and takes the loss of his parents as a deep, gaping wound. When night rolls around and he's left with his mind and his memories, he searches for ways to repair the wrongs he'd been both intentionally and unintentionally the cause of. He seeks out Hathor first, desperate to see her and remind himself that she's here and safe, not trapped and adrift in the darkness of the underworld. When he finds her, he clings to her briefly, wrapping her in his arms and holding her close the way he wanted to before she slipped off her bracelet outside of Set's pyramid. He had been one split second too late, watched in horror as the bracelet fell onto the blood-red sand as she was gripped and pulled into the darkness at the same moment. He had been reaching out for her, arms outstretched, but she was gone in the blink of an eye. He knew that if he survived his encounter with Set, no matter how impossible that may have seemed, he would willingly risk his life to rescue her again. She was everything and he couldn't lose her again. When they lay together in bed, he keeps one hand on her at all times. He can't quite convince himself to let go even though he'd successfully pulled her from the darkness again months ago. He keeps thinking he'll wake up to find her gone again, the bed empty and the sheets cold. He holds onto her like he can somehow make up losing her in the first place. He holds onto Zaya in the same way. On the nights she ends up in bed with him, he clings to her like a silent apology. He knew he couldn't save her from the cold embrace of death, he never could, and he had called Anubis to take her away. It hadn't meant anything in the beginning; she was simply another mortal who met an untimely end on the tip of an arrow. It was nearly impossible to be so flippant now; she's so precious to him, a genuine light in a sometimes heavy and impenetrable darkness that he can't imagine there was ever a time without her. Zaya is more than he's ever deserved and he feels the weight of his failure to her daily. She's honest and pure, she believes in him endlessly, and he had been so quick to release her to the underworld in the beginning. The very idea of it horrified him now and he fights relentlessly to make amends for it even though she assures him it's not necessary. When they sleep together he cradles her close, tucking her in his arms like a precious and priceless treasure. She feels so small and vulnerable in his arms and that only makes him pull her closer. She had been rescued from the underworld just as Hathor had but Horus vows to make it up to both of them somehow. Bek is the one he struggles with the most. He had failed him so many times, deceived him, lied to him, used him to get to Set. If anyone deserved an apology it was the scrappy, stubborn little mortal that had literally crashed into his life at the most inappropriate time. He had been so desperate to get rid of him in the beginning, annoyed and frustrated beyond measure at mortal's gall and sarcasm that he honestly considered just killing him the moment he returned his eye in the temple. Bek said he could get his other eye for him and there was actually a moment where Horus considered cutting his losses and just killing him to be done with it. But he didn't. For some Ra forsaken reason he didn't and he ended up stuck with the foolish, determined, impossibly brave human for the remainder of his journey. He didn't work well with humans and it would have been easy enough to leave him the desert but, once again, he didn't. Something changed along the way, something he didn't expect. He actually began to care about his reckless, impetuous companion and found himself going out of his way to keep him safe. He protected him, shielded him, guarded him as much as possible during the battle against Set but it wasn't enough. Bek was human, he tended to forget that, and humans can break. In the absolute hopelessness of the situation, he consoled himself that at least Bek would be reunited with his love in the afterlife. It was weak comfort as he cradled the small, broken body of the thief in his arms as he walked back into the tomb. As he laid him next to Zaya, gazing upon the bruised and battered face of the irritating little human he'd grown to love, he knew he had failed him. Ra had seen fit to grant him one last request, one last impossible miracle and Bek and Zaya were returned from the brink. It was the greatest gift he could have ever received and Horus knows he'll spend the rest of his long life thankful for it. So every night that Bek finds himself in his bed, Horus utters a couple hundred prayers of thanks to his grandfather. He doesn't know how to even begin atoning for the things he'd done to Bek but with the mortal safe and breathing his arms, he feels like that's a decent enough start. Horus holds onto him, arms wrapped tightly around Bek's thin, wiry frame, and tries to think of ways to make up for their past. OOOOO Zaya sleeps better when she's close to someone. She gets small and quiet, laying close and maintaining some form of contact at all times. She doesn't cling but she holds on like she's afraid of losing herself if he lets go. Horus doesn't understand it at first. When she comes to him the first night, meek and quiet as a desert mouse, she stands in the doorway looking hesitant and unsure. She looks distinctly uncomfortable, not because she's standing in the presence of the god but because of why she's there. She can't sleep when Bek is away and he's not due to come back for another few days. If he's perfectly honest with himself, Horus isn't too happy about Bek's absence either. Thoth had recruited him for something (no one really questioned what) and promised him back by the end of the week. There was very little use arguing with the god of knowledge, anyway; he'd find a way to steal Bek no matter what and it was easier to simply allow him to go in the first place. Bek had departed the day before and the sleepless night Zaya had endured after he left was evident on her face. Her dark, pretty eyes are slightly red from fatigue and there are dull, bruise-like circles beneath them. She shifts slightly when she explains this, tiny hands clasped in front of her nervously. It's embarrassing and she hates it but it can't be helped. Except it can. Horus can't stand to see her like this and he refuses to let her suffer if can help it. Bek trusted him to keep Zaya safe while he was away and he has no plans to break that promise. He offers her his bed until Bek returns, ensuring rest and safety while he's away. Zaya still appears embarrassed by her reasons but she accepts Horus's offer with a small nod and a shy smile. He cradles her close that night, large arms wrapped around her tiny frame as she sleeps. He notices then (though he's not sure if it's a conscious gesture or not) that she tangles her fingers in the fabric of his shirt like she's trying to anchor herself to him. She doesn't wiggle or squirm in his arms, she doesn't move at all except to press her face into his side. She holds onto him all night and Horus returns the favor. In spite of her initial embarrassment and hesitation, it's clear that Zaya sleeps better when someone is close by. There's nothing sexual about those nights, they're simply for comfort and rest. Zaya feels safe with him and she sleeps better when she's curled in his arms and Horus is more than happy to help. Zaya is a little more candid about the root of her sleeplessness with Hathor. Maybe it's because of her close association with the Land of the Dead or her experience in the underworld but Zaya is able to be more open and honest with her. When she has sleepless nights, which come and go with little warning or explanation, she often finds herself seeking out the Mistress of the West. They have an undeniable connection, a bond neither of them bother to question or define. It has nothing to do with manipulation or the fact that Hathor is the goddess of love; notions of love and affection are fluid concepts that shift as frequently as the current in the Nile. Zaya loves Hathor just as she loves Bek and Horus, fully and without hesitation. She's tucked in Hathor's arms one night, her back pressed against the goddess' chest. Zaya is nestled comfortably in Hathor's lap, her fingers tracing over the goddess' hands and fingers absently. Hathor has her arms looped around Zaya's much smaller body loosely, hugging her close and resting her chin lightly on the mortal girl's shoulder. They're both quiet and content, gazing out over the sleeping city like sentinels. They're naked save for the silk sheets wrapped snugly around their bodies, smooth fabric twisting and shifting slightly as they move. \"I dream about it sometimes,\" Zaya tells her quietly, not looking back as she speaks. Hathor frowns and tucks a long, loose tendril of Zaya's hair behind her ear. \"Dream of what, dear one?\" Zaya leans into her a bit more as if seeking an anchor. Hathor is more than happy to assist and draws her a little closer. \"The Land of the Dead,\" Zaya replies after another moment of silence. Her voice is quiet and soft, drifting on the wind like fine particles of sand. \"It's why I have trouble sleeping when I'm alone. I dream of it so often I'm afraid one day I won't wake up and that I'll be trapped there again.\" It's Hathor's turn to be silent and she frowns thoughtfully. She knows that fear all too well, the fear of being trapped in the cold darkness of the underworld, to be lost and longing, wandering hopelessly and searching for any sign of light. Her eyes drift to the bracelet at her wrist, dotted with dozens of glittering gems. That had been her source of light, the one that guided her out of the pit. It had been her saving grace but she knows all too well how many others are never given that reprieve. She keeps Zaya hugged close, tightening her arms around the smaller girl slightly. Zaya may have been granted a second chance at life but that didn't erase her memories of death. Surreal and dreamlike as they were, those memories remained and tugged at her subconscious whenever she was alone. It was no wonder she had trouble sleeping at night. \"It is natural to fear death,\" Hathor tells her quietly, carding her fingers through Zaya's dark hair again. \"But you must not let that fear consume you. We all must walk that path eventually; such is the nature of life. But you should not fear it. For as long as I am able, I will keep you and Bek from harm and ensure that your journey will not begin before you are ready for it. This I vow.\" Zaya smiles softly at the promise. An invisible layer of tension seems to drain from her and she relaxes a little more against the goddess. \"You are too good to us,\" she says quietly, her voice cracking just slightly with some kind of raw emotion. Hathor hugs her close and brushes her lips against the mortal girl's temple. \"I am the goddess of love,\" she tells her simply by way of explanation. \"It is not a title I hold lightly, particularly when it pertains to the ones I hold most dear. I give my love and protection to you willingly.\" When they do fall asleep later that evening, Zaya remains curled in Hathor's arms, her head tucked beneath the goddess' chin. She sleeps deeply, unconscious lines of tension and worry softening from her features. She doesn't seem as hesitant to fall asleep following their conversation but she holds onto Hathor nonetheless. OOOOO Bek sleeps like he's going to war. He does not sleep peacefully or quietly; he tosses and turns pretty much all night, thrashing and mumbling as ghouls and phantoms haunt his dreams. There is nothing restful about his sleep patterns and it's a wonder he's not more exhausted upon waking than he was when he fell asleep the night before. Zaya is used to his restlessness and has found ways to sleep around it. She can tuck herself into his arms and manage to keep him at least marginally still throughout the night (although he still mutters and shifts fitfully through most of it). On particularly rough nights, when Bek is especially ill at ease, Zaya will wake up several times through the night to soothe him, combing her fingers through his hair, whispering his name softly, effectively chasing away the darkness that plagues his dreams. Bek has nightmares frequently although he never seems to remember them upon waking or if he does he claims ignorance. Sometimes Zaya thinks she hears him saying names in the middle of the night, phantoms she's never met or heard of before. She wants to ask but she doesn't; she just holds Bek tightly in the middle of the night in the hopes that she can drive away some of his demons. Zaya has a feeling most of his dreams are related to his childhood although she doesn't know for sure; Bek was careful to keep a good majority of his past hidden from everyone, even Zaya. He would just smile and tell her not to worry, closing that door and throwing away the key. He didn't want to burden her or anyone else with whatever dark, unhappy things he kept locked behind that door and he was more than happy to keep it closed forever. He couldn't keep them from his subconscious though and his restless, troubled sleep was indicative of that. He would often wake up gasping and breathless, hopelessly tangled in the bedding and skin prickled with sweat. He's able to shrug it off well enough during the day but at night he's usually left at the mercy of the things he does his best to suppress. Hathor notices this early on although she doesn't know how to help him. She often finds him wandering around the palace late at night, unusually quiet and thoughtful in the darkness of the hallways. It wasn't like him, his usual humor and sarcasm replaced with undeniable tension. When Hathor asks him about this, Bek just offers an easy smile and tells her that sometimes he just has occasional insomnia and it's nothing to worry about. It would be easy enough to believe if it didn't happen so frequently. On average she notices that he experiences \"occasional insomnia\" several times during the week. He never seems bothered by it but it leaves Hathor concerned and she mentions it to Zaya. In turn, Zaya tells her about his regular nightmares and restlessness, how he seems to fight and struggle in his sleep more nights than not. Zaya is at a loss as well and neither of them know how to help. Hathor invites both him and Zaya to share her bed one evening, wondering if the closeness of both of them would help ease the thief's troubled mind enough to allow him to sleep peacefully. It works for about half the night before Bek becomes restless and fidgety again, one arm flailing out and accidentally smacking the goddess in the face just before dawn. Bek apologizes for three full days afterward and no matter how hard Hathor tries to convince that it's alright and that he hadn't hurt her (being struck by a human was little more distressing that being struck by a moth), Bek still feels guilty. Horus is the only one who seems to have any success in easing Bek's sleep troubles. Following the incident, Hathor had mentioned her concerns to him, wondering if he had a solution they hadn't considered yet. She even brings it up to Thoth to see if the god of knowledge had any suggestions. When Thoth makes an offhanded comment about borrowing Bek for a few days for a sleep study Horus makes an equally offhanded comment about rounding up all of Thoth's copies and burying them in the world's largest pile of lettuce. He's determined to figure out how to help Bek if it's the last thing he does. Horus had experienced Bek's restlessness first hand during their travels together to defeat Set but he had simply attributed it to nerves and adrenaline. Even after Set was defeated and both Bek and Zaya had been resurrected, he factored his thief's continued edginess to the residual stress and anxiety left over from several near-death experiences and even death itself. It hadn't occurred to him that it could be something deeper than that until a little while later. Horus is all too aware of it now though and he knows how to fix it to a certain extent. It's not perfect and it certainly doesn't get to the root of the problem but it's a temporary solution that works and that's all that matters. He doesn't know what triggers Bek's nightmares or what factors into them but he knows what to look for and sees the subtle signs of things to come. He knows that when Bek is more fidgety and on edge during the day, it's usually indicative of a restless night to come. He watches as Bek forces himself to stay awake deep into the night in a vain attempt to keep the nightmares at bay and he knows that when he eventually does give up and succumb to the exhaustion, a rough night generally follows. Horus recognizes these signs and has a method for counteracting the negative effects they bring. When Bek is showing signs of an impending difficult and turbulent night, Horus makes sure he's sharing a bed with the small, fitful mortal when the evening comes. Bek doesn't understand it at first but then they've shared a bed together before so it's not such an unusual situation. He allows the god to pull him close and keep one arm looped around his waist as he drifts to sleep, exhausted and weary from the day before. When the nightmares inevitably begin later, which they always do, Horus is waiting for it and he's prepared. They often begin slow at first, Bek's fingers twitching slightly and his breathing picking up a little in the middle of the night. The muscles in his back tense slightly and he begins shifting and twisting restlessly as they begin to get more vivid. Horus wakes up almost immediately, recognizing the signs of distress just as they begin. With his arm still wrapped around Bek, large hand spanning the length of his ribs, he can feel the quickening thump of the mortal's heartbeat against his palm. The god frowns and sets his plan into motion. Keeping one arm wrapped around his thin, wiry thief, he pulls him closer until the smaller man is pressed flush against his body. He moves his other arm and wraps it around him as well, cradling him close and tight. Just as Zaya had done all the many nights before, he holds him close and whispers his name, keeping his voice soft and gentle as he speaks. It has the desired effect and after a moment or two, Bek begins to relax and the tension in his muscles loosens. He shakes himself awake a short time later, realizing what's happened and immediately feeling ashamed. \"You shouldn't lose sleep because of me,\" he says by way of apology, shifting a little in the god's arms like he's trying to pull away. \"I'll leave so you can rest.\" In response, Horus just tightens his arms around the mortal and keeps him hugged against his chest. \"You'll do nothing of the sort,\" he tells him gently, shifting the stubborn little thief in his arms so that Bek is now facing him. \"You need sleep as well and I'm not releasing you until I believe you're sufficiently rested.\" \"You're a stubborn bastard,\" Bek tells him affectionately, knowing this is a losing fight. Not that he has that much fight in him at the moment; in spite of himself, all he wants to do is drift off again and go back to sleep. \"And you're a troublesome thief,\" Horus retorts, his tone equally fond. His thumb traces the length of the smaller man's spine carefully, feeling every bump and prominence of bone beneath his skin. \"Sleep,\" he tells him gently, his lips brushing lightly against Bek's forehead. \"I will keep you safe.\" Bek accepts the offer with a small, tired smile and allows himself to drift off again. The amount of trust he places in the god now compared to the level of distrust he'd had in him before is staggering and Horus vows never to let him down again. The nightmares resurface later in the night, as they're often wont to do, but the god is prepared for this as well. With every flinch and frown and twitch, he simply hugs Bek closer and traces long, smooth lines up and down the length of his spine with his thumb. \"You're safe,\" he tells him over and over, forcing undying conviction into his voice with each word. \"Everything is alright. Go back to sleep.\" It works. Neither of them are really sure why but it works. When he sleeps with Horus, tucked in the god's arms and pressed tightly against his broad chest, Bek is finally able to escape his demons even if it's only temporarily. When he sleeps with Horus, Bek is actually able to sleep . Thanks for reading guys! :D ","Summary":" Ugh, this silly trash movie has taken over my silly trash life -_-; I love it though; God help me b"},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"Knowing how to Wait","Author":"Sherian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13024417","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Again, there were gathered, only: the moon, the sun and she: \"Queen of the Desert.\" Queen of a lonely place, a territory inhabited; all her kingdom was: dry, lifeless ... almost totally dead. There is no person here , anyone, not a soul in more than thousand kilometres around. her kingdom and prison, it was away from all other gods and even of mere mortals by a whim of her husband now nonexistent. She was the only living thing besides of scorpions and snakes that were on out there. Something her forced to remain here in isolation... waiting. This particular afternoon the walls seem to be colder than usual, cast in peace and deadly calm. It seems that she doesn't notice because now she doesn't feel absolutely nothing, no fear, no anxiety, no joy , nothing . Anew here, between the cold walls around her, she's alone. Alone. How could she learn to live with this undesirable loneliness that seemed to have no end? Only in accompany of celestial bodies who watched her from afar, she could keep herself sane... But always they seem to be mute , voiceless and in a deep silence, so quiet that it seems they aren't there with her . Never this place was so silent, cold and dark, up there the stars are hidden by the thick clouds and probably only the moon will be her companion when the sky gets dark and night comes. She's surrounded by the sweltering heat of the day and the unbearable cold of the nights... still, just the afternoon is pleasant. Once again, this afternoon was at her side: the moon about to make its appearance and the sun taking its last breaths before dying , again . It's at this time when she feels less alone than ever. Almost happy…but … How to learn to wait for him? Over the months when she didn't receive any news of him , absolutely nothing ; almost as if the desert had swallowed him from the face of the earth; she understands that he won't return. \"Set\" The sound of his name moves away from her mouth and disappears along with the wind. And in the loneliness of his remembrance, she sighs and contemplates her past. She reminds herself a long time ago, more than she can remember , in this very room with her trembling and cold hands, with her tears coursing pale cheeks, her mouth trembled as she watched him leave, away from her… until to get lost between in the horizon that divides the sweltering of desert heat and the immensity of the blue sky. Perhaps a part of her knew it when she saw him leave, she knew that if he went, he wouldn't return. And so, it was; to spend several years she finally had to accept that he wasn't coming back, not tonight, not the next night or a night following that. Maybe will never. Still, since a long time, there a little hope that refuses to die inside her and forces it her to stay here, makes it her sits down in the same place, every afternoon when the weather is endurable. Nephthys wanted deeply that he returned. She clings to this simple wish as a thirsty mortal who implores to the gods a little of water for the Nile. The only difference is that she's a goddess and doesn't have anyone to implore her wish. \"How much longer she would have to wait?\" She wondered herself when touched her own cold and observes still the large endless desert, waiting ... always waiting for him. ","Summary":" Again, there were gathered, only: the moon, the sun and she: \"Queen of the Desert.\" Queen of a lo"},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"Demi-God of Egypt","Author":"BlackoSun","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12610876","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Demi-God of Egypt Teaser Chapter! I own and U own Nada, I own but U don't own the OCsPlotCreativeLicecineMyself, not U My mother looked down at me with both love and fear holding on to her face, her sparkling blue eyes looked over me as she smiled. I heard the screams and clash of metal on metal ring close outside of our house, I started to turn my head to glance out the window. \"Bek please look at me. They are after me honey, I have something for you that was your father gave me before he left. You need to take it it is what they are after and if they get it they will kill us all.\" I watched through tears as she pulled off the only piece of jewelry that she owned. A onyx and emerald band fitting her wrist perfectly \"Bek once I put this on you, you must never take it off unless the time absolutely calls for it.\" I let a small sob nodding my head. She pulled the clasps outward placing it on my neck, a soft steady glow of black and green pulsed from it shaping it to a necklace. Bek watched it amazed never seeing his mother run out the house leading them away, he looked up as the glow muted to see her be killed. He started to run to her but was scooped up by a family friend \"Come little Bek, she did this for you and now we must hide. So run!\" He dropped him in a shadow as the army chased him. \"Kill him\" the general pushed a bow into a soldiers chest \"Yes sir!\" Drawing back the twing of the bow echoed as the man fell dead. The general stiffened as a child screamed in terror \"Find him, Now!\" The soldiers searched thoroughly looking for the survivor. Bek curled into a ball tears streaming down his face waiting for one of the men to grab him and slay him mercilessly. One of the men was above him looking straight at him before moving away \"Sir there is no one.\" Bek looked up as the sound of horses thundered out of the village leaving him alown in bloodily clothes. He sniffled quietly pulling out from behind the boxes spinning around he saw only carnage and destruction, seeing nothing left he ran. He ran from the village the only thing to remember it by glowing a soft shade green making his eyes shine with the colour. His life was over and a new one was about to be forged from the ashes, the only things going to last were a name and a necklace created by a god. A/N: Finished! This is a unique writing if I have to say anything. Have fun reading other stories and good luck~! BlackoSun Out! ","Summary":" Demi-God of Egypt Teaser Chapter! I own and U own Nada, I own but U don't own the OCsPlotCreativeLi"},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"Way Back to Love","Author":"Alexxis T. Swan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11966497","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Gods of Egypt. Author's Note: So my first post in over two years and that too in some random fandom with 2 other stories at the moment- weird I know. I also used present tense rather than the conventional past because I've been thinking of script-writing lately. I watched this movie for the eye candy and because of the awesome trailer song (Gods of War by Celeste Buckingham). The ending made me wonder how Horus & Hathor's relationship would fare in the aftermath of the movie's events. I ended up doing a lot of background research on the mythology as the one scene of dialog I wanted to write became a quest that ended up writing itself. Hathor is such a strong and interesting character that she makes for a wonderful muse. Way Back to Love Three days. That's how long it takes Horus to locate Hathor. He finds her tussling with the demons surrounding her, her fire not yet sapped though her body showed the damage of time spent in this hell. He uses his transformed wings to cut a path through to her and hold her tightly as he slips the bracelet of 42 stars on her arm. They fall through a void and land on the sand of the desert. Horus, now back to his normal form, stands up to survey their surroundings, recognizing an old relic in the distance. \"We're a day out from the palace, not bad.\" He grins down at Hathor to find her breathing heavily on her knees. He kneels down next to her and grabs her firmly by the shoulders, \"Hey it's okay, it's gonna be alright. You're never going back there again, even if I have to meld that thing to your arm.\" He chuckles and pulls her into his embrace. Hathor relaxes against him and speaks with a parched voice, \"You came for me.\" \"I will always come for you.\" He replies, drawing her up to meet his lips in a slow kiss. As they break apart, she turns her head away and says, \"I cannot return to the palace with you.\" \"Hathor, we must heal you! I will hear of nothing else!\" Horus declares sharply, transforming and picking her up bridal style before flying them home. After they arrive and he leaves her in the care of the waiting servants, he confers with Bek about what has occurred in his absence and other affairs of state. When Zaya joins them and comments on how happy he must be to have Hathor back, Horus confesses, \"I don't think I really do. She didn't want to come here.\" After a moment of thought, Zaya counsels him, \"Perhaps she has bad memories of this place. She was Queen of Egypt under Set's rule.\" The reminder stung him more painfully than any physical wound he had ever received. He imagines her, the free spirit that she is, locked in the King's chambers and sharing a bed with his cruel uncle Set. The image drives him to his knees. He cannot deal with the guilt, shame and regret- with knowing it was his defeat that led Hathor to submit to such a fate for his sake. Bek moves to comfort him but Zaya pulls him back and shakes her head, indicating this was something Horus would have to deal with on his own. Bek looks ready to argue so she leads them out of the room to a hall. \"Zaya we have to help! I've seen how much they love each other and,\" Bek begins but is cut off. \"The wedge between them is stuck in place Bek. Horus blames himself for Hathor having been with Set and Hathor doesn't want to belong to a King again. What could we say to either of them?\" She explains looking into her beloved's eyes. \"They will find their way back to each other when time heals his heart and her spirit.\" Zaya's prophesy takes many years to bear fruit. Once fully recovered, Hathor spends her time with everyone but Horus who focuses on being King and tries to forget her rejection and his heartbreak in the arms of others. She occasionally answers the prayers of lovers but more importantly travels throughout Egypt, relishing in being free once again. She seeks out Nephthys to apologize for being with her husband but Nephthys says there is nothing to forgive. They find peace and strength together, to accept their lives with Set and move on. She goes next to Thoth who is for once baffled. He cannot figure out why she takes up residence in his library, lighting up his life with her beauty, happiness and wit. Much time passes before he can swallow his pride enough to ask. She tells him she hopes some of his wisdom will rub off on her. Her heart yearns for Horus but her head knows she would be unhappy as Queen. Thoth ponders on the matter and decides to eliminate the factors of her desire. \"Are you happy right now?\" He asks her. \"Yes- yes I am.\" Hathor replies earnestly. \"Do you feel indebted to Horus for freeing you from the demons?\" He queries, noting Horus is not an essential part of her life's purpose based on the last response. \"No, because he wouldn't want me to be.\" She says after thinking about it. \"Are you guilty about Set?\" He probes with great caution. \"I was but not anymore. I did what I had to.\" She answers, looking to the moon through the open window from the bench set she was perched on. \"You are in Horus' heart, do you feel duty bound as the goddess of love to reciprocate his feelings?\" Thoth presents what he thinks will be the most revealing question. Hathor pauses for a long moment, searching her heart, before turning to face her friend with doubt. \"Perhaps that is it.\" \"Hathor your heart is as important as any other. You of all the Gods should know that it is alright to love one, many or yourself.\" Thoth informs her with something akin to affection. \"You're right.\" She accepts and hugs him. He embraces her in return, glad to have been able to help. He expects her to depart with this knowledge soon after but once again to his confusion, she stays and learns how to read and write from his many copies. Deeming the script too boring, Hathor invents calligraphy and Thoth gains new admiration and respect for her. Her fascination with the pyramids leads him to take him time away from his knowledge transcription task (76% complete) to show her the wonders and workings of architecture. She is a quick study and her enthusiasm is a refreshing reminder of his younger self. Despite his nature, Thoth finds himself falling for Hathor and, unable to lie, tell her so. Hathor says she considers him her dearest friend and a mentor. She has enjoyed their time together but she must go now, so he may get over these feelings and so she may right what is wrong with things. Thoth seems the prudence in her decision and lets her go. They share one parting kiss as a testament to a path not taken. She returns to the palace and seeks a private audience with King Horus. He grants it to her but he is angry, jealous of what he thinks she has shared with Thoth. Ready to rebuff any attempt at reconciliation, he is thrown off when she requests him to take her to see Ra. News of his depression was common knowledge of all Egypt it seemed. With a heavy heart, he informs her that his grandfather will not speak to anyone, even him. Hathor promises that she can snap him out of it and Horus believes her for reasons he could not explain. So he flies her to the solar boat at noon and confirms he will collect her a day later. Seated a few steps below Ra, Hathor tries talking to him about Set whose betrayal she suspects is the cause of this sorrow. When that does not work, she comes up with and dismisses the idea of commanding the Great God. Steeling herself, she performs a dance- the most sensual and indecent one she knows – a sight no man or God had ever witnessed before. This is enough to bring out laughter from Ra and return him to good spirits. Over a game of Senet, they discuss the tidings of Egypt but mostly the Underworld. Hathor confesses she has been thinking of giving company to Anubis for a while. Ra tells her it is unwise to dabble in the Underworld, that it is an all or nothing commitment. Hathor hesitates and Ra hints that one of her future children may take over her role as Lady of the West. When Horus arrives, Ra explains how his father Osiris is now king of the Underworld, passing judgement of the scales as Horus has decreed. Before they depart, Hathor proposes that Ra retrieve Set from his punishment in the Underworld to train him to take his place so that Ra may finally rest. Ra doesn't believe Set would accept this and neither does Horus but Hathor suggest an incentive. She says Ra should allow Set to have a son (with a willing Goddess) but the son's lifespan would only last as long as Set carried out his duties. Ra finds the proposal interesting and says he will consider it. When Horus and Hathor return to the palace, they have a long overdue conversation. It is both ironic and convenient that Zaya and Bek get to overhear it. Horus admits he was reckless to fight Set with such anger the day of the coronation, apologizes for the position it put her in and thanks her for saving his life. He has tried to move on but she is still the only one in his heart, even if another may be in hers. Hathor says she needed time to find herself again and it was only with the sisterhood of Nephthys, the teachings of Thoth and the guidance of Ra that she could come to terms with what she really wanted. He waits with bated breath for her to continue. \"You. It's only ever been you Horus.\" The words bring him unprecedented joy and all of Egypt rejoices in their union as she becomes his consort and mother of his children. The gods gift them an eternal flame to commemorate their love. In line with Ra's prediction, Hathor gives birth to a daughter named Amentet who goes on to assist and protect the dead on their journey through the nine gates. She also bears a son Ihy, god of music, dancing and beer. Hathor's choice to be with Horus was not an easy one but real love is all she has ever wanted. Now that she has found it and come to terms with it, she would never let it go. I forgot how fun it is to write for myself. Review if you have any comments about this story or the movie! ~Alexxis T. Swan ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Gods of Egypt. Author's Note: So my first post in over two years and that "},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"The Difference Between Bait and Fishing","Author":"LaylaBinx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12012030","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Efffff...this silly movie and its glorious ship have straight up ruined my life. Did I want to want to leave the theater as total Horbek trash? Absolutely not. Did I leave the theater as total Horbek trash? You bet your ass I did. *incoherent grumbling* Anyway, this is a fill for one of the prompts over on the fandom page; a kind of \"what if\" scenario about what may have happened if Set had taken Bek during the pyramid scene. This story will go right up to the part where they go off to face Set at the end of the movie so I apologize if it seems a little abrupt. I'm still getting used to the characters so hopefully everyone is pretty close to canon! Hope you guys like it! :D \"What's the matter? Nothing to say?\" The mortal glares at him from his place against the wall. \"Oh believe me, there is plenty I would like to say. I could fill an entire scroll with things I want to say and not a single one of them would be complimentary. However, as I'm not entirely keen on the idea of having my tongue ripped out of my mouth, I'm keeping my comments to myself.\" The god of the chaos smirks at the feisty human. \"You're smarter than I gave you credit for; I'll keep that in mind. It's a shame you weren't on my side, I would have made you a rich man.\" The mortal, Bek, rolls his eyes and slumps against the column he's chained to. \"How kind of you. I'll pass. I think I preferred the company of the sphinx.\" Set smirks at his prisoner again. \"I can see why he favored you. Most mortals wouldn't dare speak to a god so imprudently. You're either incredibly bold or incredibly foolish.\" \"I'm incredibly irritated if you must know,\" Bek retorts with a glare. It's difficult to to give off a decent impression of ire and outrage when one is chained to a stone column but he feels he pulls it off well enough. \"Being held hostage by a megalomaniacal god was not how I thought this day would turn out but here I am.\" He gestures, sort of, around the room with one chained wrist. To say that the day had taken an unexpected and disappointing turn would have been an understatement. Getting captured by a murderous, egomaniacal god with a superiority complex had been just the tip of the metaphorical sword. That would have been bad enough but then to find out that Horus had been lying to him for the past two days, using him to get his revenge against Set, that had been a harsh blow. He wants to be angry at Horus for deceiving him but honestly he's just mad at himself. He's angry that he actually allowed himself to trust Horus, to believe that he could bring Zaya back in exchange for his help. He's angry that he allowed himself to be so blinded, to put so much faith in a selfish, vengeful god who acted for nothing more than a personal vendetta. Horus had tricked and used him to his own advantage and Bek had allowed it to happen. He feels a hot flush of shame and anger flare across his skin. He'd never been one for worship and religion, he never prayed to the gods or asked for their help. Not until Zaya. She had been the one to hold conviction for both of them, to worship and pray and glorify the gods for both their sakes. When she died, he wanted to believe that her constant faith and devotion would have been enough for the gods to have mercy on her, not for his sake but for hers. Zaya was innocent and pure and if anyone deserved to be saved it was her. So against every instinct he possessed, he allowed himself to believe that Horus could save her. He was willing to give up everything, to throw the bones and take an insane risk if it meant she would be brought back. He should have known better...he should have been able to protect her… In the end it was all for nothing; Horus couldn't save Zaya and Bek wonders if he would have honored their promise even if he could. Bek sighs and lets his head drop back against the stone column. He feels bruised and battered all over, his muscles stiff and sore from days of fight or flight. The adrenaline high from the past two days is finally beginning to wear off, bringing with it a bone-deep ache and a wave of exhaustion. Both of his wrists have been rubbed raw from the chains securing him to the column and there's a deep, gnawing bruise forming along the length of his spine. The fact that no bones had been broken in the past few days was a minor miracle in and of itself. He doesn't thank the gods for that though; he credits it to skill and dumb luck. His capture earlier hadn't really helped matters; Set wasn't exactly gentle when he dragged him out of the pyramid. He wasn't worried about damaged goods, he would more than likely kill him before this was all over anyway. That thought alone should have been terrifying but it's not. Bek can't even find it in him to be scared or anxious or angry anymore; he just feels tired. The memories of the pyramid had been a blur. He remembers bits and pieces, snippets that had a hard time coming together to form a coherent picture. He remembers the sphinx and the riddle, Thoth's answer and the thunderous crumble of sand and stone as the sphinx collapsed in defeat. He remembers the cage, Horus and Hathor trapped inside, and Set murdering Thoth. And then the truth, the lie, the confession; whatever it was. It all came tumbling out like a landslide. Horus had lied, he couldn't save Zaya, he'd been using him. Bek was crushed and he wasn't sure if it was because Zaya was gone forever or if it was because Horus had deceived him. The blow had been enough to floor him and it had given Set just the opportunity he needed to snatch the flask containing the Waters of Creation and destroy it. Bek had expected to die then and there, to be swallowed in the red sands of the desert and forgotten for all time. Honestly he would have welcomed it; Zaya was gone and he nothing left. What else was there to live for? But he didn't die in the pyramid, Set saw to that. He left Horus and Hathor in the cage and snatched Bek up by the scruff of the neck like an unruly kitten, shoving him under one arm and strolling out of the pyramid as it collapsed behind him. For the briefest of moments, Bek could have sworn he saw a flash of something like fear in Horus' eye, an expression that looked equal parts possessive and protective. It was hard to tell, what with being unceremoniously hauled out of the pyramid like a sack of sand by the desert god. He thought he heard Horus shout his name, call out for him, but it was difficult to hear anything over the crumbling of the pyramid. He doesn't really know what happened after that, only that one minute they were right outside the ruins of Set's pyramid and the next they were in a great stone hall housing what looked like a forge on one end. Set dropped him at the base of the nearest column and chained him to it, linking the chains around both wrists. It was meant to keep him in place rather than actively restrain him; Set had bigger concerns than a scrawny, wayward thief. Toward the end of the hall at the top of a stone stairway leading up to the forge, Set's followers were busy assembling what looked like pieces of battle armor. They work quickly and efficiently, reciting praises and incantations as they haul huge slabs of metal from one station to another. It's like watching a clump of ants struggle with a giant blade of grass, scurrying all around in the hopes of getting their prize to the correct location. \"You should feel honored,\" Set tells him, his eyes locked on the busy workers at the end of the hall. \"You will be one of the few mortals to witness my greatest achievement, something Osiris could never have hoped to accomplish.\" Bek follows his gaze down toward the forge and frowns. \"Your greatest achievement is building a suit of armor?\" The desert god looks at him like the question is quite possibly the stupidest thing he's ever heard. He allows a quiet chuckle before dropping to a crouch and reaching out to pat the side of Bek's face roughly. It enough to knock the smaller man to the side with very little effort. \"I forget how utterly hopeless you mortals are sometimes,\" he chides lightly, giving him an indulgent smile like he's speaking to a very small, naive child. He grabs Bek by the arm suddenly and pulls him back upright. The shift is sharp and forceful enough to cause the joint in shoulder flare in protest. Set hears the pained gasp but he doesn't care; he grabs Bek's chin and jerks his head to the side so that he's looking toward the forge again. \"This is not simply a suit of armor,\" he tells him, his voice sharp and a little threatening. \"Look at the elements used to create it: the wings of Nephthys, the knowledge of Thoth, the heart of Osiris.\" He releases Bek's chin and glares down at him, a dangerous flash of power flickering through his eyes. \"I am not longer just one god, I am all of them. I possess their strengths, their power, everything that made them divine. I am the change the world needs, the spark that will ignite a new age.\" He releases his grip on the human's jaw and gestures around the room grandly. \"No longer will you look to a pantheon of gods, a cluster of useless deities who are content in complacency and sedation. You will look to one all-powerful god, immortal and almighty. You will look to me and fall to your knees, supplant yourself before me and submit to my reign. This is my accomplishment, you foolish boy. This is what Osiris could never achieve.\" \"Well then you may want to make the suit a bit bigger,\" Bek tells him, his eyes narrowing up at the god above him. \"I doubt your ego will fit inside.\" Set smirks and shakes his head, chuckling humorlessly. One hand suddenly flies out and catches Bek across the face, knocking him to the side painfully. Bek winces and coughs, his mouth filling with blood. The blow hadn't been enough to break his jaw but it was close; he's pretty sure a few of his teeth had been rattled in their sockets. He winces again and pulls himself back into a sitting position, spitting out a glob of blood onto the polished stone floor. \"I would be cautious, mortal,\" the desert god tells him gravely, his blue eyes narrowing in warning. \"The only reason you're still alive is because you're useful to me. The moment you outlive that usefulness, I will kill you.\" It wasn't a threat, it was a promise. Still, Bek had never been one for intimidation and he's certainly not going to succumb to it now. \"You're using me,\" he repeats, spitting out another mouthful of blood. \"For what purpose? What could you possibly need me for?\" Set gives him another tolerant smirk. \"I should think it would be obvious by now.\" Bek glares at him and shakes his head. \"My apologies but I think you'll have to elaborate.\" The god of the desert levels him with a sharp look. \"I'm using you as bait to draw out Horus.\" The explanation takes him by surprise; so much so that Bek begins to laugh. It hurts, his aching jaw protesting the movement, but he laughs anyway. \"You're wasting your time,\" he says finally, seeing the perplexion on Set's face. \"Horus won't come for me.\" \"Oh, but he will,\" Set counters easily like the human's denial was a non-issue. \"Do you want to know why?\" He crouches down again and gets right in Bek's face. \"Because he has to. Look around you,\" he gestures around the hall again with one hand. \"The gods have fallen, brought low by one of their own. Horus will come because he does not want to admit defeat, he does not want to admit that he's been beaten. He'll come because he has nothing left to lose.\" He reaches out and ruffles the human's hair roughly. \"I just took the last thing he had, the last thing he might have cared about. Trust me, he'll come for you.\" Bek jerks away from his hand and shakes his head. \"So why bother with the pyramid? Why not kill him when he was in the cage?\" The desert god shrugs one shoulder loosely. \"Too simple. Think of this as adding insult to injury. I've humiliated him, rid him of his allies and worshippers, left him partially blind and weakened. Thoth was my target at the pyramid, not Horus. But I wanted him to watch from inside that cage, to feel helpless and powerless as I destroyed the last few ties to his privileged life. Losing everything is the only way to gain anything in this world, boy. Weakness is an unacceptable trait in a king and cannot be tolerated for any reason. I wanted him to see the kinds of necessary sacrifices a true king is willing to make for the benefit of his kingdom.\" Set shakes his head, a look of disgust crossing his features. \"Horus is immature and sentimental, the softness of his father literally bleeding into his character. If he truly believes he can defeat me, I will welcome the challenge. You are his final weakness, an unexpected soft spot he wasn't even aware he had developed. You will be his fatal flaw, the reason for his downfall. When he comes for you, which he will, I'm going to make sure he watches while I kill you. And then, when has absolutely nothing left, I'll kill him too.\" Bek glares up at him, the muscles in his jaw clenching tightly. He may not be overly fond of Horus at the moment but this was going too far. \"You speak so highly of strength and sovereignty,\" he grumbles, meeting the desert god's sharp gaze evenly. \"But it takes an extraordinarily weak god to steal his powers from others all in the hopes of making himself stronger. A god like that doesn't seem very poweeful to me.\" Something dark and murderous flashes across Set's face just then and Bek doesn't have time to even think that maybe taunting the god of chaos isn't such a good idea before his skull is smacked against the stone pillar behind him. The world flashes black for a moment before there's a secondary explosion of pain in his side, the impact hard enough to knock him over again. He's not sure what hit him, a fist or a foot, but whatever it was broke a rib. For a moment he can't breathe, he just lays there on the floor gasping and doing his best not to lose consciousness. His vision is swimming and he can feel blood matting the hair at the back of his head. The newly broken rib feels like a dagger driving itself deeper and deeper into his chest with every shallow breath and he swallows convulsively a few times to keep from throwing up. Above him Set stands slowly, regarding him with disdain like he's little more than a troublesome pebble in his shoe. \"I tried to warn you,\" he tells him dismissively as he walks toward the forge. \"That smart mouth will do you more harm than good.\" Bek watches him walk away, desperately trying to focus on his retreating form. Everything is blurry and large, black blotches keep streaking in and out of his field of vision. He can't be sure if he's actually seeing what it is he thinks he's seeing (questionable visual anomalies and all) but at the end of the hall Set appears to disappear into the molten heart of the forge. He emerges from the pit a few moments later, massive, terrifying, and swathed in gold. The other divine components have been added to his golden armor: metal wings, a glowing brain, the blinding flash of an eye. Bek tries to take it all in but his pain-addled brain has a difficult time accepting all of it. Set appears above him again suddenly but his face is visible in place of the beastly visage that had been there only a moment before. \"Stay here and try not to die,\" he tells him impassively, his attention focused toward the end of the hall. \"I need someone to keep my nephew entertained until I return. Now if you'll excuse me I need to have a word with my father.\" There's a deep, thunderous clap of wings that rattles the ground briefly and then Set is gone, leaving Bek alone and still chained to the column. Which is fine with him, honestly, because he kind of doubts he could stand right now if it came down to it. He also doubts he can stay conscious for much longer. After another few seconds of fighting it, he finally gives up and allows darkness to take him. OOOOO He dreams about Zaya. Or at least he thinks he dreams about her. The hall is dark and cold, grey flames licking the walls above black stone sconces. There are thrones of grey, withered old men on either wall, their empty eye sockets peering down at the small figures below with no trace of compassion or empathy. They're dried husks, their bodies frail and held together by papyrus-thin skin. Zaya shouldn't be in a place like this. He finds her near the edge of an abyss, a long, stone peak jutting out over black nothingness. What looks like a door revolves slowly in front of her, one side bright like a summer's day and the other side black and foreboding like smoke rising from a house fire. He calls out to her but she doesn't hear him; she stands frozen near the foot of the walkway. A voice like dry, brittle tree bark asks what she has to offer for her passage into the afterlife. His heart sinks; she has nothing, she'll be doomed to an afterlife of misery and despair. He calls out to her again, runs toward her, and he knows the dead can't speak to the living but he has to try. She turns toward him, confused and unsure. He's there but he shouldn't be. Not unless… \"Bek?\" her voice comes out as a broken croak, tears welling in her eyes. If he's here it means he's dead too. He tries to answer her but his own voice is distant and swirled in layers of fog. He's not dead, he's at least reasonably certain of that, but he also figures he's close enough to make an appearance here. He reaches out to her, his hand passing through hers like she's made of mist. He would give anything to hold her one last time. There's a tremendous crash from the portal ahead of them and the walls shake and tremble on either side. Zaya collapses to her knees, a few of the other souls behind her following suit. There's a flash of movement and the jackal-headed god Anubis runs to the tip of the peak, doing his best to steady the portal to the afterlife. He curses under the strain, the sharp, stone outcrop shuddering beneath his feet. Zaya tears her attention away from Anubis and looks back at Bek. \"Horus is the only one who can fix this,\" she tells him urgently, her dark eyes locking onto him. \"You must help him!\" He shakes his head in denial. She doesn't understand, she doesn't know the kind of god he is. He's a liar and a manipulator; he's not the god she thinks he is. \"He's the only one who can make this right!\" Zaya insists, apparently hearing his argument even though he wasn't sure he had said anything out loud to begin with. \"You have to trust him!\" But how can they trust him? Horus is driven by vengeance and hatred and pride; his sole purpose is to exact revenge against Set. They can't trust him to fix this when he's still so blinded by personal vendetta. \"Then trust me ,\" Zaya urges him, reaching out in the general direction of his hand. Her hand passes through his again, cool mist passing through vapor. \"He needs you.\" Her faith in the gods has never ceased to amaze him; even now when there are only a handful of gods left to believe in. He can't let her down, not again. She believes in him and she believes in Horus and for that reason he decides to believe in him again as well. Horus is their only chance and if he fails then they have nothing. He's still uncertain but he dares to believe in Horus again because he believes in Zaya. The walls tremble again and the dark, gloomy room gets a little darker. Grey tendrils of smoke and fog rush across Zaya's face and she's looking right at him but she can't seem to see him anymore. She calls out to him, her voice lost in swirls of darkness. There are tears in her eyes and he thinks she tells him she loves him but then he can't see her anymore either and the hall is engulfed in darkness. OOOOO He jolts awake with a sharp, gasping cough. It sends a shockwave of pain straight through his bruised and broken ribs that leaves him breathless and lightheaded. He looks around the hall, surprised to find it completely empty and silent, a startling reversal from the throngs of activity that had filled it earlier. They'd left him chained to the column, apparently content to leave him there to rot in the desert heat. Too bad he had absolutely no intention of letting that happen. The chains around his wrists are still painfully tight but he figures he can get out of them easily enough now that no one is hovering over him. Granted, it won't be pretty and it's going to be incredibly painful but desperate times and all. He hasn't had to do this in years but luckily it's not a process that is easily forgotten. You couldn't grow up on the streets and live as a thief without learning how to get out of restraints when the need arose. It takes several long, painful minutes for the bone in his thumb slips free from the joint with a dull pop. It hurts but he doesn't stop; time is becoming an issue and something he doesn't exactly have the luxury of wasting at the moment. He grits his teeth and rotates his wrist, his dislocated thumb throbbing viciously as he moves his hand. The chains slip down slowly, pulling over bruised skin and swollen joints. The fact that he's sweating, both from heat and pain, aids in the loosening of the chains and after another minute he manages to slip one hand free. The other wrist comes free much faster and much easier than the first but it's only marginally less painful. His skin has been rubbed completely raw and deep, red ligature marks circle each wrist. It takes a second but he manages to pop his thumb back into the joint (the dull thud as it sinks back into the joint is almost enough to make him sick) and slowly get to his feet. He has no idea where Horus is but he needs to warn him. He also needs to keep him as far away from here as physically possible. If he comes here like Set thinks he will and he gets captured then this will all have been for nothing. He owes it to Zaya to try even if it seems impossible. Luckily for him, impossible has never really been an issue. He sways and wobbles for a second longer, fighting against the crushing waves of dizziness that are trying their best to knock him back down. He takes as deep a breath as he can manage, which is both difficult and painful thanks to the broken rib, and it succeeds in clearing some of the spots from his vision. Bracing himself for the task ahead, he takes a shaky step away from the column and staggers down the hall toward the door. OOOOO He's at least reasonably certain that pain and exhaustion are causing him to hallucinate. There's no way that what he's seeing is actually happening; it's just not possible. Something massive and shapeless is blocking out over half of the sky, descending down from the heavens in a terrifying amalgamation of scorching atmosphere and infinite rows of dagger-sharp teeth. It's aiming for the Nile, swallowing chunks of water and earth as it moves. It's literally drinking the Nile. Bek staggers, bounces off a tree, and staggers again. He's staring up at the monstrous beast in disbelief, shaking his head slowly. It's incomprehensible and completely unbelievable; he has a hard time even thinking about what's happening. Horus has no chance of stopping this, no one does. It's the end of the world and he's witnessing it first hand. A strange, fluttering noise manages to filter through his bewildered thoughts and he turns and looks up to see what looks like a boat being carried by hundreds of birds descending from the sky. Okay, now the level of disbelief is skirting just on the edges of being ludicrous. Someone is standing in the boat, tall and commanding and regal even when the world crumbles down around him. Bek would recognize the arrogant bastard anywhere. In spite of everything, he finds himself running toward him. \"Horus!\" he calls out, his voice getting drowned out by the sounds of the Nile being vacuumed into the mouth of the giant creature plunging from the sky. The god hears him though, looking over in his direction with a mixture of surprise and confusion. \"Bek?\" he calls back, stepping off the boat and taking off in a jog toward him. Running with a broken rib isn't doing him any favors and Bek finds himself stumbling in the soft sand halfway toward the boat. Luckily for him Horus has much longer legs and clears the distance between them easily, coming to a stop in front of the smaller and reaching out to steady him with one hand. \"What are you doing here?\" Bek demands breathlessly, leaning into the god's hand unconsciously. \"I came to find you,\" Horus responds like it's the most obvious answer in the world. He came for me...he's here...just like Set predicted… Bek shakes his head miserably. \"No, no, no. It's a trap. Set is waiting for you; he plans to kill you.\" Horus just nods like he had expected and accepted as much. \"I know.\" This catches Bek by surprise and he frowns Horus. Of all the stupid, oblivious gods… \"You knew it was a trap and you came anyway?!\" He punches him in the shoulder which does nothing to Horus but nearly succeeds in breaking Bek's hand. He grimaces and glares. \"Why?!\" \"Like I said, for you.\" Horus quirks an eyebrow above his eyepatch. \"You didn't actually think I was going to let him take you away, did you?\" Bek sways again, partially out of irritation and partially out of pain. \"You're an idiot.\" Horus smirks and reaches out to steady him again. \"I've been called worse.\" He frowns and looks around, realizing the city is mostly deserted. \"How did you get free?\" the god asks, large hand bracing his shoulder easily. \"I'm more than capable of slipping a few chains when the need arises,\" Bek responds, slumping a bit at the waist and struggling to catch his breath. Hot flashes of pain are stabbing through his ribs and his head is throbbing angrily. Taking deep breaths hurts and there's still the faint tang of blood inside his mouth from when he'd been hit earlier. None of this is lost on Horus and the god frowns darkly, blue eye narrowing in concern. \"You're injured,\" he says simply, his voice grave as he speaks. \"I'm fine,\" Bek tells him, shaking his head to dismiss the concern. \"Just had a friendly chat with your uncle.\" At this, Horus's expression darkens even further and Bek notices the way the hand on his shoulder tightens protectively. \"Set will pay for this,\" he vows, moving his hand from Bek's shoulder and reaching out to touch the bruises along his jaw lightly. His fingers sweep over the split lip and the mottled bruises that scatter across his face, something dangerous a little possessive passing over his face. \"All of this.\" \"I'm afraid we have other problems to deal with first,\" Bek says, glancing away from Horus and looking back at the creature devouring the Nile. The god follows his gaze, his jaw setting in a hard line. \"Set is unleashing Chaos,\" he explains, eye following the demon's path as it moves slowly across the valley. \"He plans to destroy the underworld in order to gain immortality and he's using Apophis to do it.\" \"I gathered as much,\" Bek retorts, his eyes still locked onto the creature. \"How do we stop him?\" Horus looks back at him then, surprised and more than a little impressed. \"You never give up, do you?\" \"Only because Zaya told me not to,\" Bek counters and it comes across sharp and biting. He's still angry at Horus for lying and using him. The world may be on the brink of destruction but he hasn't forgotten that. The god has the decency to look ashamed at this. \"Bek, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have lied to you. I cannot bring Zaya back to you but I give you my word that if we succeed in defeating Set and restoring balance, I will personally see to it that she finds the greatest possible joy in the afterlife.\" He reaches out and lays a gentle hand on the mortal's shoulder again, feeling the slight shudder of repressed grief and sorrow beneath his palm. \"I realize this is a small comfort but I will make sure she finds peace. I swear it on my life.\" It's a crushing blow to realize that Zaya is truly gone forever, that even after all of this she won't be able to return. Bek wants to be angry and heartbroken, he wants to be able to grieve and mourn her death properly because he's come under the sudden realization that ever since it happened, he hasn't had time to process it. He wants Zaya back even if it meant he could trade his life for her own. He wants all of these things but he knows they'll have to wait because there are other concerns to attend to at the moment. Namely, the end of the world. He sighs and nods slightly in acceptance. The breakdown will come later; right now they need to figure out how to stop Set. \"What's your plan then?\" Horus smirks at him and looks back toward the massive obelisk towering up toward the heavens. \"I think it's time we go fishing.\" Thanks so much for reading guys! :D Once again, the ending is supposed to feed right into the end of the movie when they go to fight Set so it all becomes canon compliant after the last line. Also, here's a link to the fandom page if anyone is interested: .org It's a very wee community but we would welcome all new guests! ^_^ ","Summary":" Efffff...this silly movie and its glorious ship have straight up ruined my life. Did I want to want"},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"Faraones Humanos","Author":"creativo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11962093","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cuando la gente empezó a escribir la historia para la posteridad olvidaron el periodo divino como se le llamaba a la era gobernada por los dioses ellos decidieron venir a inspeccionar sus acciones y aunque causo un gran problema debido a que nadie o casi nadie los había visto nunca lograrían su propósito porque quedaría registrado por el resto de los siglos. El legendario Rey Escorpión sabría cómo se veían debido a que sus abuelos Bek y Zaya habrían estado presentes durante la fundación y habrían sido los primeros faraones humanos. Varios siglos y algunos milenios después las distintas invasiones extranjeras y guerras de independencia harían que el recuerdo de eso pasase a ser mitología y en algunos casos mal registradas hasta que tres mujeres llegaron a faraonas por si solas y aunque el dios Horus las ayudaría debido a que eran fanáticas de su madre esa información se perdería para siempre cuando la tercera de ellas fuese ejecutada por el sobrino del amor de su vida ","Summary":" Cuando la gente empezó a escribir la historia para la posteridad olvidaron el periodo divino como s"},{"Movie":"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story","Title":"We're Back! 2: Return of the Dinosaurs","Author":"Shinigamilover2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9729166","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is the first time I've done a story with the Misc cartoons category. So I'd like to see some nice reviews if that is okay with you. The movie I am doing this story about is 'We're Back A Dinosaur's Story'. And this is the plot: A Boy named RJ is having a normal high school life and he's close to getting together with the girl of his dreams, until he digs up a magical book and someone wants it for his own purposes. Rex and the gang are sent by Captain Neweyes to get the book and make sure it's safe. After a while, RJ's world gets turned upside down as he witnesses en epic battle... for one silly little book? Anyways, enjoy! (Opening Monologue) Before the modern era began, there was a book. Yes, you heard me right. A book. The book has unknown origins, but it is rumored to have magical powers. To give life back to the dead, give death to living things, grant wishes, teleport things from other worlds, time travel, and much much more. One time, it was lost for what seemed like thousands of years before falling out of Merlin, the master wizard of King Arthur's hands. The Book was lost. Until a man named Captain Neweyes. He found it one day while fishing in the ocean. He took the book and used it's wish granting power to gain everything he needed in order to make his life mission a success. His mission, was to make the wishes of all the children of Earth come true. But then, Neweyes' brother Screweyes wanted it for his own evil purposes too, to give children nightmares and make them come alive. Neweyes didn't want to risk the book being found, so he buried it where his brother would never find it. In a small town called 'Corona' California. (Normal P.O.V.) \"Okay, Mr. Wheatley you're in charge of painting the sets!\" said the Drama teacher. RJ Wheatley was a normal seventeen year old boy with pale white skin, messy black hair, fudge brown eyes, a skinny but fit body, he even had a six-pack of abs. His clothes were normally a black long sleeved V-neck shirt, black jeans, a seat-belt style belt, worn out black Adidas sneakers, a black wrist watch, dog tags that belonged to his uncle, and two wristbands that were from his favorite video game: 'Portal'. The first band was the logo for 'Aperture Laboratories' in white letters inside the black background, the second one was black too, and it white lettering said 'The Cake is a Lie', and the third one above those two wristbands was a black and maroon survival bracelet. \"Yes Mrs. Schultz\" said RJ as he and his friend Alex and a few other of his peers in the class went to the PAC (Performing arts center). And they began painting the sets for their Spring musical. 'Carrie' the musical adaptation based on the popular Stephen King novel. Alex was painting alongside RJ and he noticed a familiar someone walk up to where they were with a paintbrush in their hand. \"Oh my god, dude\" Alex said. \"What?\" RJ asked. \"Cassie's walking over to you\" Alex said. RJ looked to his left to see Cassie Wilkes walk over to him. Cassie was a slender figure girl with peach skin, luscious blue eyes, and light brown hair that went down to her shoulder blades. Her clothes were composed of a light gray long sleeved shirt, a wool brown vest over it that was halfway zipped up, and skinny jeans with a pair of brown boots. \"Hey RJ\" she greeted softly. \"Oh, hi Cassie\" RJ said casually like nothing was going on with him, when in reality, RJ was nervous, really nervous. Cassie was a girl he had a crush on since seventh grade. And he had almost every single class with her ever since. \"So what's up with you?\" Cassie asked as she dipped her brush into the paint and started painting with RJ and Alex. \"Nothing, my parents are out of town and I've got the house to myself for two straight weeks. I've got plenty of food to survive those weeks too\" RJ said with a slight smile as he painted alongside Cassie. \"That's cool. Hey, there's gonna be a party at my place next Friday and I was wondering if you wanted to go\" Cassie asked. RJ looked to Alex and he saw that Alex gave him a nod that meant 'Go for it'. He then turned back to Cassie. \"I-I-I'd love to\" RJ said. Cassie smiled and spoke. \"Great! So I'll see ya next Friday\" Cassie said and then went over to painting another set. RJ began muttering 'Yes' over and over to himself in a happy and giddy tone. He was happy now that he'd have a chance of telling Cassie how he felt about her. \"You lucky dawg!\" Alex said as he slapped RJ's back. \"I know I am. What are the odds of RJ Wheatley getting invited to one of Cassie Wilkes' parties?\" RJ asked rhetorically. The bell then rang and RJ dropped his brush into the pain bucket and grabbed his bag and ran out the door. \"YES!\" he cheered as he fist pumped into the air as she ran towards his car. It was a red mustang with red racing stripes and he began driving towards his house. \"Might as well take the shortcut through the woods\" RJ said to himself as he made a left turn instead of a right turn and started driving through the woods behind his neighborhood. RJ's wheel then hit a bump in the middle of the road and it made a sound that sounded like cracking. \"What was that!?\" shouted RJ scared-like. He got out the car and looked at what he hit. It was a wooden crate in the dirt. \"What in the name of God is that?\" RJ whispered as he walked further towards it and pulled off the side of the wooden box and he reached into it when he saw something inside it. It was a book that had black leather covers, and brown stitches sewing up lines that could represent cuts. \"Woah, this looks scary\" RJ said in an amazed tone and a smile. RJ looked around to see if anyone was looking and carried the book back to the car and put the book in the glove box of the car and started driving back to his house. \"Meanwhile, a something that was placed inside the book's cover began silently beeping. Silent enough that RJ can't hear it. The signal that the device inside the cover was making it's way to a computer in New York City. Captain Neweyes was sitting at this computer and began looking at the signal. \"The books been dug up\" said the captain. He pressed a button that took him to a bird's eye view of a small town in California and saw RJ's red mustang driving down the road from where the book was originally dug up. \"We've gotta get it back\" Neweyes muttered. He then walked into the Museum of Natural History to see the four dinosaurs he brought back from the Prehistoric era to make children's wishes of seeing real life dinosaurs come true. \"Well hey there, Captain!\" said Rex the T-Rex. His friends gave the captain the same greeting. Woog the Triceratops, Elsa the Pterodactyl, and Woog the Parasaurolophus. \"Guys, I need your help with something\" Neweyes said. \"What kind of help?\" Elsa asked. \"You know the brain grain I fed you to make you guys talk and stuff?\" the captain asked. \"Yeah, what about it?\" asked Woog. \"Well, I got the recipe for it from a book called 'Merlin's Lexicon'. I buried it somewhere else to prevent it from getting in the hands of Screweyes, now someone has dug it up\" Neweyes said. \"Golly, that's terrible\" Rex exclaimed. The captain merely nodded. \"If that book falls into the wrong hands, it could cause disaster! One the world would bow to it's knees before\" said the captain. \"What is it you want us to do, sir?\" Dweeb asked in his happy goofy voice he used almost all the time. \"I want you guys to find whoever has the book now and protect them and the book with your lives. You are that person's and that book's guardians\" Captain Neweyes said. Rex then began thinking. It had been an awful long time since he'd seen Louie and Cecelia, maybe whoever had this book could be their new friend. \"WE'LL DO IT!\" Rex cheered. \"I'll go get the ship ready\" said the captain. After a while, they all got loaded onto the ship. Then they took off towards Corona California. Meanwhile, in a government lab, a man rushed over to tell his boss, who was a muscular man with three scratch marks on his face and white hair in a green army uniform with medals and badges on the left side of the shirt. \"What is sergeant?\" he asked annoyed. \"General Lee, sir. We've picked up on a signal that is coming from Merlin's Lexicon\" Lee then raised his eyebrow in interest. \"Did you trace it?\" he asked. The sergeant nodded. \"Good, with that book we can make project Dino-men a reality. Get the troops ready and prepare to head to the source!\" Lee ordered. The sergeant did as ordered and ran towards the door. \"That book is as good as mine!\" Lee cheered in a sinister tone. A/N: Yeah, now we know about RJ and the Lexicon, and the Dinosaurs going to find the book, Rex wanting a new friend to make, and this General Lee guy wanting the book for some sort of Dino-men project. Lots more to come in the next chapter, depends if I've got enough time to spare. Please review, thanks! And no flames please! This is my first 'We're Back A Dinosaur's Story' fic, so please be nice.[Chapter 2] A/N: Okay, so RJ Wheatley found Merlin's Lexicon buried in the woods in Corona California where Captain Neweyes buried it years ago. Now someone named General Lee wants the book to complete some sort of experiment called 'Project Dino-men' and Rex, Elsa, Dweeb, and Woog are going to California after being assigned to protect RJ and the book at all costs. Now we get to see where it left off from there. Enjoy! RJ pulled into the driveway of his house which was a two story house with brown paint covering the outside and there was grass growing in the front yard. RJ was on the phone when he got out the car and he went over to the passenger seat and grabbed the book out of the glove box and his backpack. \"Yeah, I'd like to order a large cheese pizza please. No deep dish, thank you for offering though\" RJ said as he talked on the phone, ordering his dinner. \"Uh, I'll pick it up\" RJ said again as he walked in through the door and placed his bag on the counter, and the book on his coffee table. \"RJ Wheatley\" RJ told the person on the other line his name and then said 'Goodbye' and hung up his Verizon Samsung U365. And sat down on the couch. \"Alright, let's take a look at you, shall we?\" RJ asked himself as he took the book off the table and opened up the book to see an introduction page with a strange language written in black lettering, but there was red sharpie drawn over it to what looked like translation. \"What is all this stuff supposed to be? Magic spells or something?\" RJ asked himself. He turned the page and looked to one page and read the red marker translations. \"Akunzta Astrada Asalla\" RJ read aloud and one of the potted plants sitting by the window set itself on fire. \"Oh my god! Fire! Fire! Fire!\" he shouted. He shut the book and threw it on the couch and took the sink nozzle that was extendable and sprayed the plant. One second later, the plant was burnt to a crisp and the smell of burnt soil filled the house. \"Oh dear lord that smells terrible\" RJ complained in a funny tone as he plugged his nose to block out the foul smell. \"Mom and Dad are gonna love this\" RJ said sarcastically to himself. He took the scorched plant outside and threw it to the garbage bins that were on the curb. RJ then went back inside and took a can of febreze from under the sink and sprayed all around the living room. \"Phew, much better\" RJ said in relief as he then tossed the now empty can of air freshener in the trash can. RJ then turned his head to the book that laid on the couch. \"So that thing really is magic?\" RJ asked himself as he picked the book up and flipped through the pages that were full of spells with red ink written above the foreign dialect to translate. RJ then flipped to another spell and began reading it aloud. \"Brunzink Salamani Quieortika\" and then a bang was made and all the books on the book shelf in the living room fell to the ground. \"Note to self: Never use spell number one, or number 2\" RJ said as he closed the book and went over to pick the books up and put them back on the shelf. Meanwhile, the ship carrying Rex, Woog, Elsa, and Dweeb was high above Corona. Captain Neweyes spoke to the dinosaurs who were standing on top of the airlock. \"Just remember, protect whoever has the book, and the book itself. Oh, and like I've said before, try not to step on anyone while you're down there. And another thing, don't attract too much attention to yourselves\" said the captain. \"Don't worry, we'll make sure that book is safe and sound\" Elsa promised the captain. \"Good luck!\" said Neweyes before the airlock opened and they all fell down out of the ship screaming. After a while, the parachutes on the Dinosaur's backs opened up, except for Elsa who flew to the ground in the woods. Everyone else had a soft but somewhat painful landing. \"Everyone alright?\" Elsa asked. They all nodded as they took their chutes off. \"Good, now let's find whoever has that book and make sure their safe\" Elsa said. \"How do we even know where it is though?\" Woog asked. \"Easy, he said whoever had the book now lived in this neighborhood\" Rex said. Everyone then tiptoed quietly in the middle of the woods until they got to RJ's house. Meanwhile, General Lee and his men were tearing through RJ's school and looked all around for the book that wasn't there. \"Where is it!?\" Lee shouted. No one responded, they all cowered in fear and then Lee kept searching for the book in the building he was tearing up. Meanwhile, later that night, RJ got back home with the pizza he ordered in his arms and he answered the phone on the kitchen counter once he got inside. \"Hello?\" RJ greeted tiredly. A machine was talking into the phone. \"Hello, this is a message from Corona high school. Due to some matters of breaking and entering by an unknown criminal, all students and faculty are advised to stay home for two weeks until the perpetrators are caught and taken into custody. Thank you, and have a nice two weeks off\" said the voice before hanging up. RJ looked delighted. \"Awesome! Tomorrow I don't have to worry about studying for my chemistry test. I can just sit in my pajamas and watch nothing but 'Breaking Bad' and 'Under the Dome' all day long\" RJ said as he put the pizza on the coffee table and started eating a slice. \"What are you?\" RJ asked the book as if it were alive with his mouth full of pizza as he stared at the mysterious book that was in his hand. His phone then rang again and RJ decided not to answer it. It went to voice mail. When the machine beeped, it began saying the message. Meanwhile, the dinosaurs were looking through the neighborhood and looked through every window but no sign of the lexicon. Red then spotted the book in RJ's hand and he was listening to the voice message. \"Hey RJ, it's Cassie. If you're wondering how I got your home phone number... I asked Alex for it. Anyways, that's not why I'm calling, I was wondering if you still were going to my party on Friday. Call me back as soon as you get this. Bye RJ! Have a great two weeks off!\" Cassie's voice said before hanging up. \"So that's your name huh? RJ. I like that name\" Rex said to himself. He then watched RJ put the box of leftover pizza in the fridge and take the book with him to bed before shutting the lights off in the living room. Dweeb approached Rex. \"Hey Rex, did ya find anything?\" he asked. Rex nodded and spoke. \"Guys, I found the book and who's got it\" Rex said. Everyone cheered softly, not wanting to wake up the whole neighborhood. \"Great, are they good or bad?\" Woog asked. \"It's safe in RJ's hands, that's for sure\" Rex said. The others looked to one another in confusion. \"Who's RJ?\" Elsa asked. \"The one we're gonna be watching over from now on, and the book\" Rex said with a smile. A/N: Yeah, now the dinosaurs know who RJ is and that he's got the book. RJ has witnessed the books powers and it set a plant on fire and caused a mini-earthquake, causing the books to fall off the shelves, and the school is giving RJ and many other students and teachers time off due to General Lee looking for the book and trashing up the place. More to come in the next update! Please review, thanks.[Chapter 3] A/N: Now this is where things get super interesting. Now the Dinosaurs have found RJ and the book, and now RJ is gonna see real life dinosaurs and he's gonna learn why they're here. Lots more will happen in this chapter. Enjoy! The Dinosaurs kept a watchful eye over RJ through his backyard through the sliding glass door. RJ just woke up and RJ was already dressed, he took a shower, and he was now holding the book in his hands looking through the pages. \"Okay, I've done a large amount of research the entire night and I have no freaking idea what this thing could be\" RJ said to himself. Dweeb was about to sneeze but Rex covered his nose with one of his claws. Dweeb sighed in relief quietly, but then Woog sneezed and it was really loud. RJ jumped in shock and he shut the book and looked all around him. \"What in the heck was that?\" RJ muttered. He then turned around to see the dinosaurs staring at him. \"Woah!\" RJ shouted backing against the fireplace. He grabbed his backpack and put the book in it and began running out the door. \"That's just great Woog, you had to sneeze. Now the poor thing is scared of us\" Elsa scolded. \"Sorry\" Woog said. Rex then spoke. \"Follow him. We can't let him or the book get into the wrong hands\" Rex said. They began following him and chasing him. RJ ran through the woods. \"This is bad! This is bad! This is bad! This is bad! This is bad! This is bad!\" RJ cried as he ran through the woods and was panicking. Rex and the others wouldn't stop till they caught up with him and calmed him down to tell him they meant no harm. \"Leave me alone!\" RJ shouted. They didn't stop chasing after him. The teenager then tripped on a root in the ground and fell down a hill. \"Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!\" RJ shouted as he tumbled down the hill in an extremely painful manner. RJ then hit his head on the stump of a tree and fell unconscious. Meanwhile, General Lee kicked a broken bookshelf out of the way in the school RJ and his friends went to. One lieutenant was walking alongside him and spoke. \"General Lee, sir. If I may ask, why is it so important we get this Lexicon?\" he asked. \"Well, project Dino-men can finally be complete. We will be able to transform at will and not have to inject ourselves with the formula for transformation each time we want to. In the book, there must be a recipe or spell to help perfect the formula\" explained the tall, muscular man who was so obsessed with this book. \"I see, and what are we gonna do once we complete out goal?\" the lieutenant asked. \"We'll be able to win any war, and get whatever it is we want if we have to use force\" the General said. Back in the woods, RJ was drifting back to consciousness. He woke up hearing the voices of the dinosaurs. \"Give him some room, okay guys?\" Rex asked. \"He doesn't look too good\" said Dweeb. \"The poor thing sprained his wrist when he fell\" Elsa said. \"And that is one small but nasty cut on his cheek\" Woog said. RJ's vision then stopped being so blurry to see the dinosaurs instead of their shapes. \"Woah, woah, woah!\" RJ said grabbing the bag that was next to him and tried to get up but his wrist began hurting when he began placing his hand on the ground to try and get up, but he yelled in pain and fell back down to the ground. \"I wouldn't get up with that wrist if I were you, it looks pretty bad\" Woog said. RJ backed up in fear and was terrified that there were actual talking dinosaurs in front of him. \"Okay, what is it you want from me!?\" RJ shouted demanding to know. RJ then took the book out of his bag and threw it at Rex's foot. \"Here, take it! I don't want it anymore. The stupid book is yours now!\" RJ said trying to run, but Rex picked RJ up with his tail and pulled him up to his face. \"Easy there, we're not gonna hurt ya\" Rex said in a soft tone. \"If you're not gonna hurt me, what do you want? The book? It's at your foot, take it\" RJ said. Rex crouched down and picked the book up in his claw. \"We don't want the book, or you\" Rex said. \"Then what do you want?\" RJ asked as he took the book out of Rex's hand. \"We wanna protect the book, and you\" Rex said. \"Protect me? Why?\" RJ asked. Rex put RJ down and then he sat down on the stump and began listening to Rex. \"That book is called Merlin's Lexicon. It is a powerful spell book that has thousands of spells and recipes for magical potions and such. We were assigned by Captain Neweyes, the man who gave us the ability to talk to protect the book and the one who has it\" Rex explained. RJ was listening as he got up and started walking back to his house. \"So you guys are like my bodyguards, am I right?\" RJ asked. Rex and the others nodded. \"Okay, so my name is RJ, what are your names?\" RJ asked. \"I'm Rex\" said Rex. \"I'm Dweeb\" said Dweeb in his goofy accent and it made RJ laugh a bit. \"I am Elsa. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance, RJ\" Elsa said in her elegant accent. \"And my name's Woog\" Woog said in his usual smooth tone. \"Nice to meet you all. Now, If you're gonna be watching over me, be sure to keep a low profile and hide in my backyard. It's large enough for the all of you, okay?\" RJ asked. They all looked at one another and nodded. \"Great, sorry for running away like that\" RJ apologized. \"Oh, it's quite alright, RJ\" said Elsa. Rex then picked RJ up with his tail and placed him on his back. \"What are you doing, Rex?\" RJ asked. \"Giving you a ride\" Rex said. \"Thanks\" RJ thanked him with a small smile. \"No problem. Now let's get you home and hopefully you can treat yourself for that bad wrist of yours\" Rex said. RJ then took a look at his hurting, scraped, and sorta bleeding wrist. \"Don't forget that cut on your cheek\" Dweeb piped in. RJ placed his hand on his cheek and looked to see blood on his fingers. \"Okay, let's go home guys\" RJ said. They began walking to RJ's house. RJ was enjoying the ride that Rex was giving him, and they gave each other smiles that were small but showed that they were enjoying one another's company. A/N: Okay, now RJ known who the dinosaurs are and why they're here. And the reason why General Lee wants the book is revealed. Lots more to come in the next chapter. Please review, and thanks! ","Summary":" A/N: This is the first time I've done a story with the Misc cartoons category. So I'd like to see s"},{"Movie":"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story","Title":"Friends and Sacrifices","Author":"Blackmoondragon1415","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4768168","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Quick Disclaimer: I don't own anything about 'We're Back!' or the storyline. Friends and Sacrifices: Part 1: Sacrificing It All Rex wasn't sure what to think when he came across the decidedly disconcerting scene. The very man that they had been warned not to mix with no matter what, with a firm hold on Louie and Cecilia's shoulders. \"It's him. Professor Screweyes.\" He whispered as he took this in, knowing that all importance right now seemed to be getting the two kids out of there as fast as possible. \"Cecilia, get away from that man!\" Dweeb pleaded, the same notion evident in his voice. Woog nodded his ascent. \"Hey, chill out! We just joined his circus.\" Louie nonchalantly replied, seemingly oblivious to their concerned looks or the fact that the man behind them now looked to the dinosaurs with a half-scrutinizing, half-unsettlingly curious eye, like that of a shoplifter seeing a target in a store. \"But that's Professor Screweyes! We were warned about him!\" Rex said boldly, not just yet noticing the official-looking roll of paper in the professor's coat pocket. And this time, the professor himself came to answer. \"Warned? By who?\" He asked sharply, now giving the t-rex an equally hostile look. The other dinosaurs and the slippery circus master seemed to square off for a moment before Rex fearlessly struck back with his answer. \"Your brother.\" \"So that's how you got here and funny you can talk! So he's fed you that brain stuff of his, and he warned you about me. Let him look to his own affairs. Did he show you that hooky wish-radio of his, uh?\" The old man said slyly as he moved toward a nearby switchboard, pulling the switches to turn off various lights. It was obvious that the show was done for the night. \"Yes! We heard what people are wishing for!\" Dweeb replied excitably, remembering the various children they had heard. It had been a wonderful recollection that still stood out in their minds. But tonight was going to be far from wonderful. \"Well, I have a radio too. Let me show you.\" Screweyes looked over at the group, almost menacingly, and curiosity was instantly stomped out of their minds by the sudden eeriness and foreboding that swept through the empty circus ground. \"Nope, no way, nada, we don't want anything to do with you.\" Rex replied swiftly before gesturing to the young ones, stuck dead in the center of the verbal struggle and looking very much like they wanted to jump ship themselves. \"Come on kids; come to the museum with us. The Museum of Natural Hist-\" His quick escape was instantaneously cut off by Screweyes, who was waving a roll of paper in his hand. Rex got the impression that the character before them held the kid's freedom in the palm of his hand. \"They're not going anywhere. They are under contract to me for a very long time.\" The professor stated with an air of brash finality as he pulled down a final switch, sending the whole circus ground into a shade of shadows. The t-rex swallowed. Okay, definitely freedom. He looked sadly down at the two children, noticing that Cecilia had broken into a cascade frightened tears. Elsa flew down to the sobbing girl, and tried to at least stop the crying with a comforting wing. \"But these are the first children we've met.\" The Pteranodon protested as Rex moved his head into more level ground with the rest of the group. \"We like them.\" He backed, although knowing that his, or any of the others, objections probably would do anything to change the cold-hearted circus master's decision. Even Louie had tried to make the bad situation a little better. \"Hey, it's gonna be alright.\" He consoled, trying to at least stem Cecilia's crying somewhat. He had gotten her into this, after all, and he was going to get them out. \"Oh, I don't think so. Unless we can work something out with your friends here.\" Professor Screweyes articulated, voice sounding all the more like this was a sink-or-swim moment for the dinosaurs and kids. The next thing their eyes all focused in on was the screw in his left eye, glowing a sinister green. The next thing they all realized was that they were in a huge tent, the main tent, and before them was a large object, with green pulsing lights. It was as though the cluster had walked into a horror movie, and right now, the ending was nowhere in sight. Rex shook himself out of a light daze, and carried out a quick headcount just to be sure everyone was still there. Like it or not, this t-rex wasn't about to let Professor Screweyes get a hold of any of his friends. Dweeb looked back at the bigger dinosaur with a questioning glance, more namely saying ' how did we get here? '. Rex replied with a small shrug and fixed his eyes on the machine in front of them. Before they could understand exactly what was going on, Professor Screweyes opened the curtain and broke into speech. \"This is a time of loud wishes, yes, but even louder, fears. This,\" He now gestured to the large and eerie looking item behind him. \"Is a fright radio. It picks up what people are scared to death of. You see, I find out what they're frightened of on this radio and that's what I try to give them with my circus. It's a public service.\" By this time, the dinosaurs and children had come a little closer, the overlarge radio piquing their curiosity. Rex personally couldn't understand the point behind what was being said; he had come into this time to grant wishes, not scare people, although he had to admit the dinosaurs had probably inadvertently done that already. \"But this is the station that comes in the loudest of all!\" The professor announced with the finality of Dr. Frankenstein about to pull the switch that would bring his creation to life. The very atmosphere made them look over their shoulders a few times, just to be sure of no hidden spooks. Professor Screweyes moved the switch for a moment, then stopped at 'paranoid'. What happened next could have been described as an explosion, but not of fire and metal. They all instantly learned the difference between the two radios at once, other than their size. For one, while the wish-radio had used the calm imagery of bubbles to portray children's wishes, the fright-radio seemed to spew out ghosts, shrieking, wailing ghosts. Now regretting the close seat, the dinosaurs and children hightailed to the other side of the circus tent. Voices seemed to break out among them, all giving into the cacophony of sounds. \"Monsters under the bed!\" \"Monsters are gonna eat me!\" \"Red eyes staring at me…\" \"Monsters in the closet…\" The screaming and howling continued to rain down as the group huddled together. Rex now did not blame Dweeb at all for practically hanging onto him like a badly spooked friend in a walkthrough haunted house, the situation definitely felt like a b-rated movie. Screweyes came to the front, pushing through the ghostly figures like one would walk through a curtain. \"Do you see what they're most afraid of?\" He asked, grinning oddly at them. \"No.\" Woog was the one to reply; he was right, it had all been a little confusing when you had people screaming all around you in the manner that reminded you of a late-night horror flick. \"Monsters!\" \"Monsters?\" Rex repeated, somehow getting an odd impression of what was happening here. They were being backed into a corner, and the chances of getting out were getting slimmer by the minute. \"You!\" Screweyes resoundingly answered back, shocking all the dinosaurs. Brought to make wishes come true, yet they weren't wanted at the same time? \"Us?!\" \"With a little help, yes.\" The old man held up a jar of greenish glowing capsules. \"W-what's that?\" Cecilia asked, shakily pointing to the container. \"It's Brain Drain, the remedy to my brother's goody-two shoes cereal! It'll take you back. It'll make you monsters.\" He finished the last sentence with such a hiss that the pair of kids backed up a little further toward their dinosaur friends, eager for some method of safety in this hopeless situation. \"But we don't want to be monsters.\" Woog protested, and Dweeb let out a sound that was interpreted as a final 'no'. \"We're not taking anything. You can forget it.\" Rex replied with defiance etched in his voice. \"All right. You're free. You can go. I can't stop you,\" Screweyes carefully put the container away, and for a moment, it seemed as though things were looking up a little. But the rogue circus master still had one more card to play. \", but the kids…are mine.\" Leaning forward, they were all stunned to see what looked like whirls of green, and dizzying sparks; the work of hypnotism. Swirling in an oddly mesmerizing way, they drifted right toward Cecilia. She started to raise an arm stiffly, like a sleepwalker. \"W-What are you doing? Don't look, Cecilia!\" Louie cried, placing a hand over the girl's eyes, only to have the beam turned on him with its ensnaring charms. The swirling control hazed into their faces for a moment, then vanished into them. \"Among my many rights under this contract, including copyrights on all their ideas, I've got an exclusive option on their will power.\" Screweyes explained, delicately taking one pill, and breaking it in half, which he handed to the two hypnotized children. \"Now this is just a temporary dose. My way of demonstration.\" Each child swallowed their respective half, and the dinosaurs gasped in horror as their friend's forms began to contort, change, and shift, until, with a final green flash, they became… …Monkeys. Two little monkeys dressed in Louie and Cecilia's clothing. Louie even started to chew on his hat. Rex felt a ripple of outrage, probably stemming from some long-forgotten counterpart, to whom rage was power. \"Change them back! Or I'll-\" \"Or you'll what? You're too enlightened by my brother's brain grain, you've lost your savagery, you've lost your frightening prehistoric power to intimidate!\" Professor Screweyes thundered, dropping a banana down on the two monkeys, who clamored for it like two starving dogs. \"You're civilized now, and I've got a contract. And you're going to respect that like the chumps that you are. But, I tell you what I'd be willing to do, you all agree to take the Brain Drain, and I'll rip up this contract and set the kids free. If you don't take it, I'll bill them as the Wild Children of the Hellzapoppin, and I'll use them to scare people at the side show. It's up to you.\" Now things had gotten worse, decidedly to the point where it would have made any game-player stop and put the board back on the shelf, or hit reset. But in this case, no reset button came as a savior, and there was no turning your back on this problem that had evolved into more of a catastrophe. Friends. They do things for each other. They help each other. Rex thought as he turned the situation over and over in his mind, knowing full well what would happen if he said yes. With the Brain Drain came the monster within that he had been glad to be rid of, but if he said no, he'd lose Louie and Cecilia. With a deep breath, the t-rex uttered, quiet and defeated, \"I'll take it.\" \"And I'll take it, you loathsome creature.\" Elsa answered, defiant, but still submitting. \"I'll do it.\" Dweeb choked, a small tear running from his eye. \"Me too.\" Murmured Woog, also tearing up. The group was aware that they had just sold themselves away, freedom pulled off like a fisherman would skin a fish. \"Now you can come with me. You're going to have to be kept in cages and chains, because you're going to be wild again!\" Screweyes ordered as the dinosaurs dejectedly filed out behind him. Well, all but one. The sound of small voices and yawns brought Rex to a momentary halt, and he turned around to see the two children-turned-chimps huddle up on the floor, and slowly drift off to sleep. He looked down gently at the slumbering chimps that were Louie and Cecilia. Noting, with a small twinge of sadness, both the children's faces seemed to be in a frowning set, as though they were still under Screweyes's control. \"Don't be scared. It'll be alright. It's no more than a bad dream.\" He soothed, softly running a clawed hand along the excess fur, as though to will it vanished. And vanished it did. Rex smiled as he viewed the two sleeping children, wishing that he could stay and greet them once they woke up. But a harsh voice from the mouth of the tent broke the warm moment. \"C'mon you!\" Screweyes snapped, and Rex let out a heavy sigh. He wanted to stay longer, but he knew it wasn't going to happen. He was going to be a monster again, and there wasn't anything he could do. The t-rex had agreed to save Louie and Cecilia, and now there was no turning back. He just had to tell them one thing, just so that maybe, not everyone would think of him and the other dinosaurs as monsters. \"We were friends for a minute, Louie.\" He started to say, but was cut off by a hard lump in his throat. He had to go now. He got up to leave, heart aching with the words that he had wanted to say. \"Rex…?\" Louie mumbled in his sleep, causing the kind-hearted T-Rex to swallow his guilt and sorrow before turning to go. \"Remember me.\" He murmured mournfully back, before turning fully towards the exit, walking to what he knew would be the end of himself. So, good and angsty? Will be more coming. Please r&r.;[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story in any shape or form. Officially back from a long hiatus due to exams, grades, and life in general. There isn't really all that much to it. Anyhow, bouncing back and writing again. \"Set me free, from the chains holding me. Is anybody out there hearing me? Set me free...\"~Set Me Free, by Casting Crowns Part 2: Outer Monster, Inner Friend Rex caught quickly up to the other dinosaurs, but took as long as he could to march from the tent to another one, bigger and more spacious than the last. There were four ominous looking cages dead center, which the dinosaurs leaned away from, knowing all too well what they were for. Screweyes, however, hadn't torn up the contract yet, and one by one, they were forced to walk into the iron-barred cages. A few circus workers, looking at the dinosaurs with eerily unreadable expressions, came in to put on a few shackles. Dweeb pulled away at first, whimpers emerging from his throat as he struggled to avoid being chained up like the rest of them. The man that was fruitlessly trying yelled a few incomprehensible words at the scared Parasaurolophus, none of which probably were fit to translate. \"Dweeb, just let him.\" Rex murmured, defeat and indifference evident in his voice. The smaller dinosaur gave a shudder as he finally allowed the worker to fasten the chains to his feet. It wasn't the ice-cold metal against his scales that brought the jittery moment; it was the fact that Dweeb and the other dinosaurs now noticed the sadness that seemed to hang over Rex like a cloud. Screweyes stepped out of the shadows once all the dinosaurs had been properly shackled, still holding that ever-constraining paper in his hand. In his other, he held a bucket filled with glowing green Brain Drain. This he poured into a set of trays, and placed each at the doors of the cages. \"The contract won't be ripped up until the final part of the deal is complete.\" The shifty ringmaster stated, gesturing obstinately to the trays. There was a long period of tense silence, before Rex shakily reached down, plucking up the tray with wavering claws. He closed his eyes for a moment, just briefly running through all the adventures he'd had seen during his short time in the Big Apple, and his growing dread at exactly how this new outlook on life was going to end. He looked around at the other dinosaurs, giving each of them a good long glance. After all, once this was over, they would be thought of as… No, don't even think of the word 'food'. \"You don't take it, the brats stay with me.\" Screweyes reminded menacingly. Snapping out of the nostalgic moment, the apprehensive reptile gave the green pills one last glance before gulping them down in what felt like an oddly too-fast manner. Right away, Rex felt an old presence rise in his mind. The old carnivore, the side that he never wanted to let out again, no matter what the case. Yet, here it was, shoving him into submission as he took control. There was no degrade, just surrender. He was faintly aware of the others, looking at him in a mixture of fear and sadness. Then it was all gone. It was as though he were looking at everything from somewhere deep within his mind, yet he could feel everything that happened. Like the fact that his 'other' had just thrown them [or him, either way, he felt it too] against the bars of the cage, biting in savage ferocity. The metal in his teeth, the coolness of the material, it was all too real. It wasn't him… It wasn't him… Oh, I don't think so. Rex stiffened, or he would have. It couldn't be, could it? He wouldn't… Do not underestimate me, weakling. It is not 'me'…it is 'US'! His voice, it was like his, so much like his that it shook him to his core. Then his eyes landed on the other dinosaurs. They were looking right at him in a manner that suggested they had seen Godzilla himself. And they were looking at him like that. He didn't…this wasn't… Rex's mind spiraled down into pure repulsion as his memories, somewhat fogged, came up with those olden, prehistoric days. Except in those cases, the other dinosaurs rarely got away. For a few moments, he silently thanked the fact that there were firm metal bars in between them and him. He was faintly aware of shouted commands, a zinging feeling running through his mouth, collapsing against the back of his cage, and everything grayed out for him after a while, even though he was sure he was still moving. Yeah, thought it would be an interesting notion if the Brain Drain in fact separated the savage half from the sentient half, making it prominent, and still allowed it the intelligence to...communicate, in a sense. But if it doesn't sit right with you, you can make it your own way. I'm not one to hold a grudge just because you didn't like my work.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: Do not own We're Back. Yeah, my random ideas pretty much made this. I actually wrote this first before writing all the rest. Since it met up so well with the other chapters, I thought it would work here. Enjoy. \"I've been watching, I've been waiting, In the shadows, For my time, I've been searching, I've been living, For tomorrows all my life\"~In the Shadows, by The Rasmus Chapter 3: Separate But Whole Savage Rex's POV I couldn't see anything right away, but I knew that I wasn't alone. There were others beside me, growling, clanking, and overall being very annoying. Annoying for a couple of meatloaf and chicken dinners, anyway. Shut up! I growled at one, who instantly made to move away, yet still growled and attempted to break free from the irritating metal things we had on our feet. This I found pleasing, being the one that sent Triceratops running in a panic, only to be brought down later by my teeth. Each and every one of these others in here would become lunch as soon as we were let out. No…You can't… Hmm? They're friends…don't…please… I brushed aside the annoying voice like a cobweb. That other side better shut his mouth if he knew what was good for him. And speaking of being let out, the walls holding us fell away with a burst of light, revealing a sea of frightened little dinner entrees. I snapped and roared to the herd, and a few of these pathetic creatures actually dropped right there on the spot. Most scrambled for high ground. Charming, but these prey would be too easy to snare. Not much fun if they all did that. My attention was caught by one of these creatures in front of me, gesturing and speaking to the group. Was he the leader? Pretty sorry excuse for one, but nonetheless, my other half felt a surge of resentment once we laid eyes on the frail being. Doesn't like him much does he? Well, I guess that meant he wouldn't complain if I happened to eat this one. With that vague thought in mind, I leaned my head down and prepared to snap him up like a TV dinner. Surprisingly enough, it seemed I had underestimated these meals. As soon as his left eye met mine, which was embalmed with a shiny metal object, I felt as though I was a puppet and he was the one pulling the strings. My other half fell to his tricks a second after I did, and we both found ourselves in a state of utter bliss. Take two giant steps forward. I instantly obeyed, taking one huge step, and then another, and I was dimly aware of the fact that I was off the platform. It didn't seem to matter at the moment. Take two steps toward the audience . I obeyed again. The hazy feeling enveloped all my usual keen senses, and right now I was as powerless as a hatchling. Something from my other's memory, of two whelps becoming ugly little hairballs right in front of his eyes, due to the same bauble. He was horrified, from what I could tell. Stupid. Our kind doesn't know fear. We are fear. Suddenly a bright light shone right into my eyes, snapping us out of the daze. That annoying meat-bag used me! I was not a source of cheap amusement, and I sure as heck was going to let him know it. My other side was enraged as well, and in our anger we became the monster that the other dinosaurs feared once more. The tyrannosaurs rex was back on the hunt. In a quick movement, we snatched him up from the ground, ready to bite that annoying head right off his withered neck. We were going to make him pay when another bother came running onto the scene. Even though the creature's garbled sounds made no sense to us, my other half seemed to recognize him in a heartbeat. Louie? I growled at the brat. He had better back off, or else he'd be short a head. No! Leave Louie alone! My other half cried from the depths of our being as the whelp seemed to plead with me. Me! The king of the dinosaurs! He had no idea whom he was dealing with. He turned around to pries off that ridiculous thing he had been wearing. Big mistake, welt. I lifted up a huge foot, ready to tenderize him into the dust. Stop! Don't! Please! The other pleaded as he saw what I was about to do. In a last ditch, desperate attempt to save his precious brat, he shrieked LOUIE! MOVE! By some miracle, the meat-bag seemed to hear him as he jumped to the side, narrowly avoiding our foot. My other released a wave of relief, but it mingled with a deep sorrow and shame. Louie saw…he…what I…I almost…. Shut up, I growled at the shadow in the back of my mind, which seemed to take in what I had said, and then another voice came echoing in. \" Rex, that means king. Be a king, Rex. Put him down, please.\" I was about to give him another go at my foot when the next voice shocked me half out of my wits. You heard what he said. Put him down. My other half was now, stronger? Was I losing control? I pushed at his mind in an attempt to regain control. But, surprisingly, he fought me. He pushed back in a fevered try to topple me. Give up. You are me. Even if you are in control, I'll be here, waiting to take over. You are as much a monster as I. But even if you were to take control, you'd still be too much of a weakling to withstand me forever. He faltered, and sadness and defeat radiated off his mind in waves. He would never escape, and I would be in control. Forever. My other suddenly ceased the confusion. Echoing voices started to flow through our minds…. \" I'm sorry about the way I acted. I was a real animal.\" \" Gonna have to put you in cages and chains, cause you're gonna be wild again!\" \" Gee, I wish I had a friend.\" I flinched as the voices started to develop into images, and they slowed down on one particular moment. My other half flinched as he laid eyes on the scene, remembering and soaking in every detail. He looked down gently at the slumbering chimps that were Louie and Cecilia. Noting, with a small twinge of sadness, both the children's faces seemed to be in a frowning set, as though they were still under Screweyes's control. \" Don't be scared. It'll be alright. It's no more than a bad dream.\" He soothed, softly running a clawed hand along the excess fur, as though to will it vanished. And vanished it did. Rex smiled as he viewed the two sleeping children, wishing that he could stay and greet them once they woke up. But a harsh voice from the mouth of the tent broke the warm moment. \" C'mon you!\" Screweyes snapped, and Rex let out a heavy sigh. He wanted to stay longer, but he knew it wasn't going to happen. He was going to be a monster again, and there wasn't anything he could do. He had agreed to save Louie and Cecilia, and now there was no turning back. He just had to tell them one thing, just so that maybe, not everyone would think of him and the other dinosaurs as monsters. \" We were friends for a minute, Louie.\" He started to say, but was cut off by a hard lump in his throat. He had to go now. He got up to leave, heart aching with the words that he had wanted to say. \" Rex…?\" Louie mumbled in his sleep, causing the kind-hearted T-Rex to swallow his guilt and sorrow before turning to go. \" Remember me.\" He murmured mournfully back, before turning fully towards the exit, walking to what he knew would be the end of himself. I snorted as the image faded. Remember? What was there to remember? We are predators. That is what we are, that is what we were, and that is what we shall always be. My other was stupid to think that we could be thought of as anything else. Remember me… What was he up to now? Shut it. No, you stop. He said boldly back. Strength radiated off of him in powerful waves. No, what was happening?! I was the stronger one, the one that should be in control. How could a mere, insignificant worm overcome one of the greatest predators the world had ever known?! You aren't me! You don't decide anything I do anymore! I will never listen to you again! You are the monster but, I…AM… REX !!! I AM NOT YOU!!! My other roared, and, in that instant, I became the echo, and he took control. I faded into our minds with a final howl, and then felt and saw nothing more. Normal Rex's POV Coming back was sort of like coming up out of the water. I took a deep inhale, vaguely aware of the still quivering professor in my hands. The monster that had held the driver's seat faded into nothing, and I knew that he was gone, never to return. Exhausted from the effort it took to get myself back, I put the professor down, where he slinked away like a rat relinquished by a housecat, and moved to a sitting position on the ground. That's about when I saw the person that had made it all possible that night. Louie, my friend, came running up to me and latched onto my nose in a warm hug. \"Way to go, Rex!\" He cheered. I watched as he and Cecilia went to the others and, one by one, brought them back from their own inner demons. That's about when Professor Neweyes came and set them free with Vorb. It was good to see them all, but a nagging feeling pulled at the back of my mind. I remembered all the feelings and thoughts my other side had had while in control, and I couldn't help but think: We didn't hurt anybody, did we? \"Louie?\" I asked, unable to hold the question any longer. \"Rex? Are you alright?\" he inquired with a look of concern. \"Did I do anything bad?\" \"No, you were great.\" He replied with a grin that returned a smile to my face, and right then and there I knew everything was going to be just fine. So, anyone still with me enough to review? ","Summary":" Quick Disclaimer: I don't own anything about 'We're Back!' or the storyline. Friends and Sacrifices"},{"Movie":"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story","Title":"The Power of Dinosaur Friendship","Author":"L.D.Edwards","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12059501","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My name is Irene and I live in the suburbs of Pittsburgh and there are things that I wish that would happen. My parents are always busy with hanging out with friends from work or college or high school and I never have any friends because I am homeschooled. I think that I never ever have time for friends at all. I wish that I could have a few friends and that is what I would like most of all. A friend. Mother and Father thinks that having a friend will take time, but I'm not sure if what they said to me is true. There must be some sort of a way that I can figure out on my own and I'm only thirteen years old after all. Maybe that there will be a way for me to get some new friends on my own. After all I am a teenager only aged thirteen like I said before. Although I have tough problems to find a friend, I can do it and I know that I can. What is with people and try to find some friends? Everything is so strange for me and that is not what I want. No one can know what kind of friendship that they can get, but it could be anything like an animal or a dog or cat or an ocean creature or a primate or bird. What kind of friend that I will get, I will try my best to find one and maybe someday I could get more than one friend. All I have to do is make sure that I can find a friend that can be my age or a age younger than me or older than me. Maybe that could happen to me someday and I hope that one day I'll find a friend that would be a human or something else like an animal. Whenever I would go to Pittsburgh for shopping or going out to eat, I usually see teenage girls that could be older than me or younger than me hanging out and that would make me feel like that I want a friend now.[Chapter 2] I know that it would be possible that your dreams will come true, but that would take hours for that to happen and I have to give it a try somehow. So I looked up at the sky and sighed and closed my eyes and made a wish that is right for me. I then said, \"Star light and star bright. The first star that I see tonight, I wish I may and I wish I might. Please please have the wish that I make tonight. I wish that I would have friends that would like me for who I am.\" I sure hoped that my wish will come true soon and someday. I took a deep breath and sighed for I know that it will come true soon and what I didn't know is that someone must have heard my wish and that someone knows that he or she will help make my wish come true. I had the strange feeling that it must be a man and I can't tell how old that man is and sometimes I wish I have a pet and someday I will have my very own pet, but then while I slept I had a strange dream while sleeping. In a dream I saw four dinosaurs with some extra dinosaurs and two kids that are younger than me! I woke up with a start because I heard a dinosaur talk, but this can't be real at all because dinosaurs can't talk and they're supposed to be extinct. The man also has an alien and this is impossible because aliens exist in science fiction stories and they are mysterious to man and I'm not sure if that would happen. I think that someday I can make sure that dinosaurs would be in a story of my own because it's my dream of becoming an author.[Chapter 3] I then had a strange feeling that something strange and wrong is going on at the same time. And the government too knows that something is not right too. My parents are getting worried because there was a news flash about dinosaurs and I shook my head because everyone knows that dinosaurs are extinct and they can't be on Earth now because man is there now ever since Adam and Eve. That is true and I have read the bible lots of time before in my teenage life. Mother and Father want to make sure that I would stay home whenever they go out for fun and it's very unusual for anyone and it's a strange situation and I'm only thirteen and I thought I could be on my own at home ok. I went to my bedroom where I kept my written stories and started to write down my story. The story that I am writing is about a girl who is only twelve years old and is been taken care of by monsters since she was a toddler ever since the death of her parents. I'm not just any girl though. I have a big dream becoming the greatest author in all of Pittsburgh and parts of the United States and Europe. But dreams are for most people and it's gonna take a lot of work for me to be an author. While I wrote down, I can't stop thinking about the dinosaurs in the city, but I know that the dinosaurs are extinct and if there are any dinosaurs in the city like in the movies I have seen before like in the one movie in the Jurassic Park series, the second one called The Lost World, then the citizens would be like terrified and scared at the same time and madness would be there and chaos would start to strike and break out momentarily. I must be brave if I ever see any dinosaurs in the city and all I need is a weapon of some sort like a sword or some sort, but all I have is a slingshot and that might be useful. The problem is I don't know what to use to shoot with. If there are any rocks, I can find some and use them to scare the dinosaurs away.[Chapter 4] I know that the chaos is still going on and this is like totally radical out there and dinosaurs have been extinct for millions of years. I know that I'm braver, braver than I know. This could be like a challenge, but it might be far to go. I am braver than I believe and stronger than I seem and I am smarter than I think. All I have to do is make sure that I would lie low and act normal. This is strange and I'd rather write my stories than listen to any of this. If anyone asked me what do I think this is all about, I don't know, but I'm going to find out. No matter what the consequences are. No matter how long it will take for me to get out of the house. Mother and Father are starting to get worried about me and I told them that I will be ok. Mother knows that I will. Same for Father, they're just worried about me getting hurt or worse. I will be careful and to not talk to strangers and know better and never give my personal information to strangers as well. Because my parents told me about strangers when I was a little girl and now I am better at talking to a few people I should still not give my personal info to them and that is what I have to do, not give my personal information. With everything all settled, I was on my way to find out. I have some snacks in my backpack so I won't go hungry. I have potato chips, fruit snacks, sandwich cookies, lunch turkey meat and apple slices. I also have a spoon and a jar of peanut butter. I also have crackers. Then I started to walk and I had a flashlight in case it gets dark and good laugh would be worth it. I have to be very careful. Nothing can stop me no matter what. Then something caught my eye while I was walking in the streets, a footprint. I bent down to get a closer look and it was a dinosaur footprint! It's in Pittsburgh! I then had a funny feeling that I am being watched. I did try to act normal then I had a funny feeling that I am being followed and I yelled out, \"This is not working for me.\" I screamed and ran to the one part of the city. ","Summary":" My name is Irene and I live in the suburbs of Pittsburgh and there are things that I wish that woul"},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"For You, My Love","Author":"Vaneria Potter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11904683","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Gods of Egypt, or the mythology on which it is (extremely) loosely based. Summary: Hathor is the goddess of love, yet sometimes even she is surprised at the lengths to which people will go for it. For you, my Love For all of his faults (and Ra knows there are many), Hathor loves Horus. She knows he loves her, but she also knows that Love is not always enough. If Horus is to be a king worthy of the name, she cannot always be the one to smooth over the mess he makes due to temper or rash decisions. The role of a queen is to be a balancing counterpoint, not a crutch so that the king can shirk his responsibility, secure in the belief that she will be able to take up the slack. Isis was able to rule when Osiris was away at war, but she had the assurance that her husband was a capable leader who would support her. For all that she once helped to guide lost souls, Hathor does not have Isis's steady strength, nor her confidence in Horus's ability to rule. Perhaps one day that will change, but for now, Hathor flirts and loves and makes no promises. When Set took Horus's eyes, standing above him ready to deal a mortal blow, Hathor knew that there was no chance of stopping Set. Not at that moment, anyway. But for Set to be defeated at any other point, Horus needed to live. Horus would not understand, having even less of a grip on subtlety than he did on his temper. He would see it as betrayal, and would hate her for it. But her actions would allow Horus to live, to recover and to eventually make things right. For her love's survival, Hathor could endure anything. She screamed the name of Osiris's murderer, kneeling in a submission that was no such thing, meeting his eyes directly. Hathor's power lay in her eyes and her voice, and she focused all her strength on a single message, not daring to tip him off by speaking directly. Let Horus live. It will be more amusing to watch him suffer. He is no threat now. Hathor is yours. It will do no harm to let Horus live. Set paused, his blade only inches from Horus's heart, a lustful smile on his lips. Hathor managed to conceal her shudder, pasting on an expression that she hoped conveyed desire. Hathor knew what he had in mind, but she could endure. Every time the battle against the rebelling gods suffered a setback, Hathor distracted Set before he could consider the merits of killing Horus, just in case. When Set won a victory, Hathor took him to her bed, banishing all thoughts of compounding his triumph by adding Horus's head on a spike. Hathor was a prisoner, for all that her cage was a gilded one. Every moment was a constant struggle to keep up the act, because faltering for even a moment could result in her death. Guarded constantly by two goddesses who hated her, feigning adoration for a god whose very touch she despised, and almost certainly earning herself Horus's unending spite… there were times that Hathor wondered if death would not be a kinder fate. But Hathor acts out of love, and Love endures. Bek and Zaya… it had been a long time since Hathor had seen a love so strong. The mortal thief trusted his wife's faith, loved her enough to do what she asked of him, for the merest chance that it would bring her back. For all the times Horus had exasperated her, Hathor had never been so angry as when she found out that Horus had lied to Bek in order to gain his help, when any fool could tell that Bek would have helped him for the sake of Zaya's memory, to honour her last wishes. To so abuse that fragile trust… If Hathor hadn't agreed that Set needed to be stopped, she would have left Horus floundering in the desert sands, possibly after changing to her animal form and goring him with her horns. No great cause, no desire for vengence, could ever justify raising a desperate man's hopes, only to dash them so cruelly. For all his faults, Hathor had never believed that the God she loved could have been so cruel. It had been easy, perhaps too easy, for Hathor to offer Bek her bracelet in order to buy Zaya's passage to the afterlife. With years of being imprisoned as Set's plaything, with Horus allowing lust for revenge to turn him into someone Hathor did not recognise, and with the world about to be destroyed anyway, an eternity of fighting off demons was almost welcome. At least she would be doing something productive and useful with her time, rather than sitting around helplessly. Besides, Horus had rescued her from that fate before, and if he managed to re-discover the man, the leader, that she believes still lurks inside him somewhere, he will do so again. Hathor believes that, because she is Love, and Love is hope and belief. Love is worth suffering and dying for. . . . . A/N: OK, at first I really didn't like Gods of Egypt, partly due to the whitewashing that always annoys me, and mostly due to the way they butchered the entire myth. About the best I could say after the first viewing was that it kept me in suspense. Then, of course, my best friend wanted to see it, and it was her turn to pick the movie. That time, I went in determined to pretend that the characters just happened to coincidentally share names with the main players in one of my favourite myths, and was surprised to find that I actually enjoyed it. Not to the extent that I enjoyed Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter or even Alice in Wonderland, but I didn't feel that it was a total waste of my money. The complex sub-plots were interesting, as were the messages of personal growth and the importance of owning up to and fixing your mistakes. The dialogue could be painful at times, with a bit of a tendency toward monologuing but most of the time it was good, with several one-liners that actually made me laugh. Plus, Hathor-Feels. Anyway, if you liked it, drop a review letting me know what you think.[Chapter 2] Not entirely fan fiction, but as most of my friends have forbidden me from complaining about Historical Accuracy in Hollywood, and my usual ranting buddies refused to go and watch it, I kind of needed to get my feelings out somehow. Basically, if you thought that Gods of Egypt was the best thing since sliced bread and way better than some dry old legend, press the \"back\" arrow now. You have been warned. Part of my annoyance springs from the blatant whitewashing of the main characters. The secondary and tertiary cast were fairly mixed, which was good, but what bright spark had the genius idea to use Scandinavian and Scottish to portray Ancient Egyptian Gods?! Like, seriously, what the heck were they smoking? There are plenty of actors who could have played the characters, like Oded Fehr, who co-starred in 'The Mummy', or a wealth of others. Then we get to the butchering of the myth itself. Isis, who in Mythology fled Set and gathered the pieces of her husbands body, while heavily pregnant with Horus, raised her son while waging a guerrilla war agains Set, and orchestrated the plot to bring down her husband's murderer through trickery and cunning, is reduced to wailing helplessly and committing suicide. Hathor, the gentler half of Sekmet the Destroyer, is reduced to a lust object/love interest, plot-wise, though I did enjoy her sass and wits. Nepthys apparently switched roles with Isis, yet was still reduced to a few lines about how much she once loved Set, and pretty wings. I suppose I should be happy that they at least got the relationships correct. One oft-repeated phrase I heard was that they 'had' to change things around to make it more interesting. That sound you just heard was my eyes rolling so hard that they fell out of my head and went into orbit. I admit that the Graeco-Roman pantheon certainly takes the top prize for weird and twisted shenanigans, but the Egyptians were no slouches in making History students go \"Hold it, WTF did I just read?\", either. In one confrontation between Horus and Set, they held a competition to see who could 'Dominate' the other. Please read that in the most innuendo-laden way possible, because I don't want to have to change the story rating. Horus lost, but ejaculated into Set's porridge and pointed to the evidence of his sperm in Set's intestinal tract as \"proof\" that he had won. Another time, Set Goaded Horus into such a rage that when Isis tried to restrain him, Horus cut off his own mother's head! Luckily, they're Gods, so no permanent damage. If anything, the screenwriters needed to change things to avoid getting sued for inappropriate themes, not to make it more exciting! Rant over, I feel much better now. Thanks, Nat[Chapter 3] On a side (and totally awesome) note: I HAVE BEEN PUBLISHED AGAIN! The newest of my books, ' Snow White Learns Stranger Danger , is now available through Amazon dot com in kindle and paperback formats! Unfortunately, that means that it has to be taken down from this site. I'll leave the first chapter or so available as a preview of sorts. I'm still working on ' Beautiful, Inside and Out ' and ' Eternity's Invitation ', both of which are being posted in 'first draft' form on this site. The next story in the series, chronologically, will be ' Red Riding Hood and the Stalker '. I'm also considering writing an original story based off elements of ' The Paths Diverge ' and ' The Dursley Witch '. What do you think? Thanks, Nat ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Gods of Egypt, or the mythology on which it is (extremely) loosely based. "},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"Javier and Katey's Farewell","Author":"Maddie-Cakes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7010898","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I've had this written for a while. I hope you all enjoy it. Disclaimer: I do not own Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights. Katey Miller sat on the plane heading back to America thinking about Havana and Javier. Her younger sister, Susie, who sat beside of her on the plane, tried for an hour to have a conversation with her. She finally gave up after she would get simple shakes of the head, short replies, or no response at all. Katey was glad. She just wanted to be left alone. She stared out the window at the land below her wishing so very badly they could just turn the plane around and go back to Havana, the place that made her truly happy, the place where Javier, her true love, was. How was she going to live her life without him in it? Already, she missed dancing with him. The feel of his body as they danced so close to one another. She was going to give up her dreams of going to college and everything else she had planned to be with him. She had new dreams, dreams of a life spent with him. Now, those dreams felt so far away and out of reach. Before she left, Javier told her to not give up hope. They would see each other again somehow, someway. She let her mind wonder back to when they said their last good-byes. Javier lifted Katey's chin with his finger. She had tears on her cheeks that he wiped away with his thumbs. \"Don't cry, Katey,\" he said. He was trying to be strong for her. Katey held his wrists as he cupped her face in his hands. \"We'll see each other again, right?\" Javier smiled and nodded his head. \"We'll keep in touch, too. I have your adress and you have mine. We'll write each other.\" Katey smiled and nodded. \"I just know, in my heart, we'll dance together again.\" \"Me too,\" he said. \"So, don't be sad. Okay?\" She let a couple more tears fall, but smiled. \"Okay.\" \"I don't want you sad in America either,\" Javier told her. \"I want you to go to college and be happy. Do all those things you told me you dreamed of.\" \"But, my dreams are to be with you now,\" she said. He shook his head. \"The dreams before me. Promise me you'll follow them.\" Katey felt she couldn't do those dreams now. All she wanted was to stay with Javier, but he wanted her to do them, so she would. \"I promise.\" They looked into each others eyes for a long moment, the last time they would before she had to leave. Javier leaned in close to kiss her and Katey leaned in, too. Their lips met and they shared a passionate, yet gentle kiss. They were interrupted by a car pulling up and the horn honking. \"I guess I better go,\" Katey said after their kiss ended. Javier nodded and squeezed her hand tight. \"I love you, Katey.\" She felt tears in her eyes, but forced them back. \"I love you, too, Javier.\" The horn sounded again. They kissed and hugged one last time. He walked her to the car and watched as she got in. He sood staring as the car drove away. She watched him from the window untill she couldn't see him anymore. She leaned back in her seat and sighed. She let the tears that were forcing to come out run freely down her cheeks. She would do what she promised Javier and hold on to the hope that one day they would see each other again. Review and let me know what you think. I may write more to it, but I'm not sure yet. :) ","Summary":" I've had this written for a while. I hope you all enjoy it. Disclaimer: I do not own Dirty Dancing:"},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"The Reunion DDHN","Author":"thehopeforliffe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13057540","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dirty Dancing Havana Nights: One Shot **Disclaimer: I do not own DD:HV or any of the characters, licenses, etc. ** This is a one shot about Javier Suarez and Katey Miller. It takes place almost 5 years after Katey returns to America. During her daily walk along the Florida shores where she stares off into the distance and wishes her beloved Javier would come to her, she gets an unexpected surprise. Nearly five years had passed since her adventures in Havana, Cuba. Katey tucked Junie into bed and told him his favorite bedtime story in Spanish, because she had practiced and learned for the last few years. It was the story of his father, Javier Suarez, and how he and Katey would dance together in the hot Havana afternoons at La Rosa Negra. She regaled him with the story of how they had become King and Queen of the Cuban dance club. Junie fell asleep smiling. He was always excited to hear about his father. It broke Katey's heart that he often asked when he would be coming to find them. She always had to answer that she didn't know. The Cuban government wasn't exactly keen on allowing passage back and forth from Cuba to the Americas. She smiled down at her sleeping child and walked out of the room. Every night, after she had put him to bed and told him the story, she would go for a walk out on the beach. Florida was as close to Cuba as she could get, and therefore, as close to Javier as she could be. She had written him many times, but to no avail. Her letters always were returned to her, especially in the last year. That never stopped her from trying. It's also the reason why she moved to Florida in the first place. If she couldn't get her letters to him, then she would stare out across the ocean praying that God would somehow reconnect them. Junie couldn't sleep that night. It wasn't long before he was up. After all, his grandparents and aunt had come to visit for the summer. They were still up talking in the kitchen, so he decided he would crawl up in his grandmother's lap to listen to their conversation. It didn't take him long to figure out that they were talking about his father. \"I just don't understand why he never wrote her or called,\" said Jeannie. \"Mom, don't be so hard. Her letters to him were always returned. Maybe they got lost in postage. It happens all the time here, so it could happen there, too.\" \"Honey, it's more likely that he just moved and didn't tell her where he was going. I mean, didn't you ever think that he could have been using her?\" Jeannie tried to push reason. \"Hey!\" Junie shouted. \"That's my daddy! He loves Mommy! He's just having a hard time getting here! Mommy told me all about the mean man that won't let Daddy leave!\" With that he jumped out of Jeannie's lap and ran for the door. Darting outside, he ran to his little wooden play house that his grandparents had built him. He called it his hide-out. The trio of adults had followed him long enough to see where he was hiding and decided to let him cool off there for a while. A little later, Suzie stepped outside to smoke a cigarette while she spoke with her father. \"Do you think Mom is right, Dad?\" \"I don't know,\" he replied, \"it's not for me to say. I can't speak for him. But it does make me wonder.\" \"HE WILL BE BACK, YOU'LL SEE! THEN YOU'LL HAVE TO SAY YOU'RE SORRY!\" Junie asked as he ran towards the beach. As he ran he bumped into one of two men that he hadn't seen get out of a car that was now pulling away. \"Woah, where are you going, little guy?\" the man asked Junie. \"Woah,\" Junie said distracted by the man's accent, \"You sound like some of the Latinos around here! Where are you from?\" \"I am from Cuba.\" \"Woah! That's where my Daddy is from!\" he said. \"Well, hola! Mi nombre es Javier pero todos me llaman Junie!\" \"Hola, Junie. Encantada de concerte. Tell me, is this where Katey Miller lives?\" The man asked. \"No, it's where Katey Suarez lives, but my Grandpa is right there, he might know where she is.\" \"Who are you talking to, Junie?\" Bert asked when he noticed that Junie was now out of hiding and talking to some random man. \"Somebody looking for Katey Miller, Grandpa. Can you help him?\" Junie responded. \"I'll take him inside while you two talk,\" said Susie. \"Really? Who are you?\" Bert asked. \"Senor Miller, is that you? It's me. Javier\" the man said. \"Javier? It really is you, isn't it?\" \"Did Katey get married?\" Javier was apprehensive about the sudden change in name, and now there was this little boy roughly the same age as the time lapse has been. Thoughts were flooding his mind, but when his brother's touch came on his shoulder he found his resolve. \"Is she here? Can I see her?\" \"Ah, no.\" Bert paused. \"That is to say, she's down at the beach at the moment, but you're more than welcome to see her. But no. She isn't married. When she found out she was pregnant, she changed her last name.\" He paused again, \"Who's this with you?\" \"Oh, this is my brother Carlos. My whole family was able to come to America with me. We are all citizens now.\" \"Wow. That's some good news. Well, Carlos, why don't you come inside and get something to eat or drink. I think Javier and Katey need to have a conversation.\" \"Thank you, sir.\" Carlos replied. Javier found his way down to the beach where the failing light shone on Katey's pale complexion. It made her look like an angel. She was practicing the routine from the competition. He slowly made his way toward her. She never heard him approaching. When he was close enough to touch her, he whispered into her ear, \"May I have this dance?\" She whirled around and stared at him in disbelief before throwing herself on him in an enormous embrace. He spun her around and around until they fell into the sand smiling and crying. \"I can't believe you're really here! I thought I was dreaming for a minute there.\" She said with emotion overwhelming her words. \"I'm here. I'm really here. Me and my whole family made it. We are American citizens now. But there is something that I have to know,\" he paused, \"Do you still feel about me the same way that you did? And who is Junie's father?\" \"You met Junie?\" She said with excitement in her voice. \"I thought you would have figured that out. You are his father. I love you, Javier. We have been waiting for you for so long!\" \"I have a son?\" Javier was lost for words. \"Yes, we have a son. He's named for his father. He dances like him, too,\" she said nudging him a little as they both sat upright in the sand. \"Why did you change your name?\" \"I didn't want anyone to think that I was available. James already tried to take advantage of me once. I thought that if everyone thought that I had a husband in Cuba, then no one would try to mess with me.\" She said. \"You would want to marry me?\" \"Of course. Why not?\" \"I don't know. I just thought,\" he paused. \"You thought that the distance would have kept us apart?\" she filled in the last of his sentence. He shook his head in the affirmative and leaned in to kiss her, but they were interrupted by a little voice on the wind. \"Mommy! Mommy!\" Junie shouted. Before Junie and Suzie were close enough to hear, Javier asked, \"Why do you call him Junie?\" \"Javier Suarez Junior. Junie is what we call him for short.\" She smiled. \"You missed me that badly that you gave him such a terrible name?\" They both laughed heartily. Little footsteps got closer and the four-year-old Junie flopped his arms around his mother's neck. \"Can you come in now? We have visitors and they speak Spanish like us! Please, Please, Please?\" Junie begged. Javier laughed at the memory of Katey trying pitifully to apologize for spilled drinks. As if to read his thoughts, she laughed in unison and nudged him again. \"Junie, I think you already met Mr. Javier, but there's something that you should know.\" Katey began. \"I already know!\" Junie interrupted. \"He's my Daddy! You said my Daddy's name is Javier and is from Cuba. So, when I met Mr. Javier from Cuba looking for Katey Miller, I thought that it had to be him! Who else could it be?\" Javier had tears in his eyes. He looked at Junie again and this time didn't let his mind discredit the significant resemblances that he shook of as coincidence in their first meeting. \"It is good to meet you, again, son,\" Javier said to Junie. \"I love you, too, Dad.\" Junie said. The three of them sat on the beach until the light was completely gone. Junie had fallen asleep in their laps. The two long lost lovers carried their sleeping son into the house and planned their happily ever after. ","Summary":" Dirty Dancing Havana Nights: One Shot **Disclaimer: I do not own DD:HV or any of the characters, li"},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"Havana nights","Author":"Jo.Farrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10947045","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Je me souviens de notre voyage retour pour la maison comme si c'était hier. Quelle ironie. Je me souviens aussi qu'en arrivant sur l'île j'étais sure de n'y trouver que l'ennui et des préoccupations et pourtant, en devant dire au revoir à Cuba, c'est une partie de moi que je laissais là-bas. Javier hantait mes pensées, de nos danses endiablées vues comme immorales et inappropriées ici, à nos câlins et discussions philosophiques. Plus de doute possible, j'étais amoureuse. Amoureuse d'un passé inaccessible, quelle chance. Bien sur, maman était ravie de me voir rentrer en Amérique, ou je me trouverais un petit ami blanc et de bonne famille, fervent membre de country club et lèche botte parfait. Hors de question. Nos relations s'étaient dégradées à partir de là, tout simplement. Malgré tout ses beaux sourires, elle méprisait toujours autant mon petit ami, le seul garçon ayant jamais eu du respect pour moi. Qu'importe que sa peau soit plus foncée que la mienne ou qu'il soit issu d'une famille pauvre. Les quelques semaines que nous avions passées ensembles étaient, et de loin, les plus belles de ma vie. Trois ans. Trois longues années plus tard, je me retrouve à nouveau dans cette voiture, face à maman, et Suzie. Les amis haut placés de papa, dont il nous parlait peu souvent, nous ont obtenu une dérogation pour revenir sur l'île dans un cadre bien spécifique. Je ravale un son étrange venu du fond de ma gorge pendant que je redécouvre la Havane par la vitre, maman tenant sur ses jambes recouvertes par sa robe noire le petit pot en fer. C'est ridicule. - Je ne comprends pas pourquoi papa a exigé ça, dit Suzie en exprimant ma propre incompréhension. Maman se contente de rajuster ses gants sur ses doigts, avant de regarder vers moi avec cet air presque dégouté. Ça me met presque hors de moi. Comment elle ose ? Elle n'est pas la seule à être triste pour l'amour de Dieu. - Parce que ton père, dit maman d'une voix qui ne cache pas son mécontentement, a cédé au caprice de Katey, même une fois mort. J'avale difficilement ma salive et préfère ne pas l'écouter. Quand papa est mort dans un accident du travail il y a une vingtaine de jours, tant ma soeur que moi avons étaient surprises de découvrir son testament. Il voulait que ses cendres soient jetées dans le sable de Cuba, lui qui n'avait pourtant pas vraiment semblé si triste que ça quand nous avions du quitter le pays. Et depuis, maman est purement ignoble avec moi. Il a fallu un moment pour que nous ayons les papiers nécessaires pour revenir ici, et nous y voilà. A mes yeux d'américaine, rien n'a l'air d'avoir changé. Si ce n'est que le régime politique est encore plus stricte qu'avant la révolution si on en croit ce que disent les médias. Je me souviens avoir mis Javier en garde contre cette possibilité, mais il avait choisi de ne pas m'écouter. Et maintenant, qu'est-il devenu ? J'ai du mal à cacher que je penses à lui, comme ça a été le cas ces trois dernières années. Est-ce que lui, il m'a oubliée ? - Je te préviens Katey, n'essaie même pas d'aller retrouver ce serveur cubain. La voix froide de ma mère me ramène vers le monde réel et je soupire fortement. Elle m'en veut, et je ne sais même pas pourquoi. Nous arrivons finalement à l'hôtel, notre ancien hôtel, qui me semble avoir bien plus mauvaise mine que sous Batista et je monte m'enfermer dans ma chambre. L'hôtel est occupé par quelques touristes mais on ne peut pas cacher que les américains ne sont pas les bienvenus. Ils ne nous ont rien dit parce que nous sommes des femmes, et en deuil. Aucun risque que le sexe faible n'attire des ennuis, tant que nous restons à notre place. Je ne défaits même pas ma valise, puisque je ne sais pas pour combien de temps nous sommes ici. Quand j'émerge dans le salon, maman y est assoupie, tenant encore dans ses mains le pot contenant les cendres de papa. Je crois qu'elle ne s'en remettra jamais. Est-ce que là elle peut comprendre comment je me sens sans Javier ? Moi aussi je me sens comme en deuil. Lui et moi, c'était plus, tellement plus que ce que tout le monde croit. Je sors de cette pièce en ayant la sensation d'étouffer et me retrouve en bas, près de la piscine déserte. Tout maintenant me fait penser à une ville fantôme. Mais qu'est-ce que cette île débordante de joie est devenue ? Sans vraiment faire attention aux consignes de ma mère me disant de ne pas quitter l'hôtel, je marche jusqu'à la plage, les cheveux dans le vent et vois avec la surprise que la cabine de toile ou Javier et moi avons passé la nuit est toujours là. Je pensais qu'après tout ce temps, l'hôtel aurait déjà était pillé et qu'il ne resterait plus rien de mes souvenirs. A la nuit tombée je rentre enfin, non sans avoir crue apercevoir du mouvement à de plusieurs reprises dans les bosquets d'arbres. Ma première nuit à la Havane se révèle terrible et épuisante, je n'ai pas cessé de cauchemarder. Quel enfer. Le lendemain, je me retrouve à suivre ma soeur et maman qui se sont décidées à partir en balade dans les environs avec un guide et quelques autres clients de l'hôtel. Nous passons devant le parc où j'avais vu Javier danser pour la première fois et je suis envahie par une nuée de sentiments et de regrets. Je le revois presque danser là, avec les quelques autres personnes se déhanchant toujours au rythme de la musique. Ça au moins ça n'a pas changé. Je m'approche, fascinée de voir ce type de danse qui me manque tant. Je ne suis plus une timide lycéenne au déhanché épouvantable. Je me sens comme eux, j'aimerais tant être comme eux. Je reste immobile, résistant à l'envie de me joindre à eux. Ces gens-là, ils ne comprendraient pas ce que je fais là, moi, l'américaine arrogante qui se permet de revenir sur leur territoire. - Abuelito ! Je me retourne lentement en voyant cet homme que j'avais pris pour Javier de loin s'approcher d'un vieil homme s'occupant de la musique. Et là, mon coeur me donne l'impression d'avoir loupé un battement. Il ne ressemble juste pas à Javier. C'est Javier. Il ne me remarque pas, et c'est peut-être pas plus mal. Je le vois, je l'ai enfin sous les yeux. Il sourit, il se porte bien, il danse toujours comme un Dieu. Il va très bien, même sans moi. Quelle idiote j'ai été de croire que mon absence signifierai quelque chose. Peut-être qu'à la vérité, il ne m'aimait pas autant que je l'aime. Je passe une main dans mes cheveux qui sont beaucoup plus longs, et bien moi clairs et me détourne, cachant au mieux ma confusion et mon teint qui a du encore plus pâlir sous le coup de l'émotion. C'est bien sur cet instant que choisis Suzie pour traverser la foule, de sa demarche sautillante, digne de l'adolescente pleine de gaieté qu'elle est toujours. - Katey ?! crie t'elle sans prendre la peine de se montrer discrète. Je soupire et viens la rejoindre, l'attrapant par le bras et la ramenant vers notre groupe déjà loin devant. - Mais enfin qu'est-ce que tu faisais ? me demande t'elle en fronçant ses sourcils. - Je me le demande aussi, renchérit une voix que je ne connais que trop bien. Javier se glisse devant nous, nous bloquant le passage. J'en manque de perdre l'équilibre. Il est toujours aussi diablement beau. Suzie lui sourit et lui saute au cou, avec son exubérance habituelle et il la resserre maladroitement contre lui, sans me lâcher des yeux. Ses lèvres articulent silencieusement des mots que je ne connais que trop bien. \"La Rosa Negra. Ce soir. 22 heures.\" Je n'arrive même pas à articuler un mot qu'il file déjà, et Suzie hausse les épaules en m'entraînant à nouveau. J'avale ma salive nerveusement en entrant dans le club. J'ai l'impression de faire un bon 3 ans en arrière, tout y est exactement à l'identique. Même la musique y est toujours aussi bonne, et toujours autant de gens dansent sur son rythme. La seule chose qui à changé ici, c'est moi. Comme dans un de mes nombreux rêves, Javier émerge de la foule des danseurs dans son marcel blanc, ses cheveux noirs ébouriffés, beau à en tomber par terre. Il s'avance vers moi, et souris enfin. J'avais craint qu'il ne soit fâché contre moi. - L'effroyable danseuse américaine, enfin de retour sourit-il en me regardant de haut en bas, comme pour s'assurer que je sois bien réelle. Je ne peux pas m'empêcher de faire de même avec lui, retenant mon souffle. Il fini par me guider au bar, et nous discutons comme deux veilles connaissances en évitant les sujets qui fâchent : nos vies de couple. Inexistante pour moi, bien sur. Il m'apprend que Carlos a réussi à quitter le pays avec les enfants, et c'est installé à Miami en attendant qu'ils les rejoignent. Javier n'a malheureusement pas eu cette chance, et il vit toujours aussi avec sa mère et son grand-père, travaillant toujours autant qu'avant la révolution. Je suis tentée de poser une de mes mains contre sa joue, dans un geste de réconfort mais m'abstiens. - Et toi, qu'est-ce qui t'amène ici ? Il me scrute comme si j'étais à moitié folle de revenir ici dans l'ambiance actuelle. Et il n'a pas tord. C'est ce que je suis. Folle. Folle de lui. Mais bien sur, j'évite de le lui dire. - Mon père est mort. On y est ici pour disperser ses cendres, à sa volonté. On a juste besoin d'un dernier papier pour le faire. Même si j'ai l'impression qu'il y a autre chose, dont ma mère refuse de me parler. Je fini ma phrase en marmonnant, et en en fixant d'un oeil morose mon verre presque intouché. En vérité, je me retiens de lui sauter dans les bras. A ma grande surprise, il glisse deux doigts sous mon menton et me fait redresser la tête. - Je suis désolé de ce qui t'arrive. Et, tu m'as manqué. - Pas autant que toi, tu m'as manqué... Je ne peux pas m'empêcher de paraître niaise avec mots, ni de fondre à l'éclat de son sourire. Sans dire un mot il se relève et me tend la main. Je retire le gilet noir recouvrant mes épaules, découvrant une de ces fameuse robe collant à la peau qu'il aime tant, et glisse ma main dans la sienne. Je lui fait entièrement confiance, y compris lorsqu'il me mène sur la piste de danse. C'est comme si rien n'avait changé. Comme si nos vies n'étaient pas encore plus compliquées qu'avant. Il commence à danser, et moi avec lui, chansons sur chansons. Notre alchimie est toujours aussi forte, comme si nous ne nous étions jamais quittés. J'entends certaines personnes parler aussi. Certains se demandant qui je suis, d'autres me reconnaissant à ma très grande surprise. C'est finalement Raoul et Esmeralda qui remettent les choses en ordre en nous honorant, comme il y a trois ans cette nuit-la, du rôle de roi et reine de la Rosa Negra. Je profite de chaque secondes avec lui, avec la peur farouche de me réveiller dans un autre de mes rêves et de pleurer à nouveau ce manque en moi. Finalement, je fini haletante à la fin de la nuit, et pose ma tête dans son cou. - Merci, je lui murmure, pleine de gratitude. - Tu es enfin de retour chez toi. Il semble hésiter, et embrasse finalement ma joue. Je lui souris, et il se penche plus vers moi, lentement, jusqu'à poser ses lèvres sur les miennes. Je me resserre contre lui, respirant enfin à nouveau. Javier me raccompagne a l'hôtel, jusqu'à ma propre porte, et je le fais entrer. Je veux profiter de lui, jusqu'à la dernière seconde. Peu importe ce que ma mère en pensera ou dira. En parlant d'elle d'ailleurs, elle allume la lampe du salon à notre entrée, comme si elle nous avait attendus toute la nuit, comme si elle se doutait que nous allions finir ensembles à nouveau. Les doigts serrés, elle me tends quelques feuilles de papier que je parcours des yeux. Les derniers volontés de mon père. Ayant remarqué mon mal être en étant loin de Javier, il a demandé à ce que ses restes reposent ici afin de nous donner une autre chance. Une occasion pour moi de le sauver, comme j'en avais rêvé il y a trois ans. - Des que les cendres seront dispersées Katey, nous remonteront dans l'avion privée de la société de ton grand-père. Les accords qu'il a avec les autorités font que nous ne serons pas fouillés, tu peux donc en mener ton ami et sa famille. Mais choisis bien ton bord Kattey. Une fois en Amérique, ce serra eux, ou moi. Je regarde Javier, qui peine à croire à ce qu'il entend. Je les amènes avec moi, même si ma mère est prête à me renier pour ça, même si Javier ne m'aime pas comme moi je l'aime. Je préfère être seule plutôt que de l'imaginer souffrir et se tuer à la tache pour sa famille. Et c'est ainsi que les choses se sont passées. Dans le stress. La nostalgie. La peur aussi. Trois jours plus tard, nous avons atterrit près de Miami et Javier, sa mère et son grand-père respiraient pour la première fois l'air américain. L'air empli de liberté. - Tu sais, commence Javier, j'ai eu d'autres aventures une fois toi partie. Je baisse la tête, sentant mon coeur chavirer. - Pas moi, Javier. Il m'attire dans ses bras en me coupant le souffle, et j'y reste, sans parvenir à comprendre ce qu'il essaie de me dire. - Katey, ça n'a toujours était que toi cependant. Je t'aime. Et tu vas me manquer... Je redresse brusquement la tête vers lui, les yeux plein de larmes. Il veut me laisser ? Maintenant que je l'ai sauvé il ne veut plus de moi ? Ses yeux s'agrandissent devant mes larmes et il a soudain l'air catastrophé. - Katey, je, je ne peux juste pas te demander de renoncer à ta famille pour moi, tu en as déjà tellement fait pour nous. - Javier, je t'ai déjà perdu pendant trois ans, et c'était suffisamment long comme ça. C'est toi que je choisis. Mille fois toi. C'est étrange comme les choses se font. Je n'aurais jamais cru tomber amoureuse d'un serveur sur cette île. Je n'aurais jamais cru que notre destin serait si compliqué et dangereux, mais au bout du comptes, tout cela en valait la peine. Javier est maintenant le père de mes enfants. Mon mari. L'homme de ma vie. Et ensemble, nous avons créer ce club révolutionnaire sur les rives de la Floride. La Rosa Negra. En hommage à ce qui nous a rapproché. Les gens y dansent comme à la Havane. Nous avons même réussi à secourir au cours des années d'autres de nos amis, tel que Raoul et Esmeralda, qui nous aide à diffuser leur culture. J'ai enfin tout ce qu'il me faut pour être heureuse, y compris maman, qui est revenue vers moi au bout de deux ans de solitude. Ce fut un long chemin, mais on peut enfin dire que nous sommes à la maison. ","Summary":" Je me souviens de notre voyage retour pour la maison comme si c'était hier. Quelle ironie. Je me so"},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"Last dance","Author":"LylSev","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7258963","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is more of a cheer up story which tries to be at least a bit realistic. Lots of people consider Havana Nights to be a nonsense movie and not as successful as the first one while me I love the second movie a bit more. Maybe because of characters and the story as all , I agree the first one is poor classic but the second one is equally good! sorry for my English, please don't be evil :P. When Katey and Javier said their goodbyes they promised each other that their dance wasn't the last one, both of them have lived different lives. For 3 years Javier, his brother, their families and the whole Cuba were fighting for something, for their own believes, for their truths. While Javier were trying to survive, Katey was studying and growing up into a beautiful and intelligent lady. Radcliffe wasn't that bad. A year after the revolution, Javier started working again. The hotel once so famous, once so rich and crowded with rich Americans was now reconstructed and he help with repairing the hotel and other houses. His girlfriend Susana left him a beautiful baby boy Diego. She died, a lovely girl, he even for once felt happy with her before the death came and got me. His boy looked exactly as his mother. Katey finished school, had couple of relationships and decided to be an university teacher. 7 years after she left Cuba, her first love Javier and her love named Cuba she was there standing at the airport, waiting for her plane. Where ? To Havana. An American to teach English and the University of Cuba, her fiancé left her and she decided she needs a rest and she accepted a generous offer. The journey was long and filled with memories, what does Javier do? Would he love her ? Would he even loved to see her? Would he even recognize her? How does he live? Time passed by, hours in days, days in months, Katey was busy adjusting to the collective, she and Arthur, the professor of economy were the only foreigners. She was going around streets of Havana, hiding from people's eyes, she knew they hated her because she is American, because she has something they don't though she couldn't say she is rich or that she has a big villa, they thought it, they blamed her, she saw poor people on the streets, gave them money sometimes they accepted and were thankful, sometimes they were rude. Secretly she looked at everyone, looking for him. Maybe he is dead. Maybe he moved away? She made a friend at least one, it was her maid, her name was Aurelia, she was a nice Cuban girl at the age of 18, sweet and caring, very girly, chasing boys around and all. When Aurelia found out Katey had her 26th birthday she decided to took her dancing. Not knowing where are they going, Katey agreed, secretly happy that she could go and express her passion, it has been a while since she danced! La Rosa Negra once such a memorable place, it looked different, it lost its glamour but not its people, not its life. People there were carefree, forgetting their problems, dancing, dancing, dancing everything out. She loved it there. Aurelia took her dancing, Katey was moving her hips, once a queen forever a queen, she was surprised that she didn't forget how to dance. Girls were drinking and having fun,Katey was introduced to Aurelia's friends, some girls gossips, boys talk, drinks and she finally felt a bit of happiness. While dancing she bumped into little boy. \"oh perdone!\" she smiled at little boy, he looked interesting, tanned with brown hair and thin a danced since the birth but with such beautiful deep blue eyes, so unique. he smiled and run away, she was looking at the place where he was running, he touched his father's t shirt, getting his attention by screaming \"papá\" the man turned to him and caressed his hair and she saw him. \"Javier! Javier!\" he turned to her, stunned, not believing his eyes. \"Diego! Sara!\" two children were running around the house, screaming and waving there hands pretending to fly. 9 years old boy and his 3 years old little sister run to their father, the girl a mixed image of both her parents, her father's eyes and her mother's soft lips, her hair a color something between brown and blonde, the older boy with a cheerful smile, the bright one, brave and caring just like his father. Katey took Diego as her own, she was for her, Diego did think about his mother once in a while, how did she look and how it would be, still he couldn't complain, he called Katey his mom and hugged her and kissed her and painted her pictures and helped his father. As soon as they had money Javier and Katey opened a cultural centre for children, they taught them how to dance, how to speak English, how to paint and play football. Of course there were days when they annoyed each other, both had the ability to do it, Javier's temperament and Katey's stubbornness didn't make it always easy but life was good, life was a dance. \"do you wanna dance?\" he took her hand in his, her hair grey and her face not as young as it was once but her smile as pretty as always. she was his dream, his love and he gave her his last dance as she gave him hers. xxxxxxxxxxxx thank you so much for reading ! and if you liked it please make me happy and comment! :) ","Summary":" This is more of a cheer up story which tries to be at least a bit realistic. Lots of people conside"},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"Homecoming","Author":"Riddicknodefeat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10138501","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own Dirty Dancing Havana Nights, I wish though Homecoming Katy walked through the narrow streets once again as if it were yesterday, not six years ago, that she'd last walked them. Javier had no idea she was coming to see him. Since she left she missed him too much to bear and she wanted to be back in his arms. She was hoping he would still feel the same way about her, the same as six years ago when they last danced together. The gates were still there, in front of his home, same as before. The streets of Havana looked almost the same as before, she could still not find her way around the damn city, but she hoped she could try. She was both excited and petrified. What if he didn't still love her? Sure, they wrote back and forth, they called as often as possible, but she lived in Miami and he lived here, in Cuba, what if he decided he wanted a Cuban girl, instead of her? But she thought of this every time she missed him, or thought of what they could still have, and every time she got a letter from him, or he phoned her and pin pointed on exactly how she felt, she lost all those thoughts in her head and just missed the feeling of him in her arms. She reached the gates and paused in thought. Was she ready for this? Why was she so scared? This was the man she truly loved, and who loved her. So she watched the gate and reached for the bell. She had to at least make sure he still loved her, and hope that he didn't give up on her keeping her promise to come back. It wasn't Javier who came to the door, but his brother, Carlos. When he saw her, he froze and stood still for a moment before he broke out and smiled. He threw the door open and grabbed her wrist. \"Katy, thank god you're here!\" He laughed as he spun her around and gave her a hug. \"Good to see you too, Carlos.\" She grinned. He let her step back and looked her up and down. \"Girl, you haven't changed, have you? Still as lovely as ever.\" He brought her hand up to his lips and kissed it gently. \"I'm shocked that Javier didn't mention you were coming. I would be sure that would pull him out of the depressed rut he's been in since you left.\" Katy smiled to herself, it sounded as if Carlos was describing her last six years, not Javier's. \"Well he doesn't exactly know I'm here. I didn't tell him. My father got offered a job here as a medium between the states and Cuba, so I came along. I wanted to surprise Javier. Is he home?\" Carlos was smiling and laughing at the same time, he seemed to be plotting some evil thing to do to his brother. \"Carlos,\" She whispered, getting his attention. \"I really want to see him, is he here?\" The plotting went away and he nodded his head, putting his finger to his lips as he turned to go to the door. \"Hey, Javi, come out here would you? There's a package for you.\" He winked at her and moved off to the side and waited for him to show. Javier said something back to him in Spanish before he came through the doorway and froze. His eyes were wide and his mouth hung open. Katy stood there, smiling at him from her spot in the courtyard. She didn't know what she should say or do. She'd thought this moment in her head over and over yet now that it was really happening she didn't know how to do it. So she started simple. \"Hey.\" Javier was dumbstruck as he took a few steps towards her. He didn't touch her though, simply looked at her shocked. \"Are you real? Or am I dreaming again?\" Katy's emotions went into hyper drive and the tears began to fall. She'd missed him so much, so much that she dreamt of him every night. And he did the same. She couldn't be happier than to be here right now. \"It's really me, Javier. I'm here.\" The tears fell again, heavier this time, but Javier quickly captured them with his hand and pulled her into his arms. Her head fell into his shoulder and she wept openly. She thought she felt a few tears fall onto her shoulder, as well, but she didn't care. She was back with him, and back in his arms. That was all that mattered right now. She didn't know how long they stayed like that. Minutes, seconds, hours, but finally Javier pulled her head back and brushed her hair away from her face. \"Hello,\" He whispered, leaning his forehead against hers. \"Hi.\" She smiled up at him, the tears falling freely from her eyes. Without hesitation, Javier leaned down and pressed his lips to hers, claiming her mouth in a kiss. This is what she had longed for over the years. This was home. ","Summary":" I do not own Dirty Dancing Havana Nights, I wish though Homecoming Katy walked through the narrow s"},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"Reunion in Havana","Author":"AstridMikaelson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11025753","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own the characters i am only using them for my own enjoyment. A/N: So yes you will notice that there is an 18 year gap from the time the two characters last saw each other. it was done on purpose as to keep to historial record. in 1977 the embargo to Cuba was lifted so Americans were again allowed to reenter the country. I have read many were she returns only a few years later and it bothered me cuz it was not historically accurate. Anyway I might continue this depending on readership and reviews otherwise it stays as it is a one shot. I also would like to thank Hippogriff-Tamer for looking this over for me. Havana. She looked around trying to reacquaint herself to her old home. Funny how this place had become home to her even though she had only lived here for two months during her senior year in high school. But, as the saying goes, home is where the heart is and her heart was here in Havana. She only hoped that the he had missed her as much as she had missed him. Javier. How she missed him. She had known when she left that she had feeling for him, deep feelings. Yet, it wasn't until she was back in the states did she realize that she loved him. Taking a deep breath, she walked out of the airport and hopefully into her new life. Javier sat in his bedroom his head in his hands wondering if he would ever see Katey again. It had been almost eighteen years since the last time he had seen the love of his life. His brother, Carlos, had finally gotten his life together and had even tried to get him to go out with other women. But he just could not do it. He had gone out once, shortly after Katey had left, but halfway through the date he had felt like he was betraying her and had taken the woman home. He didn't even remember her name nor did he want to. All he could think of was her, Katey. He moaned as her name reverberated through his head. He missed her so much. He wished their promise to each other hadn't ended up being a lie. After the revolution, Castro and the United States government had made it impossible for any mail to come or go from Cuba so he had been unable to write her or her him. There was one thing that niggled at the back of his mind though and it was one of the reason he was desperate to see her again. Had a physical part of him gone with her when she left? She had said that she was taking him with her just as he had told her that he was keeping her there with him. Could she have been pregnant with their child when she left? The thought plagued his mind. Now that the embargo had been lifted and Americans were once again allowed into Cuba he wondered if she would return. He hoped so but there was doubt there too. What if she had moved on? Katey walked out of the Oceania Hotel and towards the La Rosa Negra. If there was one place where she knew she would find him it would be there. As she walked she wondered if they had ever crowned a new king and queen. It had been eighteen years after all. She wondered also how she was going to tell him her deepest, most painful secret. Just the thought of his reaction to what she knew she was going to have to tell him made her heart lurch in pain. She stopped in front of the place that held so many beautiful memories before taking a deep breath and walking in. Her reaction was nearly the same as it had been the first time she had walked into the place. The beat of the music called to her on a primal level. There was only one man she wished to dance with. Her eyes scanned the grating and grinding bodies on the dance floor but could not spot him. Slowly she walked to the bar and ordered a drink not expecting the bartender to recognize her. \"The Queen of La Rosa Negra has returned!\" his declaration was loud enough that a hush rushed through the crowd and the dancers on the floor stopped moving to look in her direction before a cheer went up. Katey was surprised by this. She was sure that they had crowned another as queen. Just then a man came walking towards her, the look on his face was one of pure wonder and joy. She knew instantly who he was. When he stopped before her there was no mistaking who stood before her especially when he gave her his signature grin and pulled her towards him and to the dance floor beyond. No words passed between them instead the crowd parted and the music began. Their old routine came back like no time had passed between them. Their bodies moved in perfect synchronization. The need to be in each other's arms after all the time spent apart was paramount. When the dance ended he did not let her go but kept an arm firmly wrapped around her as he led her outside. \"Katey there is something I would like to ask you,\" he began as soon as they were out in the cool night air. \"What is it?\" she asked curious though her eyes never left his. \"I…that is… do you remember the night we spent together?\" She tried to hide a grimace at his words. It wasn't like that night wasn't the most perfect night of her life but it was what came of it that caused the grimace in the first place. She nodded and waited for him to ask her the question she knew was coming. \"Did we…did you…I guess I am trying to ask if…\" he stopped to gather his racing thoughts before continuing. \"Katey, did you become pregnant that night?\" She tried not to break down at his words and could only nod her head in the affirmative. \"You mean you...I… we…\" \"No,\" was all she said but he caught the sorrow behind her words and in her eyes. Again tears gathered in her eyes and a sob caught in her throat. He pulled her flush against her and allowed her to grieve the loss of their child. He was speechless and shocked. He had impregnated her that night but he wondered what had happened for her to lose the child she had carried. \"What happened?\" he whispered against her temple. And before she could stop herself she spilled out the entire sordid story of what had happened after they had parted. \"When we got back to the states I began feeling sick. At first I thought it was simply stress but when I began getting sick almost every morning I knew that what had happened on the beach that night had left me pregnant. At first, I was scared not knowing how I was going to raise this child on my own but then that thought had me realizing that I wanted this child more than I had ever wanted anything in my life.\" She paused a moment to gather her thoughts then continued. \"I…I wanted our baby so much. I couldn't hide my pregnancy for long and when my mother found out she basically disowned me. She said either I got rid of the baby or I was no longer her daughter. I refused to get rid of my baby so she followed through with her threat and disowned me. I couldn't do it, Javier. I just could not lose you or even a small piece of you! She kicked me out of the house and left me with nothing but the clothes on my back. My father and sister managed to get me a small apartment and gave me enough money to get by for a month but that was all they could do.\" \"I managed to find a job to support myself; I finished school and then when I was about seven and a half months pregnant I was walking along the road on the sidewalk when a drunk driver spun out of control that was the last thing I remembered until I woke up six months later in the hospital. That's when I was told that the accident had caused me to lose my baby. I was devastated. I just wanted my parents there but they had all but abandoned me. I wasn't even sure if they even knew I had been in an accident. It took me almost an entire year before I was able to walk again.\" He was on the verge of tears but there was anger in his countenance by the end of her story. How dare her parents abandon her when she had needed them the most? It made him wish that she had never left. True, he didn't have much to offer her but he would have found a way to take care of both her and their child. He continued to hold her rocking her gently in his arms and waiting for her tears to stop. Katey finally managed to stop sobbing and looked up at the man she had never been able to release from her heart or her mind. \"You are not angry with me?\" \"Katey, why would I be angry with you, what happened to you was an accident it wasn't something that you did on purpose.\" \"I know but I still blame myself for it happening in the first place, I should have moved out of the way,\" she whimpered. \"It's not your fault. None of what happened is your fault.\" She still could not seem to stop the flow of tears. \"I am sorry, mi amor,\" he said softly wiping away the tears that had started to fall down her pale face. \"Jav…\" she did not finish his name because he had pulled her into a heart stopping kiss. This kiss was so different from the ones they had shared years ago. This kiss was filled with longing and suppressed passion and need. When they broke apart there was so much need in both of their eyes that they could hardly suppress it. He finally pulled back and without saying a word they left the club. A/N: If you guys want me to continue this you will have to let me know... ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own the characters i am only using them for my own enjoyment. A/N: So yes you "},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"Dance Like This","Author":"cr8vgrl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5970701","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is from a movie that I've never written for before, so I hope that I've done a competent job. I own nothing, as usual. :) Katey tapped her pen against the edge of the desk in front of her, trying not to make her sigh audible. She hated this, all of it. Radcliffe had offered her everything that she had once wanted, but now it was almost a waste of time, and in Katey's opinion, it was a complete waste of her parent's money. But her parents insisted, and so she went. Everything reminded her of him. The gardener, who had his skin tone, the sea, whenever she had a chance to go down to the beach and dip her feet into the water, which had taught her fluidity, everything. Even now, sitting in a classroom in the heat of the day, listening to her professor lecture, she was reminded of him. Two years, and she had heard nothing. Not one word or letter. A droplet of sweat made a slow trail from the base of her neck, where her blonde hair was modestly gathered, down the length of her spine. Normally, the feeling would be strange and uncomfortable, and her old self would have pushed her body back into the seat so that her shirt could catch the droplet, but now, she let it go. Each centimeter of skin that it slid down reminded her of different nights with him, dancing close together in the hot and crowded La Rosa Negra club, surrounded by good music and very good company. \"Miss Miller,\" someone was saying, impatiently at best. Katey looked up, startled for a moment and completely displaced. Wasn't she in Cuba? Wasn't she dancing with him? She sat back in her seat, completely forgetting about the droplet. No, she was here, at Radcliffe, and the teacher was saying something to her. \"I'm sorry?\" she asked, feeling foolish as everyone turned around to stare at her. She fanned her face with one hand and tried to look contrite. \"This heat is getting to me.\" \" Liar,\" she thought to herself. \"The heat never bothered you in Cuba.\" Her teacher was kind enough to repeat the question, and when she answered it only partially correctly, he dismissed the class early. Katey was the first one up out of her chair, grasping her notes tightly as she practically ran out the door. She bit her lip, determined not to cry. She'd been doing so well! Why were all of these memories coming back so harshly? \"Katey! Katey! Wait, Katey !\" someone yelled. Startled, Katey slowed her pace and turned to find JoAnn, one of her only friends, hurrying after her, trying to juggle her books as well as the skirt that kept getting in the way. It was only when she turned to glance at her friend did Katey notice just how far she had walked in such a short time. She was nearly halfway across the campus. \"Sorry,\" she mumbled, and waited for JoAnn to catch up. \"Is your dress on fire or something?\" JoAnn teased, breathing hard and shuffling her books and papers around again. \"No,\" Katey said, and managed a smile. \"But my skin is. My body is.\" She didn't voice these thoughts out loud. JoAnn, as wonderful of a friend as she was, wouldn't understand. She'd never felt that way about anyone before. She'd never given a piece of her heart and had a piece of someone else's given in return. JoAnn, however, was astute, and she frowned slightly. \"Are you thinking about him again?\" Katey nodded, clearing her throat in an effort to keep from crying. She would not break down, she would not break down. \"Yes,\" she whispered softly, eyeing the ground in order to keep from meeting JoAnn's eyes. She pushed at a tuft of grass with the toe of her sensible shoe. She liked the sand better than the grass. The sand on the beach where they had practiced together…. The next thing she knew, JoAnn was grabbing her hand, causing her to almost drop her books, and was dragging her back the way she had come. \"Come on,\" was all JoAnn said. \"Where are we going?\" Katey cried, surprised at the force her friend was exuding. She, Katey, was normally the dragger, not the other way around! \"You'll see!\" JoAnn promised, tossing the words over her shoulder as she continued plowing forward, apparently heading towards the dorm that the girls shared. JoAnn took the three flights of stairs faster than Katey had ever seen her move, and when they reached their room, the latter was out of breath from trying to keep up. She almost collapsed onto her bed as she watched JoAnn flit around the room, breathing hard as well. \"What are you doing?\" Katey managed to gasp out. \"Are you possessed?\" \"No,\" was all JoAnn said, and Katey took her negative reply to be an answer to the second question. She watched as JoAnn threw open their closet and began rifling through the clothes inside. This seemed normal enough since the girls frequently traded clothes, but the urgency which now ruled all of her friend's actions seemed rather alarming to Katey. As JoAnn pulled out the orange dress that was so familiar to Katey, she felt the sudden urge to snatch it away. JoAnn couldn't wear that! Katey was the only one who had the right to wear that dress, and he was the only person that she had the right to wear it for. Any other reasons or persons seemed wrong. As it was, she tried to laugh it off. \"And where are you going that you're going to need that dress?\" she teased. JoAnn laid it out on the bed and scurried around, grabbing Katey's shoes and the barrettes she always wore in her hair. \"I'm not going anywhere,\" she finally explained. \"You are.\" Katey stared, first at her friend, and then at her old clothes. \"Where on earth would I wear that?\" The students at Radcliffe would have heart attacks if they saw little Katey Miller in something like that! If only they knew…. JoAnn crossed over to Katey's pillow, and before Katey could process a protest, JoAnn had pulled the crumpled, well-caressed page out from under it. \"Here,\" was all she said. Most of the words were in Spanish, but \"Dance Club\" was discernible in between the creases in the page. JoAnn had done all she could. She had gotten Katey to leave, finally, and now she could settle down to her study guides, safe and secure in the knowledge that she had hopefully helped her friend. There was only so much one could do for a situation like Katey's, but she had tried her hardest, and the very fact that Katey was no longer in the room gave testament to the power of persuasion. Just as she had settled into a decently-comfortable nook on her bed and opened her guides, a hasty knock sounded at the door, followed by another one before JoAnn even had a chance to close her textbook. If it was Katey, coming back in a panic, so help that girl…! But it wasn't. Standing before her was a young man that she had only ever seen in the reels that Katey had played over and over again when she had first been sent to Radcliffe. She had seen him smiling and waving at her countless times, but no black and white reruns had prepared her for the trembling man in front of her. It had all been a mistake, a dreadful, horrible mistake. Katey leaned against the far wall of the lively club, letting herself get lost in the haze of smoke and sweat. She shouldn't be here. Not without him. JoAnn had been thoughtful, and for all intents and purposes very sweet, but she couldn't do this. Seeing the couples gyrating out on the dance floor, holding each other so close as they moved to the sensual rhythms, was just too much for her to handle. Her palms felt sweaty as she rubbed them nervously against the ruffle of her skirt. Even the material hurt, the soft cloth feeling like a brand against her skin. No amount of bathing would wash him from her heart, body, or mind. She didn't even want to try. She waited until the music ended, determined to wiggle her way to the exit, but just as the last note died down and she took a step forward, a movement by the door caught her eye. When she turned her full attention towards that movement, she nearly stopped breathing. He was taller, and even thinner than the last time she had seen him, but he was there, and he seemed to be very real. Javier Suarez. He saw her at the exact same moment and his gaze locked onto her. It was there, across the floor of the crowded club, that Katey saw the intense love on his face, a look that she had not had the luxury of experiencing in full. She pushed her way through the crowd, and he did the same, coming to stand in front of her and take her hands in his, an action that felt like coming home after all these months. To Katey's dismay, the first thing that popped into her head and out her mouth was, \"I did take you with me.\" Those words, revised from two years ago, didn't make him laugh as she feared they might. Instead, he looked relieved. \"I did keep you right here,\" he told her as he moved her hands over his heart, trying to explain that he had not forgotten their exchange. She couldn't stand it anymore. She threw her arms around his neck and moved into his arms, pressing her face into his shoulder. He hung onto her just as tightly before turning his head to kiss her hair. \"I'm sorry,\" he whispered in her ear. \"I'm sorry it took me so long to come and find you.\" Katey hugged him tighter. \"What happened?\" she asked, pulling away only far enough to get a clear view of those dark eyes that she had loved so much. \"Carlos needed help,\" Javier told her, noticing her nod. She knew their story. \"But after everything settled down, he told me that I needed to go pursue my own dreams.\" He cupped her cheek in the palm of his hand. \"It took me a while to find you, Katey, but I'm so glad I did.\" \"Me too,\" she whispered back. \"I'm so glad you're here! I-I haven't been able to think about much else but you.\" She blushed and ducked her head, but Javier immediately lifted her face up so that he could look down at her. \"I'm here for as long as you'll have me,\" he told her honestly. \"There's not much left for me back in Cuba. Carlos is even thinking about joining me here once he saves up enough money for everyone to come.\" It was Katey's turn to cup his cheek as she rose up on her toes. \"Then you'll stay forever,\" she whispered. A smile spread across both of their faces and he closed the small gap and kissed her, making up for their two years apart as best as he could in that one embrace. Before she could even close her eyes completely, Katey felt his hands threading through her hair, knocking the barrettes out as he eagerly pulled her closer. His lips moved over hers with a gentle, yet frenzied, speed that had her legs giving out and giving him the opportunity to hold her even closer. When Javier pulled back, both of them were breathing hard, and Katey had tears in her eyes, which he quickly wiped away. \"Please don't cry,\" he whispered. Katey sniffled and then laughed, hugging him once more, feeling the need to constantly touch him, almost as though her equilibrium depended upon the touch of his skin and the realness of his presence. \"Sorry,\" she apologized, and was then struck with a thought. \"How'd you know where I was?\" \"I went to your dorm,\" Javier told her. \"You're friend told me I could find you here.\" He bent over her and spoke into her ear. \"She said you felt quite an attachment to a certain flyer of yours.\" He grinned as he watched her turn red. \"You'll have to explain that story to me sometime.\" Katey nodded. \"Sometime,\" she promised. \"For now, will you dance with me?\" Javier pulled her closer, closing his hands over her waist and nodded. \"I've been waiting for two years to dance with you.\" As they moved into the throng of dancers, their bodies remembered their natural sway and rhythm, and Katey found that the tight shackles around her heart fell away as she spun in and out of Javier's arms, both of them dancing together until the point of exhaustion. She felt freer than she had since she arrived back in the States. She had known before she left Cuba that their dance at La Rosa Negra would not be their last, and as they took to the floor one last time, bodies sliding against each other as they had so many times before, she knew that there would be many more to come. Javier was here, and he was staying with her. She wouldn't need to be alone again. They would dance through life in each other's arms until they took their final bows. A/N: I hope you liked it! Just a quick note: JoAnn's character is indeed named after choreographer Ms. JoAnn Jansen from Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights, not as an insult (so I hope it didn't come across that way) but almost as a tribute. Since the story is based on the true events of her life, I wanted to put her in as one character, even if it's rather OOC (out of character) for her. Not everyone in the story can be a Katey! I imagined that the JoAnn here was very much like Katey used to be in the beginning. Thank you so much for reading! Please review! ","Summary":" A/N: This is from a movie that I've never written for before, so I hope that I've done a competent "},{"Movie":"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story","Title":"Jenny's Adventures in A Dinosaur Story","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13119235","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Forte and Fudo families appeared to be in taxi cabs as they were on their way into New York City so that they could see Jenny and her family. \"I really hope Jenny's parents can be home for Thanksgiving,\" Estelle said. \"She said they couldn't make it last year because they had to work.\" \"Oh, I'm sure they'll be home for Thanksgiving this year.\" Mo smiled. \"That's right.\" Atticus nodded. \"I'm just excited about celebrating my first Thanksgiving...\" Felicity said as she grew up in France, and they didn't celebrate Thanksgiving there. \"This is going to be a great Thanksgiving.\" Vincent smiled. \"I wonder who else will be at Thanksgiving?\" Akito smiled back. \"Vincent's just excited to see Jenny again.\" Estelle smirked playfully. \"Hey!\" Vincent pouted to that while blushing. \"Well, it's true.\" Estelle smirked playfully. \"Hmph.\" Vincent just pouted while Akito, Estelle, and Felicity chuckled to him a bit. \"Merci for letting me come to celebrate Thanksgiving, Maman.\" Felicity smiled. \"You're welcome, dear.\" Cherry told her daughter softly. The taxi soon stopped in front of the Foxworth residence. \"Here we go.\" Akito said. They soon came outside with all of their stuff. \"Ah, yes, hello, welcome back,\" Winston smiled to the visitors. \"Allow me to take your stuff for you.\" \"Thank you, Winston.\" Estelle smiled back. The adults smiled to the butler while the kids eagerly rushed inside. Jenny waited by the window with Oliver while Georgette appeared to be watching an exercise video. \"Hey, Jenny!\" The kids smiled. \"Huh?\" Jenny blinked and soon looked over and beamed. \"Oh, hi, guys!\" They soon hugged her and greeted her. \"Oh, I've missed you guys so much too,\" Jenny smiled. \"I wish you guys could come over more often, but I suppose it's just nice I get to see you when I can.\" \"That's true.\" Vincent smiled back. Oliver soon smiled as he came to see them and Snow White also came out, and they nuzzled noses with each other. Vincent and Jenny then shared a sweet hug with each other. \"Are your parents here?\" Akito asked. \"No... Not yet...\" Jenny sighed softly at first. Estelle frowned as she hoped Jenny's parents would be here for Thanksgiving this year. \"Don't worry, Jenny... I'm sure they're maybe gonna surprise you somehow.\" Vincent said. \"It's okay, guys, I'm just glad you were able to make it.\" Jenny smiled sadly to her friends. Estelle could tell that Jenny really wished that her parents would be home for Thanksgiving. Luckily, there was another taxi cab driving downtown through the city. \"Oh, Gregory, I'm so glad we can come home for Thanksgiving this year,\" Natalie smiled to her husband. \"Jenny will be so happy.\" \"I know she will be.\" Gregory smiled back to his wife. \"And I know that Jenny will be happy to see you too.\" Natalie said to a redheaded woman who sat in the back with a gift bag from Barnes & Noble. \"I look forward to it.\" The redheaded woman replied with a smile to the couple in the front seats. Once in front of the Foxworth residence, the three adults soon left. Winston checked on dinner as it was about ready and he soon put on a football game on the TV. \"You like football, Winston?\" Atticus asked the family butler. \"At times, yes.\" Winston replied. \"Cool.\" Atticus smiled. \"Dinner should be ready very soon,\" Winston smiled back. \"Thank you so much for coming too. I know Jennifer appreciates it.\" \"We're happy to have come.\" Mo nodded happily. \"Yeah.\" Atticus smiled. \"This pie looks heavenly...\" Forte said about the pumpkin pie for dessert. Cherry wagged her finger at him about sneaking some. \"Not until after dinner.\" Winston said to him. \"Dang it.\" Forte pouted. Cherry rolled her eyes. \"When's dinner?\" Forte asked. \"Probably another hour.\" Winston replied. \"Why is dinner so early on this holiday?\" Forte then asked his wife. \"I... Don't know actually...\" Cherry replied with a small shrug. \"Thanksgiving dinner is just always in the afternoon.\" They soon heard the doorbell ring. \"Who could be at the door?\" Mo wondered. \"Oh, it's probably Mr. Fagin with the dogs, they were invited too.\" Winston said as he soon came to answer the door. \"Or maybe it could be Jenny's parents.\" Mo smiled. Winston soon opened the door and was surprised. \"Winston!\" Natalie and Gregory beamed to the man. \"Oh, it's so good to see you two!\" Winston smiled as he hugged them happily. \"Not just us.\" Natalie smiled back. \"Oh, I've missed you both so much.\" Jenny smiled to her parents, though they were around more than Eloise's mother would when it came to visiting the Plaza Hotel when not traveling in France or Europe. \"We really missed you too, but there's one person who's missed you more than both of us put together.\" Gregory smiled back. \"Really?\" Jenny wondered. \"Who?\" The Foxworth couple stepped aside to show a younger redheaded woman who came inside with a small smile. Jenny gasped and soon ran up to the woman and she opened her arms up for a warm and loving hug. \"AUNT HOLLY!\" \"Oh, Jenny, look at how big you've gotten.\" Holly smiled as she hugged her niece. \"Aunt Holly, I haven't seen you in so long.\" Jenny smiled back. \"It really has been a while, my dear,\" Holly nodded before looking over. \"Ooh... These must be your friends.\" \"Yes,\" Jenny nodded back. \"That's Estelle, we're pen pals, and that's her twin brother, Akito, her older brother Vincent, and their cousins, Felicity and Simon.\" \"Hello.\" The Fudo cousins smiled. \"Oh, hello, dears,\" Holly smiled back. \"I can tell that you're good friends to my niece.\" The others smiled as they knew that Holly was a very sweet and tender woman. \"Come, Holly, I'll show you your room.\" Natalie smiled to her sister. Holly soon began to follow Natalie up to her room. \"So, that's the famous Aunt Holly I've heard about.\" Estelle said. \"Yeah, she doesn't visit too often, but it's always amazing when she does,\" Jenny smiled. \"I know she'll love Oliver and Georgette though. Aunt Holly just loves animals.\" \"I can tell she's an animal lover.\" Vincent smiled back. \"She seems very nice.\" Felicity told Jenny. \"She really is,\" Jenny smiled and nodded. \"I used to see her a lot when I was really little, but then... She moved away, but luckily, she calls on the phone a lot, and sometimes sends presents in the mail. Oliver, what do you think of Aunt Holly?\" she then asked her kitten who was new to the family. \"I think she's fabulous!\" Oliver beamed. \"Oh, she is indeed.\" Georgette smiled. \"Aunt Holly was always popular with the animals.\" Jenny told her friends. \"I see.\" Akito chuckled. Felicity held her stomach as it growled a little. Simon put his hand on Felicity's stomach and then did the same to his own and looked up in silence. \"I'm hungry too, Simon.\" Felicity said to her little brother. \"When's the food going to be ready?\" Akito asked. \"About another hour.\" Winston said. The kids groaned slightly. \"Why don't you kids play outside?\" Atticus suggested, giving a football to Akito. \"Oh, Dad, do you think that's a good idea?\" Akito asked as he took the football. \"Maybe you could try to settle down on your strength like when I was in the football team back in Greendale.\" Atticus suggested. \"Yeah, I guess that could work.\" Akito smiled. \"You kids just have fun.\" Atticus smiled back. They soon went off to go outside. \"Speaking of football, I wonder if I should catch up with Thor?\" Atticus wondered. \"He was a pretty good guy friend.\" \"And how about Paul, Babe, and Susan?\" Mo added. \"I'll think of something,\" Atticus smiled. \"It's a holiday after all.\" \"I have to admit, it's nice to see you when you're not up to your ears in detective cases.\" Cherry said. \"Did my best friend just admit that she misses me?\" Atticus smirked. \"...No.\" Cherry stated blankly. \"I think she did.\" Forte smirked. Cherry just had an annoyed gaze on her face. Eventually, Holly and Natalie came back out, hugging each other. \"You two must be sisters.\" Cherry commented. \"We are.\" Holly and Natalie smiled. \"Can I see Jenny's pets?\" Holly smiled at Natalie. \"Of course you can,\" Natalie smiled back to her sister before looking to the other adults. \"Erm... Where did the little ones and animals go?\" \"They're outside.\" Cherry replied. Holly soon went outside to meet Jenny's pets. The backyard was pretty big, though not as big as Central Park, but it was still a nice hang-out for whenever Dodger and the gang would come over. \"Dibs on the QB!\" Akito laughed as he took the ball. \"Hey, no fair!\" Vincent laughed back to his younger brother. Oliver and Georgette soon looked over as Holly came outside. \"Aunt Holly!\" Oliver beamed. \"I knew that I wasn't imagining it.\" Holly smiled as she knelt down to Oliver. Oliver smiled back as she came up to the redheaded woman. \"Hello, Oliver.\" Holly smiled. \"Hi, Aunt Holly.\" Oliver smiled back. \"You don't have to call her that.\" Georgette told the kitten. \"It's okay, Georgette, I like being called that by anyone.\" Holly smiled. \"Yeah!\" Oliver smirked before his eyes widened. \"She can understand me?!\" \"It's thanks to Puppy Power and Kitty Power.\" Holly smiled. \"You know about Puppy and Kitty Power?\" Oliver asked. \"As a matter of fact, I do,\" Holly smiled. \"I've known my share of Pound Puppies.\" She soon showed a picture of herself as a little girl with the first Pound Puppies and Kennel Kittens when they were in the same shelter. The others oohed and awed. \"Oh, Aunt Holly, you look so pretty.\" Jenny beamed. \"Thank you, dear.\" Holly smiled to her niece. \"And it's so cool that you knew the Pound Puppies and Kennel Kittens.\" Oliver smiled at Holly. \"Of course, back in my day, we called them Pound Purries,\" Holly smiled back. \"Also, Jenny, I have a new gift for you. I'm sorry it's not from a store or anything fancy like that...\" she then brought out a book for her niece. Jenny took the book and took a look at the title. \" 'We're Back: A Dinosaur's Story' ?\" \"A man named Captain Neweyes takes in a group of dinosaurs, and he takes them to meet human children who want to see dinosaurs up close,\" Holly smiled. \"I thought it would be a fun and adventurous book for you.\" Jenny smiled as she knew that she would just love it. The seemed to sparkle in a way in her hold. Simon soon began to chase Vincent as the older boy had the football. \"The 30! The 20! Touchdown!\" Vincent laughed as he made it to the fence which was used for the touchdown. \"Hey! No fair!\" Jenny laughed. Vincent soon began to do the touchdown dance which made the others laugh. Holly chuckled a bit as that was a bit cute and funny. \"And the older Fudo wins another game!\" Vincent laughed with the others. \"Not for long.\" Jenny teased. \"Ooh, the Foxworth lady speaks high and mighty of herself.\" Vincent teased back. \"Yes, she does.\" Jenny smirked.[Chapter 2] The kids began to have fun playing football. Holly smiled as she watched them and Oliver even decided to play with them. \"Maybe now I can get some rest.\" Georgette smirked since Oliver was busy now, but she soon saw something going on with the book that Holly had gotten for Jenny. The kids continued to play until they got tired and soon ended the game for right now. \"You guys must've had a lot of fun.\" Holly smiled to her niece and her friends. \"We really did...\" Oliver panted. \"It was fun!\" \"Uh, Jenny, your book from your aunt is glowing.\" Georgette told her owner. \"Huh?\" Jenny asked before coming to the book and coming back to the others with the book. \"The book is glowing? That can't be normal.\" \"Why does that feel familiar?\" Felicity muttered to herself as she held Simon who had fallen asleep after the football game. The book began to shake while glowing as it was trying to get out of Jenny's grip so it could open. \"Whoa!\" Jenny yelped and soon dropped the book. \"What on Earth...?\" Georgette muttered to herself. The book soon opened and where it soon opened up as some magic dust made the kids and the pets float in the air. \"Sacre bleu! What is this?\" Felicity gasped. \"Looks like we're about to hit the books.\" Vincent commented, making a bad pun which made him smile sheepishly. \"I'd say it looks like we're in for another adventure.\" Akito added. They all soon yelped and ended up into the book, though the boys and girls were split up. \"But what about dinner?!\" Vincent cried out as his voice echoed before the book seemed to close once they were inside. And where they wouldn't know of where either of them would land in. The boys soon ended up in the water. \"Whoa!\" Akito yelped to the water, but luckily, he and the others could swim and float, but there seemed to be another boy in the water who they had never met before. \"Who's that?\" \"Akito, is that you?\" Vincent asked. \"Oh, Vincent, thank goodness.\" Akito replied. Simon poked his head out, spitting out water and looked to see his older cousins. \"Guys? What's happening?\" Oliver asked. \"I don't know.\" Akito said. \"Where are we?\" Scruffy wondered. \"It's New York City, you morons!\" A young voice huffed. \"Who said that?\" Akito asked. \"I did!\" A young boy said. They all turned around to see a black-haired boy in baggy looking clothes as he tried to make himself float. \"Whoa, there, little guys.\" Another voice said and it was from a T-Rex who soon helped them out with his tail. \"A T-Rex?!\" The Fudo brothers yelped. The boy gasped with them. Simon seemed to be unfazed, though curious as they were suddenly with four dinosaurs. \"Hi, my name's Dweeb.\" The parasaurolophus smiled. \"I'm Woog.\" The triceratops added. \"I'm Elsa.\" The pterodactyl smiled. \"The name's Rex,\" The T-Rex concluded. \"What's yours?\" 'This can't be happening, this can't be happening, this can't be happening.' Akito thought to himself. \"I think my name is Louie, but seeing you is giving me doubts about my brain,\" The boy replied. \"What are you guys anyway?\" \"Dinosaurs, actually.\" Elsa replied. \"But that can't be,\" Akito said. \"The only dinosaurs around are in Jurassic Park or in the movies, and we're not in a movie!\" \"This can't be happening, this can not be happening.\" Vincent panicked. \"How do ya guys think I feel?\" Louie replied. \"I mean, they do got that look about 'em... They're big!\" \"Well, you're all very small.\" Elsa commented about the young boys. \"That's because you're dinosaurs, and we're humans, a kitten, and a puppy.\" Akito told her. \"Yep!\" Scruffy barked. \"We're big enough to suit our purposes,\" Louie said to Elsa. \"What are you, a bat?\" \"I'm a pterodactyl actually.\" Elsa replied, matter-of-factly. \"She's right.\" Vincent said. \"Well, what are you?\" Dweeb asked Louie. \"I was a runaway to the circus 'til you clowns sank me!\" Louie glared. \"What about your parents?\" Akito asked. \"Ah, who needs 'em with how clingy they are?\" Louie huffed. \"Oh, typical kid, doesn't know how good he has it.\" Vincent muttered from memory of when he was kidnapped as a baby and how he just wanted to know about his parents. \"What's the circus?\" Woog wondered. \"What's the circus?\" Louie repeated with a scoff. \"It's the big top, leather-head. Show business. You guys ain't lived.\" \"Meh,\" Louie shrugged before looking to the dinosaurs. \"Where are you guys going anyway?\" \"We're going to the Museum of Natural History.\" Rex replied. \"That's perfect, there's a circus showing in Central Park,\" Louie smirked to that. \"One's right by the other. Give me a lift to the circus, take a gander, and cross right over to the museum. Showing up with a pack of dinosaurs should put me in real solid with the ringmaster. What do you say?\" \"I'm not sure I like the sound of this.\" Vincent whispered to Akito, Simon, Scruffy, and Oliver. \"Me neither.\" Oliver whispered back. \"We might as well play along and help him learn a lesson.\" Akito suggested. \"Can we do that?\" Scruffy asked. \"It couldn't hurt.\" Akito replied. \"Wait, something's missing here...\" Oliver said before asking. \"Where are the girls?\" Simon just gave a silent shrug. \"Yeah, where could they be?\" Scruffy wondered. \"I'm sure we'll find them,\" Vincent said before proclaiming like a heroic warrior. \"I have a Jenny to save!\" \"You sound just like Discord.\" Akito said. Vincent looked bashful about that. \"Well, I'm game.\" Dweeb said about the circus. \"Okay.\" Woog added. \"Certainly.\" Elsa added. \"Okay, yeah.\" Rex added. \"Well, looks like we might join the circus... I hope the girls are okay.\" Akito commented. The raft soon waded in the water as they were coming to the docks. \"Here we go.\" Vincent smiled. \"Sailing for adventure!\" Scruffy beamed. \"We're all celebrating! On the deep blue sea!\" Louie glanced over as it was strange for him to hear Scruffy and Oliver talking since they were animals, but then again, he just met a group of dinosaurs. \"So, where'd you guys come from?\" he then asked Akito, Vincent, and Simon. \"Well, it's hard to explain, but we were with our friend Jenny, and then we ended up in the water.\" Akito said. \"Hm... Today's weird.\" Louie commented. \"You have no idea.\" Vincent said. Eventually, they came up to the docks. \"Welcome to New York City.\" Louie told the others. They soon climbed onto the docks as Elsa accidentally scared away some seagulls and they looked up to the big city in front of them. 'It's like we never left.' Akito thought to himself. Rex was overcome by the sight and fell into the water. \"Rex!\" Akito, Scruffy, Oliver, and Vincent gasped for the T-Rex. \"Heeeelp!\" Rex yelped as he waded in the water. \"I can't swim!\" Akito soon jumped in to help Rex. Rex yelped while wading in the water. \"Hang on, big fella,\" Louie replied before muttering about Akito. \"Ain't no way that little guy could help-\" Akito soon grabbed a hold of Rex with his strength inherited from Atticus and soon brought him out back onto the docks. Louie simply looked jaw-dropped. \"You okay, Rex?\" Akito asked. \"Yeah... I think so...\" Rex replied. \"Man, you're an incredible kid!\" \"Thanks, I get it from my dad.\" Akito smiled. A bubble seemed to come out of Rex's nose which showed a boy who looked like Louie who looked lonesome and had wished for a friend. \"Just be careful,\" Akito smirked playfully to Rex. \"I don't wanna save ya every two minutes.\" \"Yeah.\" Louie chuckled to that. \"So, should we get going?\" Vincent asked. \"Yeah, come on.\" Louie replied. They soon went to leave, just as a woman appeared right after they left. \"Late again, I'm late for everything,\" The woman muttered as she brought out a flyer for the museum. \"Welcome to New York City!\" She then saw that what she saw weren't the dinosaurs, and pouted to herself. They soon walked off and ended up in the alleys and it looked like a busy day in the streets. \"You know, New York isn't ready for you guys,\" Louie said to the dinosaurs. \"I need a plan.\" \"We're listening.\" Vincent said. Louie looked over to a flyer on the wall and snapped his fingers with a smirk. \"Hey, you, the bat!\" \"She's a pterodactyl , kid.\" Vincent told him. \"Whatever,\" Louie replied as he came up to Elsa. \"Can ya fly?\" Elsa smirked to the boy from that question. \"Of course she can.\" Akito smiled. Louie yelped as he was suddenly taken for a ride from Elsa. \"My turn when you're done, Louie!\" Scruffy called out to the boy. \"I can help with that.\" Akito smiled at his puppy. \"Yeah!\" Scruffy beamed. \"What does he mean by that?\" Rex wondered. Akito soon began to fly with Scruffy as they followed after Louie and Elsa which shocked Dweeb, Rex, and Woog that Akito was able to fly. A woman in a building smiled as she opened the window. \"Look out for the skyscraper!\" Louie warned Elsa, but they soon flew in through the window. \"Ooh.\" Akito and Scruffy winced. They soon flew out another window. \"You're gonna get us killed!\" Louie told Elsa. \"I didn't know that humans could fly.\" Elsa told Akito as they soon caught up with each other. \"Some humans with unique abilities can.\" Akito smiled. \"This just isn't my day.\" Louie mumbled. They soon dove down which made Louie yell out as they flew all around the city, but soon came by a parade which was the annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. \"Wow, the Macy's Thanksgiving parade...\" Akito gasped. \"I didn't think I'd actually see it up close like this!\" \"Me either!\" Scruffy added. \"Where exactly would you like to go?\" Elsa asked Louie. Louie then looked around the city to see if he could find a way to get the dinosaurs to the circus without scaring the people before looking down to one of the floats which gave him an idea. \"There, right there,\" he told the female pterodactyl. \"That's our ticket uptown! Let's hang a Louie and head on back!\" Scruffy looked to Akito. \"I'm not sure what that means either, boy.\" Akito told his dog. Elsa soon flew off, passing by a building as a young girl seemed to be crying at the balcony and she was joined by three familiar girls with a dog and cat. \"There they are!\" Akito smiled. The unknown girl's hat seemed to fly off around Louie. \"Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Hit the brakes!\" Louie told Elsa. \"I gotta land a minute!\" They soon came to see the girl. \"Hello.\" Elsa smiled. The girl let out a scream as she stood with Estelle, Felicity, Jenny, Dot, and Snow White. \"Calm down, Cecilia, I'm sure it's going to be okay, though I'm not sure how a dinosaur is alive during this time.\" Jenny told the girl. \"Same here.\" Estelle said. \"Don't panic, we're good guys.\" Louie said as he soon fell to the balcony. \"Who are you and what's that?!\" Cecilia yelped about Elsa. \"Hey, Babe, I'm Louie, that there's a friend of mine, I got-\" Louie began only for the girl to run inside and shut the door. \"Well, that just happened.\" Akito said as he flew in. \"Oh, Kito, thank goodness.\" Estelle said as she hugged her twin brother. \"Are you girls okay?\" Akito asked. \"Yeah, we don't know what happened, but suddenly we ended up here and we met Cecilia.\" Felicity replied. \"That must be her name.\" Scruffy smiled about the other girl in the room. \"It is.\" Felicity replied. \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to frighten you,\" Louie said to the girl, trying to talk to her. \"Why are you crying?\" \"I am not crying!\" Cecilia replied. \"Cecilia, it isn't right to lie.\" Jenny frowned. Cecilia soon gasped as Elsa came back. \"Back off! Back off!\" Louie told the pterodactyl. \"You're fogging the glass! Come on, Big Eyes, you're killin' me.\" he then said to the girl inside of her home as she shivered. \"...It's Thanksgiving.\" Cecilia frowned. \"Where's your family?\" Akito frowned back. \"Aren't they coming?\" \"My parents are off doing other things,\" Cecilia sulked. \"You see my father's very business, and my mother's very social. They're just never around.\" \"The name's Louie, what's yours?\" Louie said to her. \"Cecilia Nuthatch.\" Cecilia said as she peeked to Elsa outside. \"It's nice to meet you, Cecilia.\" Akito said. \"Well, Nuthatch, you should have my mother,\" Louie rolled his eyes at the subject of parents. \"Slobbering kisses all over me in public ! I had to make tracks, so you know what I'm doing?\" \"No, what?\" Cecilia asked him. \"I'm running away to the circus.\" Louie replied. \"Le cirque?\" Felicity repeated. \"Yes, the circus.\" Vincent said. \"What do you say you throw this hat away, and come fly with me?\" Louie suggested as he soon gave Cecilia her hat back once he realized he was still wearing it. Cecilia looked to him and soon took out a picture of her parents on vacation, and looked all around her lonesome home which wasn't so lonesome though once she met the girls. Louie looked to her with a small chuckle and wink as she looked all around her empty home as her parents seemed to be quite neglectful of her. \"All right! I will!\" Cecilia smiled as she tossed her hat against the wind. \"Count us in!\" The other girls added. They soon went to go out and leave. \"Are the others okay too?\" Felicity asked Akito. \"They're fine, they're just with the other dinosaurs.\" Akito smiled. \" Other dinosaurs?\" Estelle asked. \"Long story, Sis, but right now, let's fly.\" Akito replied. Estelle smiled and nodded to her twin brother. They soon began to fly, and a little girl wanted a new hat for her Thanksgiving wish, and Cecilia's hat landed on her head which made her smile as her wish had come true.[Chapter 3] Meanwhile, back with the others and the dinosaurs... \"Hey, I'm getting hungry.\" Woog pouted. \"Well, stop licking the window glass.\" Vincent told the dinosaur. \"Yeah, it's not food.\" Oliver said. Dweeb immediately grabbed Woog's tail and desperately tried to pull him back into the alley. Woog was pulled back into the ally entrance, but Dweeb lost grip of Woog's tail and flew backwards, landing in trash cans. \"I hope they're okay.\" Rex said about Louie, Elsa, Akito, and Scruffy. \"I'm sure they're fine.\" Vincent smiled. \"I miss Jenny.\" Oliver pouted about his owner. \"Don't worry, I'm sure we'll see her and the girls soon.\" Vincent said. Rex looked over as a group of kids played basketball together and a man passed by, a bit grumpy as he read his newspaper. \"Hey, look! There they are!\" Dweeb pointed out. \"Ooh! They have a bunch of girls with 'em!\" Rex smiled. \"We know those girls! Well, at least some of them, except for that one.\" Vincent said while pointing to the new girl on the pterodactyl. \"I'd like you to meet our new friend: Cecilia Nuthatch.\" Louie introduced as he came off of Elsa's back. \"The name's Rex, nice to meet you.\" Rex smiled to the new girl. \"A pleasure, Rex,\" Cecilia smiled back and curtsied to him. \"Very nice to meet you.\" \"Very sophisticated.\" Vincent said. \"Quite.\" Jenny smiled. \"Oh, Jenny!\" Vincent smiled back. Jenny soon ran into him which made them both end up on the ground together, but they didn't care as they were very happy to see each other again. \"What are the rest of us, chopped liver?\" Estelle teased her older brother. \"Oh... Uh... Hey, Sis,\" Vincent replied. \"Hey, Cous.\" \"Bonjour.\" Felicity smirked with Estelle. \"Oh, don't mind us.\" Dot added as she stood with Snow White. Vincent soon stood up with Jenny and crossed his arms. \"Are they close?\" Cecilia asked Akito and Scruffy. \"You could say that.\" Akito smirked. \"I'm Dweeb! Hi!\" Dweeb smiled to the girls. \"It's nice to meet you.\" Estelle smiled back. \"A pleasure, Dweeb, very nice to meet you.\" Cecilia added. Jenny gave a small curtsy herself with a friendly smile. \"She's so well brought up.\" Elsa smiled to Cecilia's politeness. \"She sure is.\" Estelle smiled back. \"All right, break it up, enough of the pleasantries.\" Louie groused. \"These are all dinosaurs...\" Cecilia gasped to Rex, Woog, and Dweeb. \"I'm hungry... Oh! I mean, I'm Woog.\" The triceratops smiled to the girls. \"It's a pleasure to meet you.\" Jenny smiled back. \"Cecilia Nuthatch, and Jenny Foxworth, Felicity Forte, and Estelle Fudo,\" Cecilia added. \"We're very pleased to meet you, Woog. Have you been a dinosaur long?\" \"Enough of this tea party chatter,\" Louie huffed as he jumped off of the triceratops's head, but got his shirt caught in his horn before glaring at Cecilia. \"What are ya, some kind of debutante?\" \"Why, yes,\" Cecilia smiled. \"As a matter of fact, I am.\" \"That would explain her politeness.\" Akito said. \"My mother says I'm a debutante too.\" Jenny smiled. \"I can believe that.\" Vincent smiled back. Rex soon smirked behind Louie and gave a purring sound as if he wanted the young boy to hook up with Cecilia. \"REX!\" Louie complained before running across the street. \"I've figured out a way you guys can stroll uptown and not cause a riot. Come on!\" \"The parade?\" Akito guessed. \"Yeah! Come on!\" Louie replied. \"Should we go with him?\" Oliver asked. \"I think we have to.\" Scruffy nodded to him. \"Alright.\" Snow White said. They soon began to follow after Louie as the parade was going on. \"Well, I did invite you guys over to see the Thanksgiving parade.\" Jenny commented. \"And now we're going to be part of it.\" Akito smiled. They soon came to follow Louie as the Thanksgiving parade began. The four dinosaurs pretended to be apart of the float as Louie and Cecilia controlled it with their new friends. The kids were very excited to see dinosaurs up close like this, even if the adults thought they were animatronics. 'Whew, no one's getting scared.' Jenny thought to herself. \"Dinosaurs!\" The little girl who got Cecilia's hat jumped up and down out of excitement. \"Oh, Sasha, they're not dinosaurs, they're robots.\" The girl's mother replied. \"I wish I could see real dinosaurs.\" The girl then pouted to her mother. 'Why do I have a bad feeling that might interest the dinosaurs?' Felicity thought to herself. The kids began to wish that the dinosaurs were real which probably wasn't a good idea. \"Uh... Rex...?\" Akito and Estelle called to the T-Rex. Rex soon got out of control and he began to break out into a musical number to make the parade much more exciting. \"Hopefully they'll still think they're not real dinosaurs.\" Vincent whispered. \"Talking and singing dinosaurs? I'm not sure.\" Jenny whispered back. \"We can only hope.\" Vincent whispered. Rex, Elsa, Woog, and Dweeb began to sing and dance which amazed the crowd, at least, so far. \"So, Cecilia, what do you think of my friends?\" Louie asked. \"I think they're swank, first rank, top hat, right down to their tails.\" Cecilia replied. \"Uh, what she said.\" Jenny said. \"Say, what...?\" Louie asked, confused. \"And I like you too.\" Cecilia smirked to him. \"Hey! Shut up with that!\" Louie complained. \"Why are you sappy?\" \"That didn't sound sappy to me.\" Jenny said. \"Ugh.\" Louie rolled his eyes slightly, being a boy and all. \"At least they're having fun.\" Felicity commented about the dinosaurs. \"You said it.\" Estelle said. It all seemed like fun, but eventually, the fun had to stop, and it didn't seem like the best way for it to happen. \"Hi.\" Rex smiled and waved to the little girl who soon came up to him. \"Look, Mommy, those are real dinosaurs.\" The little girl smiled back to him, excited as she hugged the T-Rex. 'And cue the panicked crowd.' Akito thought to himself. The little girl's mother and the crowd soon began to panic once they realized that Rex, Elsa, Woog, and Dweeb were real dinosaurs. \"Guys, I think things just took a turn for the worst!\" Louie commented. \"And I suggest that we run!\" Vincent told them. \"Guys?!\" Cecilia yelped. \"Quick! Split up!\" Louie told the dinosaurs as he tried to pass the fleeing crowd. \"We'll meet you at the circus in Central Park!\" \"Yeah!\" Akito added. \"Central Park... But where is Central Park?\" Rex wondered. The people screamed and ran away before there was a poster shown of a creepy looking man named Professor Screweyes. Scruffy began to growl at the poster. \"Professor Screweyes' Eccentric Circus...?\" Rex read aloud before his eyes widened. \"Professor Screweyes?! That's the bad guy!\" The other dinosaurs freaked out to that. \"Now appearing in Central Park?!\" Rex continued. \"The kids! They're in danger! We gotta save 'em!\" \"We have to hurry!\" Dot yelped. \"I'm not gonna let that man take Akito away or whatever he has planned.\" Scruffy growled protectively. \"Same here.\" Snow White said. Before they could go anywhere, they were suddenly surrounded by the police. \"You there, you're under arrest!\" A cop glared. \"Put your claws up!\" \"Get out of our way!\" Scruffy barked. The dinosaurs soon screamed and ran away. Scruffy, Dot, Snow White, and Oliver sweat-dropped to that, but they soon decided to follow the dinosaurs since the policemen started to freak out from the dinosaur ambush. \"Oi.\" Scruffy sighed. \"Pretty sure this is illegal.\" Oliver commented. \"We'll be fine.\" Snow White assured him. They soon went to keep running off from the authorities so that they could also find the kids to protect them from Professor Screweyes. \"So, uh, who is this Professor Screweyes?\" Dot asked the dinosaurs. \"Captain Neweyes's brother, Neweyes is the man who gave us the ability to talk and brought us here to make the wishes of poor children come true.\" Elsa informed. \"Neweyes sounds like a nice guy.\" Scruffy smiled. \"He's the good guy after all.\" Elsa smiled back to that. \"True.\" Dot also smiled. \"We just gotta help Louie, Cecilia, and the others away from Professor Screweyes.\" Woog told the cats and dogs. \"I agree.\" Scruffy nodded. \"Come with us.\" Woog replied. \"Sure thing, buddy.\" Scruffy nodded again. \"I hope they're alright.\" Dot said. They soon left down the alley as Rex ended up against a car which broadcast an interview on The Larry King Show. Woog and Dweeb themselves had ended up on a motorcycle. \"This is interesting.\" Dot said. \"I'm not sure where we're going, but we gotta find the kids,\" Oliver said to himself. \"Especially Jenny.\" Georgette soon rushed over, feeling a bit scared. \"Georgette, where'd you come from?\" Oliver asked. \"I-I'm not sure!\" Georgette replied. \"I was trying to find someone I knew, and I ended up in this filthy alley!\" \"Whoa.\" Oliver said. \"I swear, some adventures are so rude!\" Georgette huffed, a bit snobbishly. Oliver rolled his eyes slightly to that. The dinosaurs soon passed various humans as the pets began to follow them. Oliver felt anxious as this reminded him of his first time in the city all by himself with his brothers and sisters adopted to new homes while he was left behind in the rain, but eventually, he got to meet Dodger and the gang. Meanwhile, the kids seemed to be passing a dark and spooky forest within Central Park. \"The map on the fliers said that this was the nearest entrance to the circus. Come on.\" Louie told the others. \"Then why is it spooky?\" Estelle asked. \"This is more like The Black Forest from back home than Central Park if you ask moi.\" Felicity added. \"Hey, guys, look,\" Louie pointed out a sign that he had found. \"'Professor Screweyes Eccentric Circus'. This must be the right way. Come on.\" Vincent soon took Jenny's hand to soothe her as they traveled through Central Park together to get to the circus with Louie and Cecilia. \"I have a bad feeling about this.\" Estelle said. They kept going as it seemed to get creepier and creepier by the minute. \"You know, Louie...\" Cecilia said. \"Yeah?\" Louie replied. \"I really hate to say this.\" Cecilia continued. \"Then don't.\" Louie told her. 'Rude, much?' Akito thought to himself. \"What is the vexation, Cecilia?\" Felicity asked. \"Vex... What...?\" Louie glanced at her. \"Vexation... It means trouble.\" Felicity replied. \"It's getting dark,\" Cecilia explained. \"I think maybe we should go back.\" \"Yeah, let's.\" Akito said. \"I don't know... Maybe you're right...\" Louie soon said. Suddenly, lights popped up around them. \"Wait a minute, there it is!\" Louie then said. \"I'm still having that bad feeling.\" Estelle said. \"Come on, we're almost there, what could go wrong now?\" Louie smirked. They soon walked along, though the others felt unsure about this until they bumped into some thugs. \"What are you looking at?\" One thug glared at them. \"I didn't mean to, I-\" Cecilia shivered fearfully. \"Hey, she's looking at wherever she wants to, chump!\" Louie glared. 'He sure has some spunk.' Vincent thought to himself. \"Says who?\" The female thug huffed. \"I do!\" Louie replied. \"Wanna make something of it?\" \"You wanna go, guys?\" Akito glared, coming toward the female thug. \"I'll go right up your nose!\" \"Whoa! You wouldn't hurt a woman?\" Cecilia said to him. Akito paused and looked back, a bit dumbstruck. \"That's a woman?\" \"Why do I suddenly feel a sense of deja vu from that?\" Vincent asked. \"Mm-mm...\" Akito shrugged, though it did sound a bit familiar now that he thought about it. \"You jerks don't scare me,\" Louie glared to the thugs. \"Back off or I'll feed you a knuckle sandwich.\" \"And trust me, you don't wanna mess with him.\" Vincent said. The thugs soon snorted and walked off which made Akito nod firmly. \"Oh, Louie~\" Cecilia smiled. \"You're very brave.\" \"Yeah... Well, get off it,\" Louie replied. \"Come on, guys.\" \"Alright.\" Felicity said. They soon came into a circus tent. \"Eek! Le Pitre!\" Felicity yelped. \"What?\" Louie asked. \"Oh, it's a clown.\" Estelle said once she took a look. \"Does she have a fear of clowns?\" Louie asked. \"Just a smidge,\" Akito replied. \"Don't worry, Flick, he won't hurt you as long as we're around.\" \"Merci.\" Felicity whispered, thankful to have her cousins there. The clown soon began to lift weights and acted silly which eventually made the kids laugh out of entertainment. \"WHO LAUGHED?!\" A voice demanded. \"Who said that?\" Vincent asked. A creepy old man soon came out who seemed infuriated with their laughter. \"Yikes! Who's the old man?\" Vincent asked. \"You missed the show, kids,\" The old man said as he left with the clown. \"Come back tomorrow.\" \"So was that your audience we past coming here?\" Cecilia asked. \"Probably.\" The man replied. \"Spooky bunch.\" Louie commented. \"You said it.\" Jenny said. \"I appeal to a particular group,\" The man replied. \"What do you want?\" \"Well, we ran away from home, see-\" Louie began. \"I see,\" The man nodded as he looked like he was about to smoke, holding out his match with a smirk until Cecilia blew out the flame. \"You ran away to the circus.\" \"That's right,\" Louie nodded. \"You got it.\" \"Well, you ran away to the wrong circus, kid,\" The man replied before walking off. \"BUZZ OFF!\" \"Of course, sir; we'll leave right away.\" Jenny smiled nervously. \"She's right, Louie, I think we should go.\" Cecilia agreed. Louie didn't seem to want to go as the man began to walk off as crows were watching them. \"Take your girlfriend's advice, Sport,\" The man advised, but soon smirked as he brought out a blank sheet of paper. \"Well, there is a standard contract.\" \"He's luring us in.\" Vincent whispered to the others. \"But, there's nothing written on it.\" Cecilia said about the contract. \"I try to keep things simple, want to sign?\" The man smirked as he brought out a sharp needle. \"Vincent, I'm scared.\" Jenny whispered back. \"Before we sign anything, we need to know what the contract says, which by any chance, are the words in invisible ink?\" Vincent asked the man. \"Once the contract is signed, it will become clear.\" The man smirked, though Vincent made a smart move in asking about it before signing anything. \"Not until you've shown us what the contract says.\" Vincent glared. \"Oh, nothing bad, you'll just be apart of the circus, but as long as one of you signs.\" The man smirked as he held out his sharp needle. \"And the sharp needle is for...?\" Estelle asked. \"Your signature...\" The man smirked before jabbing Louie with the needle. Louie yelped as that pricked his finger, drawing out some blood. \"Press it to the contract.\" The man smirked to Louie. \"I have a bad feeling about this.\" Estelle said. \"You're not the only one.\" Akito agreed with his twin sister. The text soon appeared after the blood sample was onto the paper. \"Well, kids, welcome to Professor Screweyes Eccentric Circus,\" The man grinned. \"Welcome aboard.\" Akito soon took the contract once the text showed. \"Bring me that back!\" Professor Screweyes demanded. \"I knew it!\" Akito glared. \"You were gonna keep us here forever!\" \"Well, you won't!\" Estelle added. \"I'm sorry, but a contract is a contract.\" Professor Screweyes replied, a bit wickedly. \"But there has to be a loophole a way to get out of the contract.\" Estelle said. \"You kids are in for a surprise now.\" Professor Screweyes smirked, taking the contract from them. \"Hey!\" Akito and Estelle cried out. They soon heard familiar dinosaur voices along with some cats and dogs. \"Who's here?!\" Professor Screweyes glared to that. \"Sounds like our dinosaur friends as well as our pets.\" Akito smiled.[Chapter 4] \"It's him!\" Rex gasped once they had come and he saw the adult man. \"Professor Screweyes!\" \"Guys, get away from that man!\" Dweeb told the kids. \"And hurry!\" Dot added. \"Hey, chill out, we just joined his circus.\" Louie said. \"But that's Professor Screweyes,\" Rex replied. \"We were warned about him.\" \"Warned?\" Professor Screweyes glared. \"By whom?\" \"Your brother.\" Rex clarified. \"Let me guess, that guy is evil, right?\" Akito guessed. \"Captain Neweyes warned us about him.\" Rex nodded. \"So that's you got here and why you can talk,\" Professor Screweyes replied. \"He's fed you that brain grain stuff and he warned you about me, eh? Let him look to his own affairs. Did he show you that hokey wish radio of his?\" \"Yes, we heard what people are wishing for.\" Dweeb defended. \"But I'm guessing you have something similar to his wish radio that's the exact opposite.\" Scruffy guessed. \"Why don't I show you?\" Professor Screweyes suggested. \"Nope, no way, nada. We don't want anything to do with you,\" Rex replied. \"Come on, kids. Come to the museum with us, the Museum of Natural History.\" The kids were then about to follow the dinosaurs, cats, and dogs. \"They're not going anywhere,\" Professor Screweyes replied. \"They are under contract to me for a very long time.\" \"As in forever.\" Akito frowned. Rex gulped to that, and looked over as Cecilia began to cry. \"But these were the first children we met.\" Elsa smiled as she hugged Cecilia. \"We like them!\" Rex added with a pout. \"What are you gonna do to us?\" Estelle frowned at the evil man. \"Oh, you're going to have some 'fun' in this circus, and you will soon learn your new lives.\" Professor Screweyes smirked darkly. \"I have a bad feeling I won't like it.\" Felicity frowned. Cecilia kept crying which made the others frown to her in concern. \"Hey, come on... It's gonna be alright.\" Louie said to her. \"Oh, I don't think so,\" Professor Screweyes smirked. \"Unless we can work something out with your friends here.\" \"I have a bad feeling about that.\" Dot frowned. \"This is a time of loud wishes, yes, but even louder fears,\" Professor Screweyes smirked as he revealed the radio behind him. \"This is a fright radio. It picks up what people are scared to death of.\" \"And this is where you get your ideas from?\" Dot asked. \"Oh, yes,\" Professor Screweyes replied. \"You see, I find out what they're frightened of on this radio, and that's what I try to give them with my circus. It's a public service, but this is the station that comes in the loudest of all.\" He then set a dial from nervous onto paranoid. The dinosaurs looked a bit scared of this so far. \"And what station might that be?\" Estelle asked. \"Feast your eyes!\" Professor Screweyes grinned darkly. Smoke gushed out from the top of the radio, and there seemed to be images of frightened children as they were screaming about monsters. \"You see what they're most afraid of?!\" Professor Screweyes laughed darkly. \"No...?\" Woog replied. \"Not really.\" Oliver said. \"MONSTERS!\" Professor Screweyes snapped. \"Monsters?\" Rex repeated. \" You !\" Professor Screweyes grinned darkly to the dinosaurs. \"They're dinosaurs, not monsters!\" Scruffy told him. \"Not without a little help!\" Professor Screweyes smirked as he brought something out. \"W-What's that?\" Cecilia asked. \"It's Brain Drain: the remedy to my brother's goody two-shoes breakfast cereal,\" Professor Screweyes replied. \"It'll take you back. It'll make you monsters.\" \"So basically it'll turn them back into how they used to behave in prehistoric times.\" Dot said. \"You're smart for a dog.\" Professor Screweyes smirked. Scruffy began to growl at the evil man. \"But we don't want to be monsters.\" Woog frowned. \"No!\" Dweeb shook his head. \"We're not taking anything,\" Rex added as he stood up for his friends. \"You can forget it.\" \"That's right, and there's nothing you can do to make them to be monsters.\" Georgette smirked. \"All right, you're free, I can't stop you,\" Professor Screweyes then said. \"But the kids are mine.\" Something then seemed to come out of his eye which showed something magical and mystical. \"What are you doing?\" Louie asked before panicking. \"Don't look, Cecilia!\" \"Everyone, cover your eyes!\" Vincent panicked. Everyone else did that while Louie tried to keep Cecilia from looking, but he seemed entranced by the light as well. \"Pretty light...\" Snow White and Oliver whispered as they sat together, looking hypnotized. Scruffy and Dot soon covered the cats' eyes while having their eyes closed. \"Among my many other rights under this contract, including copyrights on all their ideas, I've got an exclusive option on their willpower,\" Professor Screweyes said, giving Brain Drain pills to Louie and Cecilia. \"Now this is just a temporary dose, by way of demonstration.\" The dinosaurs soon panicked to the kids as they were given the pills and began to change dramatically. \"Oh, my...\" Dot frowned. The crows laughed as Louie and Cecilia had been turned into monkeys. \"Change them back, or I'll-!\" Rex glared at Professor Screweyes. \"Or you'll what?\" Professor Screweyes replied before taking a banana out of his vest pocket for the kids. \"You're too enlightened by my brother's brain grain. You've lost your savagery. You've lost your frightening prehistoric power to intimidate. You're civilized now and we've got a contract and you're gonna respect that like the chumps that you are, but I'll tell you what I'd be willing to do; you all agree to take The Brain Drain, and I'll rip up this contract and set the kids free.\" The pets and dinosaurs could see that they didn't have a choice as the contract was the answer to free the kids. \"I'll take it.\" Rex sighed in defeat. \"And I'll take it, you loathsome creature!\" Elsa angrily pouted. \"I'll do it.\" Dweeb frowned as a tear rolled down his cheek. \"Me too.\" Woog added. \"Just remember to keep your promise to tear that contract.\" Scruffy told the evil man. \"We shall see,\" Professor Screweyes replied before looking to the dinosaurs. \"Now you come with me. You're going to have to be kept in cages and chains because you're gonna be wild again.\" Dot frowned that their new friends would go back to being wild. Louie and Cecilia soon tired themselves out and began to fall asleep. Rex frowned as he came to the kids and tried to comfort them as they were monkeys right now. \"Don't be scared, you'll be alright. It's no more than a bad dream.\" he then gently told them as he comforted them before he had to go with the other dinosaurs. The pets frowned as they thought that would be the last time they would see their dinosaur friends. Simon looked to Louie and Cecilia and looked back. \"I'm sorry, Simon, I'm not sure if there's any way to turn them back to normal without Professor Screweyes.\" Felicity told her little brother. Louie and Cecilia were soon turning back to normal. \"That worked... Somehow.\" Felicity commented. \"It must've been the power of love from Rex.\" Akito guessed. \"Of course.\" Estelle smiled. \"Come on, you!\" Professor Screweyes snapped to Rex. \"We were friends for a minute, Louie...\" Rex whispered softly as he gently patted Louie as he went to leave. Scruffy frowned as he couldn't believe this was happening. Akito hugged his dog as he felt exactly the same way. \"Rex...?\" Louie murmured in his sleep. \"Remember me.\" Rex whispered as he soon walked off to join his fellow dinosaurs. Estelle frowned as she knew this was hard for the dinosaurs. Eventually, some time had passed, and the kids had fallen asleep with their animals as they joined Louie and Cecilia, though some of them cried themselves to sleep because of what the dinosaurs had to do.[Chapter 5] The next day soon came. It seemed to be a peaceful morning as everyone was still asleep so far. Cecilia yawned and stretched as she woke up first, and decided to try and wake up Louie, but he seemed to be a challenge. Dot soon came to Louie and barked in his ear. Louie yelped and looked around as that startled him and woke him up. \"Good morning, Louie.\" Cecilia giggled to that. \"I knew that would work.\" Dot smirked as she walked up to the others ready to wake them up next. \"Oliver...?\" Jenny muttered wearily before smiling and hugging her cat. \"Oh, Oliver.\" \"I'm so glad you're awake.\" Oliver smiled back as he nuzzled up to her. Before Dot could bark at the other's ears, they each woke up. \"Good morning.\" A voice greeted, coming inside the tent. \"You guys, it's that funny clown.\" Cecilia smiled once she saw who it was. \"Bonjour.\" Felicity smiled to the clown. \"I brought you breakfast,\" The clown smiled to them. \"Pancakes okay?\" The others agreed and beamed as they loved the sound of that already. \"So, you thought I was funny, huh?\" The clown smiled as he sat down with them, giving them some breakfast. \"You sure were.\" Akito smiled back. \"Yeah, but why are you part of this circus if that horrible man only wants scary?\" Estelle frowned. \"Well, you know, the show has gotten pretty weird and scary in a way,\" The clown replied as he picked up a fish bowl while walking away from them at first. \"I like comedy myself, but the professor promises me that if I can come up with a bit that makes him laugh, he'll put in the show. I just ain't been able to bring it off yet, that's all.\" \"I think only hearing people scream out of terror is his only amusement.\" Vincent said. \"I think you might be right about that.\" The clown replied as the fish soon flew out of his hat and landed back in the fish bowl. \"What's your name?\" Louie asked. \"Stubbs the Clown: formerly of the legitimate circus. How you doing?\" The clown replied, holding out his hand. Felicity soon shook his hand. \"Felicity Precious Chantal Forte,\" The young vampire smiled as she gave her full name. \"Pleased to meet you, Monsieur Stubbs.\" \"Same at ya,\" Stubbs replied. \"Hey, you wanna see a bit?\" \"Um... Sure.\" Felicity smiled politely. \"Might be fun to watch.\" Estelle said. \"Watch this, watch this, watch this,\" Stubbs smiled as he got ready. \"This is just...\" \"Kinda reminds me of Mr. Fagin.\" Jenny commented. 'This is going to be funny.' Vincent thought to himself. Stubbs then came out with a lion mane on his head and he held a hoop like a lion tamer. He then cracked the whip in his other hand before jumping through the hoop, and took out a match to set the hoop on fire. He then stepped back before jumping through the flaming hoop, and bowed his head down, until his bottom caught on fire which made him yelp and panic until he sat in a bucket of water, then saw his shoe was on fire and put the fire out with a water seltzer. The fish seemed to roll its eyes from inside the fish bowl. Of course, Vincent was right. The kids seemed to enjoy the act, except for maybe Simon who showed no other expression than gloominess. \"So, you thought that was funny?\" Stubbs asked them. \"It was okay?\" \"Yeah, of course it was funny!\" Louie replied. \"Yeah.\" Akito smiled. \"I showed it to the Prof, he didn't laugh.\" Stubbs frowned. \"Well, then he needs his funny bone checked.\" Vincent said. \"You don't get it, do you?\" Louie added. \"That guy's crazy.\" \"No not really crazy, he's just a little bit, off in his-\" Stubbs replied, but then decided to change the subject as he came towards the kids and their pets. \"Look after breakfast, he told me you gotta get out of here.\" \"What about our dinosaur friends?\" Estelle asked. \"Your, uh, who?\" Stubbs stammered. \"You know, the dinosaurs.\" Cecilia replied. \"Forget them.\" Stubbs muttered slightly, but it was clear what he said. \"What? Of course we're not going to forget them.\" Akito told him. \"What about the contracts?\" Felicity soon asked. \"He tore them up.\" Stubbs replied. \"What?\" Jenny asked. \"Why would he do that?\" \"I'm sorry, but you ought to forget about all of this and go on with your merry lives.\" Stubbs told them. \"Where are they, Stubbs?\" Akito demanded, though not fully angry with the clown. \"All right... I'll show ya, but you're not gonna like it though.\" Stubbs replied. \"How bad could it be?\" Vincent asked. Stubbs sighed as he walked along. \"Come with me.\" The pets sighed as they had a feeling what they would find would be scary. They soon followed the clown to see what he was talking about. They came to the dark part of the circus, entering a tent as a crow cawed and flew by. Dot felt a shiver down her spine as that crow cawed and flew by. \"Sure is dark in here...\" Felicity commented, though she didn't have a problem with that. They soon heard and saw their dinosaur friends, but they sounded violent and aggressive, and where this shocked the kids. \"W-What's happened to them, Mr. Stubbs?!\" Cecilia gasped breathlessly. \"The professor gave them some stuff that sent them off the deep end,\" Stubbs replied. \"That's why he tore up your contracts. That was a deal they made.\" \"He had them each eat a Brain Drain which have turned them back to being savage.\" Scruffy frowned. \"So, they're this way 'cuz of us.\" Louie added with a frown back. \"I guess so. He's featuring them in the show tonight,\" Stubbs said as he began to leave. \"All the usual weirdos will show up, I'm sure.\" \"Isn't there someway we can turn them back to friendly?\" Jenny asked. \"I'm sorry, but I must go.\" Stubbs said as he walked away from them. \"Stubbs, you gotta get us in that show.\" Louie told the clown, stopping him. \"I can't do that.\" Stubbs replied. \"Don't you see? They did this for us,\" Louie told him as he grabbed him. \"This guy's crazy, Stubbs. He's never gonna laugh at your jokes.\" \"He's right,\" Akito added. \"Please you have to get us in that show.\" Stubbs soon gave in. \"All right, I'll get you in, but not 'cuz of what you said. 'Cuz of her and you, all of you,\" he then told them as he looked at all of the kids and their pets. \"When you laughed. Come on, I gotta get ready for the show. \" \"You got it.\" Akito said. Dot whimpered. \"Oh, it's okay, girl.\" Estelle soothed her pet dog. \"I hope we can turn them back to friendly in the end.\" Dot frowned. \"I'm sure we will,\" Estelle said. \"Somehow.\" Stubbs soon came out to give the kids some costumes so that no one would recognize them. The costumes looked scary enough to scare the people that would come for the show. \"Showtime.\" One actor said to the other as they invited people into the circus. People soon came in and looked around until yelping as the kids came out, looking scary as the dinosaurs did to make them come inside. 'We're doing pretty good.' Akito thought to himself. \"I think Simon is getting into this a little too much.\" Felicity whispered to her cousins. \"Try not to worry about it too much, Flick,\" Akito replied. \"Think of it as... Um... Acting!\" \"Yeah.\" Estelle smiled. \"I guess I can do that...\" Felicity said as she licked her baby fangs a little. \"Um, boo?\" Cecilia frowned as she wasn't really convincing. \"Boo? Is that the best you can do?\" Louie asked her. \"They're easy enough to scare.\" \"Just try scaring them a little more than just saying 'boo'.\" Estelle said. Louie soon scared a man, acting like an evil version of Donkey Kong since he was an ape. \"But guys, I don't want to scare anybody.\" Cecilia frowned. \"Just for tonight.\" Vincent said. \"Do you wanna get busted?\" Louie added. \"All right... I'll try...\" Cecilia said, though she was sure this would be hard for her. She then yelled out to a passing woman. The woman then screamed and ran off, away from her out of fear. \"I don't understand these people.\" Cecilia commented. \"Trust us, we don't either.\" Felicity told her. \"You see? That's why they come, to get scared,\" Stubbs told the kids. \"It's as simple as that.\" \"If you say so.\" Jenny rolled her midnight blue eyes as she didn't feel too sure about that. \"Some people confuse me.\" Felicity said. There was then music heard which got the clown's attention right away. \"Oh, the show's starting up,\" Stubbs told the kids. \"We better get to our places. We're in the opening bit.\" \"Alright.\" Estelle said. They soon followed the clown as they began to get ready for the show. A spotlight shined down as the creepy evil man was coming out of his top hat to make an entrance. \"Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the most terrifying show on the planet earth; PROFESSOR SCREWEYES ECCENTRIC CIRCUS! WE WILL SCARE YOU! WE WILL FRIGHTEN YOU! We will shock you witless with our dreadful, terrifying, vile, MONSTROUS PROGRAM! Ladies and gentlemen, without further ado, we give you the infernal grand demon parade.\" A giant gorilla who seemed to be angry and snarled at the kids, glared as he seemed to be chained up in a cage with some weights beside him. \"I'm not sure how or why, but this gorilla seems familiar.\" Vincent commented to himself. \"Why does that gorilla seem familiar?\" Akito added in agreement with his older brother. \"That's just what I was thinking.\" Vincent agreed. The gorilla soon looked right at them which made the kids nervous at first, but he seemed to reach out for them as he seemed to know them somehow. \"You think I got time for a spell?\" Akito asked his older brother. Vincent nodded to his younger brother as now seemed like a good time. \"'As you are a wild animal in a blur, Show us who you really are under those claws and fur'.\" Akito recited a spell to change the gorilla into a human. The spell then zapped the gorilla and he turned into a certain warlock. \"DRELL!\" The kids gasped in surprise. \"Kids, quick, help me out!\" Drell told them. Akito soon grabbed a hold of the bars and began to bend them back. \"How'd you get here?\" he then asked the warlock. \"For the life of me, I can't figure out,\" Drell replied. \"One minute I was with Hilda and we were having Chinese food for dinner, and the next thing I knew, I ended up in this world, and I saw this crazy old guy, and... Suddenly I was a giant monkey.\" \"Dr. Screweyes turned you into a giant gorilla?\" Estelle asked out of shock. \"I guess so,\" Drell replied. \"I'm glad to see you kids. Oh, Akito, lift with your knees, not your back.\" he then advised. \"Sure thing!\" Akito nodded as he helped the warlock out of his cage. \"Whew!\" Drell sighed. \"Thanks.\" \"Come on out.\" Akito smiled. \"I won't forget this,\" Drell replied as he came out. \"I'm not sure how I got here or how you guys got here either, but either way, you have to stop that madman and save your dinosaur friends.\" \"We sure will.\" Estelle told him. \"Do you know how to get them back to normal, sir?\" Jenny asked. \"As cheesy as this sounds, you must use...\" Drell replied before pointing dramatically. \"The power of love and friendship!\" \"And which means one of us might need to get emotional.\" Vincent said as he looked at Louie. The others also looked to Louie in response to that. \"Ah, the kid who ran away from home because of his embarrassing parents.\" Drell commented. \"How do you know that's the reason why he ran away?\" Felicity asked. \"Don't you know anything?\" Drell replied. \"I know everything.\" \"Except for how you got here?\" Akito smirked. Drell gave him a deadpan gaze. \"Anyway, we better find them.\" Jenny said. \"I'm sure you won't have to look far,\" Drell said. \"Thank you again for helping me. In exchange, I can grant you one wish.\" \"Ooh.\" The kids smiled. \"Run along now.\" Drell told them. The kids smiled to him and soon walked off so that they could help Rex, Elsa, Woog, and Dweeb out with Louie and Cecilia. But unfortunately, they would find their dinosaur friends out doing their act. \"Oh, no.\" Felicity frowned to the display. The audience screamed and panicked once they saw the dinosaurs since they were real and not robots, and where even Louie was afraid to see their dinosaur friends acting savage. \"This is a bit scary...\" Felicity shivered. Simon looked to his older sister and soon glared as he stalked towards the dinosaurs, bringing out a pocket knife. Felicity saw what Simon was about to do and panicked. She then picked up her little brother to stop him. Simon glared at her for ruining his little moment. \"And now, will attempt the impossible,\" Professor Screweyes told his audience. \"I will attempt to master the most fearsome of all the dinosaur clan, the ultimate set of teeth in the history of the world; the mighty Tyrannosaurus Rex.\" 'Oh, this can't end well.' Vincent thought to himself. \"Look into my eye, you bloodthirsty thing.\" Professor Screweyes told Rex. \"My aunt could've given us The Good Dinosaur.\" Jenny frowned. \"Boring!\" Drell rolled his eyes. \"What do you think is going to happen next?\" Scruffy asked. Jenny soon hugged Vincent suddenly. Vincent blushed and looked down to Jenny as she had tears in her eyes out of fear. \"I hope not the worst case scenario.\" Akito gulped to his pet dog. Professor Screweyes continued to order around Rex while the audience felt terrified about what they were watching like they were at a horror show. \"There's no way Rex will follow his command.\" Dot said. \"I hope he doesn't, Sis.\" Scruffy replied. \"So you see, the creature that scares you all does what I say,\" Professor Screweyes told the audience. \"I AM THE MASTER OF FEAR AND I AM NOT AFRAID!\" A crow soon flew towards a button for the flares and pushed it with its beak. Rex snarled to that as Professor Screweyes didn't expect that. \"Oops.\" Drell said, though clearly didn't mean it. \"Did that crow mean to do that?\" Estelle asked. \"Maybe?\" Drell smirked, not-so innocently. Rex soon snarled and stomped towards Professor Screweyes, grabbing him and looked like he was going to eat him. \"The Professor!\" Stubbs gasped. \"He's gonna kill the professor!\" Louie knew that now was the time to show his emotions to Rex. \"Go... Go! Move!\" Drell whispered loudly, almost shoving Louie. \"What are you, crazy?! He'll be pulverized!\" Stubbs panicked for the boy. \"REX! NO! DON'T DO IT!\" Louie cried out as he ran to the T-rex. \"Trust me, he has to do this.\" Drell told the clown. \"Who are you?\" Stubbs asked.' \"Your mother.\" Drell deadpanned. \"I'm telling you. I know you can't understand me, but you gotta. \" Louie begged Rex as the dinosaur snarled. \"Keep going.\" Drell said. \"That's easy for you to say...?\" Felicity whispered nervously. \"Oh, please, don't let bad happen!\" Cecilia begged. \"You don't want to be like him. Don't ruin everything 'cuz you're mad or scared of something,\" Louie kept trying to talk to Rex. \"It can't be all about that, or what's life for? I know I act like I'm the original tough guy, but that's 'cuz I'm scared, too.\" 'He's really letting it out.' Akito thought to himself. Professor Screweyes looked scared himself as he was scared to die. \"Let no bad happen!\" Cecilia cried out. \"But you, you are the original tough guy. Rex, you've got nothing to prove. You're a giant,\" Louie begged as he came up to the dinosaur before hugging him as he felt fear and sadness. \"Don't be a midget bully boy for these yahoos. Put him down, Rex. Rex. That means king. Be a king, Rex. Put the guy down. Don't be a stiff. Don't be just another slob spoiling the way the world could be. Please, please! Put him down. Please.\" Drell smiled as he knew that Rex would do it. \"Drell?!\" The kids shivered. \"Shh... Trust me, this is going to be all right,\" Drell replied. \"My magic won't be able to do anything anyway, so just let nature take its course.\" The kids weren't sure about that, but they took his word for it. Rex soon looked like he was turning back to normal, the friendly way, not the savage way, and soon woke up as he snapped out of it, and set down Professor Screweyes. \"Way to go, Rex!\" Louie beamed to the dinosaur. \"Time to share the power of friendship with the other dinosaurs.\" Estelle said. \"I blame the Care Bears for this one.\" Drell mumbled under his breath. The audience soon beamed cheered as Louie and Rex became friends again. \"Wow!\" Louie smiled as everyone was cheering for him. Akito smiled as he and the others were happy to see this. Cecilia and Louie shared a hug together and soon hugged the other dinosaurs, transforming them as well.[Chapter 6] A bright light shined from atop of the circus tent, and a pair of scissors came out to cut a hole in the tent, and there seemed to be a ship in the sky. \"What is that?\" Vincent asked. \"Looks like a flying ship.\" Jenny commented. \"Yeah...\" Oliver and Snow White agreed. \"Okay, men, fire when ready!\" A tiny green alien called out before there were sparks in the air. \"Incoming!\" The sparks then began to set the dinosaurs free. \"Was that a tiny green alien?\" Estelle asked. \"That would be our friend, Vorb.\" Rex replied. There were then fireworks as things were wrapping up nicely and an identical old man soon came out of the ship in front of Professor Screweyes. \"Brother.\" \"I should've known you were behind this.\" Professor Screweyes replied to him. \"You mean the his entrance?\" Drell smirked. \"Quiet, you.\" Professor Neweyes glared at him. \"You'd already lost by the time I'd arrived,\" Captain Neweyes told his brother before coming to Cecilia with a smile. \"This boy had beaten you. I heard your wish on my wish radio. Very good. Let no bad happen. Couldn't agree more.\" Estelle was happy that Cecilia had made that wish. \"Louie?\" Rex called. \"Y-You alright, Rex...?\" Louie asked him. \"Did I do anything... Bad...?\" Rex replied. \"No,\" Louie smiled. \"You were great.\" \"Yeah,\" Akito added. \"Really great.\" \"You were great too, Louie.\" Cecilia smiled and soon kissed the black-haired boy right on his lips. \"Blah!\" Louie grunted out of disgust. \"Don't do that!\" \"Oh, great, here comes the tough guy act.\" Vincent rolled his eyes playfully. \"Why not?\" Cecilia grinned to Louie. \"It's embarrassing!\" Louie glared at her. \"You kissing me, and everything! It's just, unmanly! That's what it is!\" \"You know? You're right.\" Cecilia smirked. \"I am?\" Louie replied. \"Yes, if anybody's kissing anybody, it should be you kissing me .\" Cecilia smirked. \"She's right.\" Estelle added. \"I should?\" Louie asked bashfully. \"Most definitely!\" Cecilia smiled. Louie glared to her and soon puckered his lips until he got a kiss from her, and he seemed to enjoy it. \"It's almost like how when we first met.\" Vincent told Jenny. \"Yes, but you were much more charming and endearing.\" Jenny smiled to him. \"Young love.\" Drell smiled. \"Make you think of you and Hilda?\" Akito asked. \"Ah, yes, I remember the first time I met Hilda...\" Drell smiled as he thought about his early childhood which seemed to be during the Middle Ages back when young King Arthur was known as Wart and he seemed to be good friends with Patrick, Akito, Estelle, and Vincent's paternal grandfather. \"Can we get out of here now?\" Felicity asked. \"I'll take you all back... But you still haven't made your wish for freeing me.\" Drell said. Jenny looked to Cecilia as the other girl's parents seemed to be more neglectful than her own about going away, but hers would be at work while Cecilia's parents seemed to vacation without her, not even leaving her a babysitter or nanny. \"I wish that Cecilia's parents had more time for her.\" she then said. \"What a sweet little rich girl.\" Drell smiled about Jenny's wish before doing something to help make it come true. Jenny was happy to know that Drell was going to grant that wish. \"Let's get you kids back home in time for Thanksgiving dinner.\" Drell told the kids. \"Yes, sir.\" The group smiled. \"Come 'ere~...\" Drell told them. The kids then grabbed onto him with their animals, and he soon used his magic to take them back to Jenny's house where they were before this all started. Louie, Cecilia, and the dinosaurs waved as this seemed like goodbye. The group waved back. Louie and Cecilia became a couple and made up with their parents as they lived happily ever after themselves. In the Foxworth backyard, the kids and their pets soon reappeared. \"We're home!\" Jenny beamed. \"Wahoo!\" The others cheered. They soon came in the house as it smelled very good from the cooking. Winston began to set the table and arrange Thanksgiving dinner for everyone as it was time to finally eat. Once it was time for Thanksgiving dinner, everyone came to the dinner table. \"Finally!\" Akito gasped about dinner. \"You kids sound like you've been waiting so long for this dinner.\" Mo chuckled to the hungry kids. \"You have no idea.\" The kids smiled. But of course, as it was Thanksgiving, before dinner, they had a quick prayer. Even though she wasn't religious, Cherry joined in the prayer since she was a guest in this house. \"Dear Lord, I thank you very much for this meal which looks very good, and I feel blessed to be in my sister's home with her lovely family and her lovely daughter's friends and family who have come to join us this year, and I hope for many new adventures for all of us to visit, in your name I pray. Amen.\" Holly smiled. \"Amen.\" Everyone else replied. Everyone soon began to eat after that. Drell watched this from the window as he was about to fly off on his own broomstick as he smirked. \"And that's the story of one of the best Thanksgivings ever,\" he then told the readers of the story before flying off. \"See ya next year!\" he then laughed as he flew into the sky to go back home as this adventure ended. \"Uh, did anyone else see that?\" Dodger asked as he was with Rita, Francis, Einstein, and Tito. The others nodded as they did see that. \"This is a weird holiday.\" Tito muttered. \"What could be any weirder?\" Einstein replied. \"Oh, I don't know.\" Rita said, a bit bashful as she seemed to be hiding something from the others, but especially Dodger, but that would have to wait until the next adventure. The End ","Summary":" The Forte and Fudo families appeared to be in taxi cabs as they were on their way into New York Cit"},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"The Queens Fear","Author":"AnotherGirlWithAStory","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12335194","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : The Queens Fear Pairing : Katey x Javier. Warnings :Will contain mentions of sexual violations! Word Count : 1, 665 Chapter one : Torn You're afraid . Javier's words wouldn't leave her alone no matter how hard she tried to distract herself. You're afraid . She wanted to tell him no, she wasn't afraid of letting him lead. She truly wasn't afraid of that. It was a natural part of dancing to let the man lead. She had seen her father lead her mother on that movie thousands of times. She had been lead across the dancefloor by her father. Leading wasn't the issue. But there was an issue and it bothered Katey that Javier had seen it. Katey never told anyone about James. Or what happened in the car. Javier knew. But that wasn't because she had told him voluntarily. She had been distraught by what had happened and he had just been there. Her dad worked for his dad. She told herself what he had done didn't matter. He hadn't really done much. James had tried to kiss her, he had done something against her will but other than that he hadn't done anything. Katey told herself that over and over again. Out loud and quietly to herself but the feelings of shame didn't disappear nor the feeling of being uncomfortable in her own skin, her own body and the desire to not let anyone touch her. No one knew what James had done and no one saw how it affected her. She did what she could to stay out of social gatherings and put much effort into covering herself up. She indulged in the worlds provided to her by books and put all her energy into dancing with Javier. But no one noticed. Just like they didn't notice how she changed the first time it happened. Maybe she had been naïve, stupid even. But when Charles told her that he thought she was a sweet girl that he wanted to spend more time with Katey believed that meant seeing each other for ice-cream and maybe going to the cinema. They had done those things first and Katey was on cloud nine when Charles turned on her. It was like watching day turn into night. That was how big the difference was. In a way, it was almost ironic when Katey found herself in the same situation a few years later. James hands were different but they too touched her body in a way that made her arch in disgust, kissed her violently and held her against her will. The first time Katey had become frozen with fear. Her mind was screaming at her to act but she didn't. She let him touch her. He only stopped when someone woke her from her frozen state by knocking on the window. The second time she acted quickly. She wasn't going to rely on fortune. On someone hopefully saving her. You're afraid . Yes, yes, she was. Katey was terrified of being in a position where someone would touch her again. She knew Javier would never do anything she didn't want him to but that didn't stop her from covering away from him. Katey had believed the same thing about James and Charles. And she had been proven wrong. Katey walked down the streets of Havana with a smile on her face. If someone would have told her that Cuba would feel like home in just a few weeks' time she would have laughed at their faces. But it did. Katey loved Havana. The real Havana. She loved walking down the streets while watching people dance and sing. Even though she didn't understand what they were singing. Havana gave her a feeling of calm and content that Katey had never experienced before. Before moving to Cuba, she always felt there was something waiting for her in the future. She just needed to work hard enough and eventually she would get her happy ending. Cuba, Havana and more importantly Javier had taught her that life was happening right now. It was crazy to work for a happy ending when you could experience happiness every day in every moment that came your way. It was hard not being able to talk to her mother about this. Katey had tried so many times to vaguely ask her mother for advice but the conversation had gone in the completely wrong direction and her mother had believed she was somehow hinting that she was thinking about sex with James. That was so far from the truth it wasn't funny. She couldn't talk to Suzy and that left only her father and he managed to surprise her. He had been watching the film again when she walked in. \"Hey.\" He greeted her with a smile that soon vanished. \"You look like you have something on your mind. Do you want to talk about something?\" Katey hesitated but forced herself to sit down on the couch. \"I need to talk to someone about dancing.\" \"You've come to the right person.\" Her father focused his attention on her. \"Step into my office.\" Katey smiled though she didn't want to. \"How do you learn to trust someone?\" she asked cautiously choosing her words so they wouldn't sound suspicious. \"I mean, you can't dance with someone unless you fully trust them. How do you learn how to do that?\" \"I've never been in that situation, Katey. I've always trusted your mother and she's always trusted me.\" Her father paused when he saw the look of discouragement on his daughter's face. \"But if the trust hadn't been there then I would have made an effort to create it.\" \"How?\" \"By letting her in and telling her my deepest secret.\" Her father sighed. \"Dancing is in a way like falling in love. You put your trust in that person and you let them lead you even though you sometimes have no idea what the other person is thinking. I believe that by letting someone see you entirely, all your fears and hopes, you will succeed in creating trust.\" Katey had thanked her father. She had even asked what his biggest secret was but to that he had simple laughed. With those words in mind she walked down the familiar streets of Havana. She heard its comfortable sounds and allowed them for a minute to make her forget what she was about to do. Then she reached his gate and she was reminded. She met his mother on the way in who told Katey she would let Javier know she was there. Her heart was beating in her chest to the point where she could hardly hear anything else. She was struggling to get any real breaths into her lungs even more so when he showed up by the door. Katey fidgeted with her hands as he approached her and all of the sudden her mouth became dry when she realized what she would have to say to him. Javier, with his black messy hair, golden-brown skin and dark eyes leaned his body against the gate and looked at her through the barriers of the metal with a small smile on his face. \"Okay, I am.\" She admitted. \"You're what?\" Katey tilted her head and said the word she had grown to hate so much. \"Afraid.\" Javier opened the gate. \"See, that wasn't so hard?\" \"Actually, it was.\" She laughed dryly and forced herself to take a step towards him. \"Because there's a reason for it and I've never told anyone before. But I need to tell you this. Can we talk in your room?\" Javier nodded. Feeling the tension in the room and led the way through the house. Katey heard him say a few words in Spanish to his mother but as per usual didn't understand what he was telling her. She walked into his room feeling like she was in some kind of haze and sat down on one side of the couch. Javier sat down on the opposite side. She had seen him wear that expression before. Whenever he thought too much about the situation his family was stuck in and the things he had to do. It was a worried expression. One that Katey never thought she'd see him wearing with her. Javier leaned forward and took her hand. \"You can tell me.\" Katey didn't realize that she had been holding her breath until that moment. When Javier took her hand, and said those four words it felt as if the weight of the world left her shoulders and the words came flowing from her mouth. She just told him. She told him about the feelings that had gone through her body when the first man had touched her, done things to her that she didn't want him to. She told him how she had frozen up and how she had taken shower after shower in attempts to get him off . He sat completely still for a while after she had stopped talking. Not until he was sure that she wasn't going to continue did he open his mouth. \"Why did you tell me this?\" Katey felt her cheeks go red. What if he didn't want to know. She tried pulling her hand away from him but his grip around it tightened just a tad until Javier realized what he did and released her. He looked down on the ground. \"I'm sorry.\" He rubbed his hands against each other. His eyes were forcefully directed to the floor and every once in a while, he would tap his feet against the floor. This was not how it was supposed to go . \"I told you…\" Javier looked up. \"I told you because I'm not afraid of you.\" Javier pulled the same doubting face he had when she first came with the proposition that they enter the competition but just as then she ignored it. \"I'm not… I promise that I'm not afraid of you but I am afraid and I don't want to be anymore.\" Javier smiled. That smile . It always made her heart soar. \"That's okay. I'll help you fix that.\"[Chapter 2] Title : The Queens Fear Word Count : 1, 038 Chapter two : Don't You Worry Patience. That's what it took. Patience and time. And Javier, naturally . The young man with the brown idealistic eyes had caught her heart even before she had the courage to tell him about her fear. Her feelings for him had scared her already then and now they were almost impossible to handle. Her body reminded her of them when he wasn't with her by randomly putting the image of them dancing in her head. She knew their dance so well by then that she could almost feel his touch on her skin. And occasionally she had to look at herself to make her brain understand that he wasn't there. It would be wrong to say that she couldn't live without him because she could. It just so happened that she didn't want to. It wouldn't be true to say that she needed Javier to win the battles that life handed her. Katey had the ability to overcome anything that life threw at her without him. But she didn't need to and she didn't have to. He had helped her. And Katey was grateful that she hadn't been forced to deal with it on her own. Even if she could have. The fact that he believed in her made things so much easier. And he was the reason that he was walking down the streets alone on her way to La Rosa Negra about to just dance. Katey couldn't tell when the thought first appeared in her mind. But all of the sudden she was struck with the realization that she wanted to dance like the women at La Rosa Negra. She wanted to move the way they did, with the same emotions and the same confidence. So, she told Javier. \" You look deep in thought.\" The sound of his voice made Katey look away from the sight of the sun setting in the distance. She turned around and involuntarily the smile on her face grew when Javier walked towards her. \"What are you thinking about?\" He sat down next to her. Not far enough so that she'd feel like he was trying to put distance between them but not close enough for her to feel uncomfortable. The gesture made Katey smile. Javier was something out of the ordinary. She wished desperately that every guy on the planet was like him because the world needed more guys like him. But at the same time Katey couldn't help feeling happy that there was only one and that she was fortunate enough to know him. \" I'm thinking about dancing.\" Katey replied without missing a beat. \"I want to be able to dance the way those women do at La Rosa Negra.\" Javier crinkled his nose and laughed. \"How do they dance?\" \" They dance as if they have no worries in the world even if they probably do. They feel comfortable enough in their bodies to go from partner to partner without hesitating for even a moment. There's a certain strength in their moves and it has nothing to do with training but with confidence.\" Javier nodded. \"What makes you think you can't do that?\" Katey shrugged. \"Do you think I can?\" Javier nodded again. \"I know you can.\" Her heart was fluttering inside her chest as she stepped into the club. She didn't have to look for long before she found Javier in the middle of the dancefloor, obviously feeling that he had been forced to wait too long. His eyes were half-closed and occasionally he stuck his tongue out of his mouth and smiled happily at the woman standing in front of him. She didn't wait for him to see her as she would have just a few weeks earlier. Instead Katey moved across the room until she found herself in the middle of the dancefloor. She saw the lingering looks of men she didn't know and felt that familiar tension travel up her back. \"American,\" a familiar voice greeted her and Katey couldn't hold the sigh back as Carlos appeared by her side. \"Do you want to dance with me?\" Katey nodded and took his hand. Her heart was beating furiously in her chest as he pulled her a little bit closer. Not as close as Javier would but close never the less. His eyes never left her and as they danced Katey became less aware of the hands that occasionally brushed against her body. The heat of other bodies was forgotten as she focused on the music and allowed it to travel through her body. She didn't notice that Carlos was gone until someone had already taken his place. And she definitely didn't notice when Javier left the dancefloor and stood next to his brother watching her just move. \"She's beautiful.\" His brother spoke as he took a mouthful of his beer. Javier couldn't disagree. Katey was beautiful. She always was even if she didn't know it. But whenever she walked out on the dancefloor there was a certain spark that took over her eyes. Up until that point Javier had never seen the spark bloom into a full-blown firework. But it had been worth the waiting. The music ended. Katey stopped and he saw her look around until her eyes found him and she stood still with a soft smile playing on her face. Javier couldn't help smile back, especially not as she waved her hand, gesturing for him to get over there. He was quick to obey. After all, he would never turn down dancing. Dancing is about being exactly who you want to be in that moment . That's what Javier had told her that day at the beach. To some people that meant being free and to others it meant being rebellious. To Katey that meat losing control and it meant being courageous. Javier had always known that she was courageous and though he didn't know why he always knew that she needed to lose control. He was happy he could help with that. He was happy that he could help the queen face her fear. And when they were separated Katey realized he probably never understood how much that meant to her. She could only hope that maybe one day she could tell him. The end ","Summary":" Title : The Queens Fear Pairing : Katey x Javier. Warnings :Will contain mentions of sexual violati"},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"My Heart's in Havana","Author":"Vein Creature","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3242013","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My Heart's in Havana By Vein Creature Chapter One On the way back to thernUS,rnmy parents tried to convince me to start considering Radcliff, not bringing uprnJavier or the contest once. I answered with nods and \"mhm\"s, but Irnwasn't all there. I was still bound to Javier back inrnHavana,rnworrying, wondering. What if the Revolution didn't run as planned? What if...rnLots of things plagued my mind. Now that Javier was gone, would I give uprndancing as well? I was passionate about it, yes, but part of the passion wasrndancing with him. Suzie tried to cheer me up, saying that moving back to thernstates was gonna be great, she couldn't wait to get back to Elvis and thernAmerican Bandstand Once we arrived inrnMiami,rnwe were all settled pretty quickly. In apologies to the incident inrnCuba,rnChrysler paid for us to stay inrnFloridarnand my dad to continue his work here.rnMiamirnwas beautiful, sunny beaches and friendly atmosphere, it sort of resembledrnCubarnin some ways, everyone seemed pretty carefree. I hadn't actually graduated, butrnsomehow was able to end up with a high school diploma. My mother had it allrnarranged. I could tell my family was worried that I hadn't gone to good oldrnKatey, but I was in a depressed slump, feeling sick…even throwing uprnoccasionally. I wasn't even sure anymore that I becoming the woman I wanted to be...rnI wanted to get over Javier so badly. Suzie did well with everyone inrnFloridarnand in school. She told me it was just as laid-back asrnHavana \"Katey?\" She asked, quietly entering the living. Irnslouched lazily on the stiff patterned couch, staring longingly out into thernocean \"Hm?\" I didn't bother get up. I had been in andrnout of this state of lying on the couch, unless it was an emergency, my buttrnwas glued to the cushion. She hesitantly took a seat beside me. She tried tornget my attention, to make me look back at her. I was just too tired. She tuckedrna blonde strand behind her ear, defeated \"I hate it when you get like this.\" She tried tornget some sort of reaction, but I didn't budge. She sighed and after a longrnsilence she tried again, \"I know you miss him.\" I turned sharply tornface her. \"But I miss you more. \"I sincerely doubt that.\" I said, forcing a smilernto cheer her up \"You know, what'll make you feel better?\" I shookrnmy head. \"Radcliffe!\" She squealed. My stomach dropped. \"Please?rnMom and Dad are right! You'll love it! They got me looking at some brochuresrnand they probably have cute Harvard boys nearby...\" She kept going, notrnknowing I tuned her out. Radcliffe? Was I ready to move on? Harvard boys? Irnguess it was pointless to dwell on him, he was going to leave the beginning ofrnCuban Freedom for me, but some part of my heart was still waiting for him tornburst through the doors and rescue me. \"So, what'dya think?\" She hadrnthis big hopeful smile. My family only had the best intentions, I suppose... Irnhad no choice but to nod wearily. She hugged me, bouncing up and down, sornexcited. \"We need to go shopping for a new wardrobe for you! You thoughtrnyou were going in those clothes? As if!\" She giggled and I laughed,rnhalf-heartedly. Goodbye, my first love, I'm leaving you forrnBoston. As I stuffed my suitcase, folding meticulously, my fatherrncame in and put an arm around my shoulders. \"Hi, Dad.\" I greeted \"Katey, you know, I'm very happy you decided to go tornRadcliffe it's a really good school. \"I know.\" I said in a tone that I used with my dadrnwhen he was repeating himself \"But, are you sure it's what you want?\" My brainrnpulsated with the answer \"Yes.\" I nodded. It HAS to be. He nodded inrnagreement. He straightened, remembering something \"Oh! By the way, I've been saving this since we leftrnfromrnHavana. Your mother didn'trnwant to take it, but I thought you might have wanted it.\" He pulled arnsmall leather bound book. \"He said he wanted you to have it. He insisted that you should have it.\" I took it in my hands and stroked it,rnremembering. This was the book Javier was reading, wasn't it? \"I'll letrnyou get back to your packing.\" I nodded and after he left I went to sit onrnthe bed and look over it. I so dreadfully wished I could read Spanish. Los ... Los Ma ... something. He was reading it Christmas Evem. It was his father's. Thernlast of his father's books. I flipped through the pages, hoping he had left mernsome sort of sign... note... something! I shook the books pages, upset.rnSomething fell out. It was a pressed flower and a note... in Spanish. Irnlaughed. What did it say. French and Spanish were roance languages, but Irnstill couldn't read Spanish. Espéreme ... What did that mean? Suzie was learningrnSpanish as a second language for school... So, I went and asked her. \"Es-per-em?\" She asked and I showed her the noternjust in case my pronunciation wasn't enough. \"Oh, Espéreme! Um... I thinkrnit means Expect me or Wait for me... but I could be wrong.\" She shrugged,rnnonchalantly. My heart stopped. \"Still packing, geez Katey.\" Then she ran off. Wait forrnme? Oh, Javier... Outside, I could hear a seagull cry in despair as the sunrnset red-orange on the horizon. How am I supposed to wait for you inrnBoston? A/N: I know Katey was all happy at the end of the movie,rnbut, come on, whose she kidding? Any girl would be crushed to be leaving herrnfirst love. Now I've got conflict coming up. ThernBay of Pigsrnand all that. I'm sorry that the story is kinda rough around the edges. I'llrntry to smooth it out a little more. Was it absolutely wonderful? Was it so horriblernthat you think I should burn in the depths of fanfic hell? Or was it so-so? Orrnwas it just okay? I'll never know unless you REVIEW! Yes. It's that littlernbutton down there. Pick it and click it. I do have lots of fun stuff for later in the story! So, readrnon! I'm still kind of debating on a title, so suggestions are warmly welcomed![Chapter 2] My Heart's in Havana Chapter Two I was walking towards the plane that would take me off to Radcliff. Turning back I saw my dad and Suzie waving goodbye. I saw the stewardess ushering everyone up the steps and into the plane. Then something caught my ear, \"Last Call for Flight 229 to Havana, Cuba; Nonstop.\" I stood between the two planes. I could just hide behind Radcliff, hide under the bed or I could see Javier again, I could work through the knots. I glanced back at my family. I was going to be exactly who I wanted to be. Then, I made a mad dash for the plane, hopping in just as it was leaving. I got to my seat and looked through the window at my mother waving frantically, hoping that this would somehow bring the plane back down so I would go to Radcliff and she could somehow save some small part of her dream country club world that was evaporating right in front of her eyes. Although I was too far away, something told me Suzie was smiling and soon, so was I. Staring out the window, I wondered how Javier was and what he was doing. It had been a few months... when suddenly, a wave of nausea hit me. I don't usually get sick on planes, but then... Javier awoke, sweating and panting. He had a dream with Katey, his Katey bonita , dancing with him. Katey was smiling and happy when suddenly she ran away from him. He called after her but she kept running. \"Katey! Come back!\" Javier shouted after her, but she kept running. \"Katey!\" Then he woke up. It was a strange dream. It was still fairly dark outside with a little light streaming in through the open window. He looked across his room and saw his little nephew in his crib, sleeping. Javier got up and rubbed his eyes. Dawn just began to break with orange and pink flooding the small room. Pulling on a shirt, he walked through the dim empty house. His mother had probably headed out already. As Javier walked down the alley he thought about his beloved Katey waiting for him but couldn't shake the foreboding feeling sending chills down his spine. I awoke from my uncomfortable sleep when the intercom announced, \"Hello passengers of Flight 229 to Havana, Cuba nonstop. We are soon to arrive in beautiful city of Havana. Thank you for traveling with American Airlines. We hoped you enjoyed the flight.\" Then it was repeated in Spanish. I sat upright and looked around me. Many of the passengers were still absorbed in their own little worlds and the funny thing was, all of them were Cuban. I felt out of place and began to wonder if this was such a good idea. How was I going to find Javier? Oh, God. Sometimes, I don't think things through. This was definitely one of those times. I rubbed my temples, attempting to fight down panic and think logically. Okay. I would figure this out. I vaguely remembered where the hotel was, if it was still there. I sort of remembered where Javier's house was, starting from the hotel. Okay, I can do this. I wondered what Javier would say when I get there. I hoped he'd be happy to see me. I didn't hope, I knew-I knew he would. Thinking of him, my heart expanded and my stomach churned. I pictured his arms wrapped around me, his lips on mine. The large Cuban man looked over at me as my blush spread across my cheeks, letting my day-dream continue. I shook myself out of it. Soon I would be there and I wouldn't have to dream about him. \"Javier!\" Carlos shouted, grabbing him by the shoulder before he walked through the gate. \"I need to speak with you. Come with me to the airport.\" \"The airport?\" Javier repeated. \"What's at the airport?\" \"Just come with me, brother.\" Carlos retorted. Javier rolled his eyes but followed him to the bus. The crowded bus seemed to be the perfect place to speak to Javier, according to Carlos, because he began to speak in a low voice. Darting his eyes back and forth, Carlos told Javier that they were \"doing business\" with someone at the airport. \"Carlos...\" Javier knew Carlos was up to one of his shady \"business\" ventures again. \"We're just picking up a package, Javier! Don't worry little brother, you always worry, worry, worry!\" Carlos chuckled. \"No, Carlos, it's not funny. Bad things can... No. Bad things WILL happen to us if this turns sour...\" Javier began to message his temples. \"Nothing will happen, we'll be fine. Better than fine! We'll be that much richer!\" Carlos laughed at the ingenuity of his plan as Javier just shook his head and stared out the window hoping to get it over with soon. \"With Fidel Castro as our leader, we shouldn't need to such things,\" Javier thought ","Summary":" My Heart's in Havana By Vein Creature Chapter One On the way back to thernUS,rnmy parents tried to "},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"Goddess of the Moon","Author":"Final-Year","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12016187","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You may not know me. For I was never in exsistents in your world. My name is Unita goddess of the Moon. I am daughter Osiris and Isis. Sister to Horus. This is my tail of helping my brother as he becomes the man he is to you, a man of justice, compassion and kindness. Though this story begins on the day of my brothers coronation. I heard snoring after entering my brothers room. I silently laughed as I neared his bed. Though it was rather hard when he had several dozens of women surrounding his bed. I don't how Hathor is okay with this. But I will not question the goddess of love. I neared my brother and slipped myself into his bed beside him. Getting close to his ear. \"You know, it's not good for you to be sleeping in on such a day as this.\" I said. Horus groaned as I spoke. I laughed at him. \"You won't be laughing in a few moments sister.\" He said. \"Just get up. You need to be bathed and clothed for today.\" I said, getting up. Before walking out I turned to him as he lifted his head. \"I know you will make great king, Horus. Always know, that I love you and will be here for you.\" I said. Horuses head popped up. \"I love you as well, sister. I will make our family proud.\" \"I know you will.\" I was dressed for the coronation later that morning. My dress was made of a fine light blue color. It had a silver belt and in the middle of it is the moon and stars. It's had a sweet heart neckline and beaded with jewels. I wore a very simple crown of the moon atop my head. The jewel that represented the moon was a clear dimand. I smiled at my reflection. I was mostly drawn to the necklace that I wore. It was a half of a wing. A gift from my brother. He would make a great King. I knew that today would bring something but I didn't know what.[Chapter 2] I stood in the line with the other gods an goddesses as we waited for our name to be called. I was near the back because after my name as called, I would sit next to my mother. \"Hathor, goddess of Love!\" a high priest shouted. Hathor approached my family and bowed. She looked stunning, as always. As she straitened she sent a wink towards my brother. I smiled. She moved away with the other gods. \"Nephthys, goddess of Protection!\" Nephthys arrived on a carriage with her birds flying her. She was the wife of my uncle , Set. I smiled at her when she looked at me. She smiled back. Bowing lowly she then smiled at my parents. \"Thot, god of Wisdom!\" I smiled at him as well. He was always a friend of mine for he was the only one besides me hat could put Horus in his place. He approached my family with a large box in his hands. \"Greetings Thot,\" said my mother. She had a smile on her face. \"Did you ever imagine that your former student would one day wear the crown of Egypt?\" she asked him. Thot put a finger to his head. Thot said something and had his eyes on my brother. I couldn't quite make it out. He soon gathered with the gods as well. \"Unita, Lady of the Moon!\" I walked out and smiled at the people before me. I turned from them and bowed before my parents and took my place next to my mother. \"Praise, Osiris! King of all Egypt!\" My father rose from his throne, walking close too our people. \"Hail Ra, lord of light.\" he said towards the sky. The people copied him. \"My father has seen fit to bless this day. As you all bless us with your generosity.\" He then bent down and took something from two bowls. \"A token from someone with much and a token of someone with little. But when both die and stand at the final gate, what is their value then? I say they are equal. Symbols of lives well lived. All are welcome to the afterlife. This is my legacy. But today, we crown a new king. And one day he will have a legacy of his own.\" My brother stood up as or father said these words. \"My son Horus, Lord of the Air!\" the people cheered as my brother stood. He walked down towards father as music played. My father said something to him and Horus replied. A maid waked over with a gold crown. Horus knelt as my father took the crown off of its pillow. \"Wait! Wait.\" I turned to see uncle coming from the crowds. \"sorry I'm late.\" \"three days to cross the desert and almost another to pass through all of your admirers.\" uncle said and everyone laughed. \"Set!\" He and my father hugged and then uncle and my brother hugged. I couldn't contain myself as I walked over to them and gave uncle a hug. \"Unita! Why, look at you. Last time I saw you, you were barley up to my waist.\" he said with a smile. \"it is good to see you uncle.\" I then walked back over to mother who gave me a look. I silently apologized. It was jot ladylike to rush up to someone. \"Such a big day for the family. You must be proud.\" uncle sai to father. \"I am.\" \"Look at you nephew. Magnificent.\" \"We were afraid you wouldn't come.\" \"No, wouldn't miss it.\" A man approached with a box. \"A hunting horn from the skull of a ram that slayed ten gods slower than me. Try it out.\" My brother took out the massive horn and blew. A loud noise came from it and the people cheered. Suddenly, a loud clanging noise came from the crowd and an army of men in red suits. The people gasped and moved away, fearing being trampled. \"Some one heard you.\" \"What is this, Set?\" my father asked. Uncle stayed silent. the red men moved in front of the people and pointed their weapons at them. Uncle came up to father, holding a weapon. \"Father gave it to you.\" \"Kept me alive for many anight in the desert. Fight me.\" I stood there shocked as my uncle looked at father like he was an enemy. I had never seen this before. \"Father don't.\" cried Horus. \"Stay out of this son.\" commanded father. \"Why?\" \"In a thousand years of peace, what have you accomplished? A land of people who dream of nothing more. Its my turn now.\" he said. \"I wont fight. I love you brother with all my heart.\" Father slammed the spear down into the marble and walked up to Set. As he tried to hug him. uncle grabbed a knife and stabbed father. I cried out in horror. \"I love you too brother.\" I ran from my position and raced towards father. Tears streaked down my face. Fathers eyes landed on me and Horus. \"Well this truly is a big day for the family. I, Set, shall be your one true king. King of all Egypt! Behold the fate of those who stand in my way\" uncle cried. He walked over to all of the gods. \"Gods, bow before me or die.\" Everyone bowed. \"Mortal, worship me or be enslaved!\" The people bowed to him. I cried as I looked around. This was not supposed to be happening. \"My brother thought the afterlfe was a gift. I think a king should have higher standards. From now on you have to by your way in with riches, earned.\" \"father gazed at us. \"Your journey has just begun.\" Then he was gone. Osisrus was was dead.[Chapter 3] I cried along with my mother. Horus looked blankly at our fathers body before turning to the spear. \"Its your now.\" said uncle. Horus unhooked his cap as Nephthys crawled towards us. \"Many of us will stand with you but now is not the time!\" she said hastily but my brother ignored her. He ran up to the spear and yanked it out of the ground. He attacked uncle but Set blocked the attack. My brother came at him again and again but uncle matched it blow for blow. \"I looked up to you.\" my brother said angrily. \"Of course you did.\" uncle said. The lunged at each other again. Uncle swiped t Horus' legs and he fell. Hathor rose suddenly but Thot grabbed her arm. \"That would be unwise.\" Horus got up quickly and attacked again. Set was able to manage a blow to Horus' face. \"Is it true you still never miss? Doesn't it get dull?\" Set asked. My brother attacked him again but before he could get a good swipe, he was blinded by Set's shield. He missed. \"Oh, I thought your sight was perfect?\" His red soldiers did the same, cornering my brother. I looked at the shields. Flinging my hand out, I shattered the glass. Horus nodded t me. Horus had and enough and transformed into his golden bird. Set changed as well and became his black jackal. They flew at each other. Nehthys opened her wings to protect my mother and me. I slid out of the wings and ran to the gods. \"Get out of here! Find somewhere safe!\" I yelled. They all nodded and ran. Except for Hathor. \"Go, Hathor!\" I yelled. \"I'm not leaving until I know your brother is alright!\" she yelled. Suddenly, there was a loud BOOM and the columns surrounding us started to fall. We jumped out of the way. I ran over to or people. \"Run!\" I yelled at them. The red soldiers tried to keep them in but I used my powers to force them aside. Ones that tried to attack me, i flew them through the air. But, one god on Se's side grabbed me. I screamed and tried to get out of his hold. Horus then fell onto the platform. I cried out. \"Horus!\" I saw Set moving towards him. \"I'm doing Egypt a favor. Your not fit to be king.\" Set said before lowering and grabbing my brothers face. \"No!\" cried out Horus. He screamed and I screamed with him. He had taken his eyes. Tears streamed down my face. Set was about to put a sword to my brithers chest, but i cried out. \"Set!\" as well as Hathor. He turned to her and nodded to his henchmen and he let me go. Once I was free, Hathor and I bowed. \"Forgive me , father.\" said Horus.[Chapter 4] As time went on, the Egypt that my father had built, the one that I loved, melted away into set's new Egypt. Following my fathers death, my mother soon joined him. Without her or Horus, I was truly alone. The Gods that went against Set were ultimately killed. I could never intervene. if I did, he would hurt my people. Set tried and tried again to persuade me into helping him with the people. He knew they looked up to me. I always said no. I believe in free will and he knew that. He accepted that. Well, as much as he could. He still wanted my love, but I could never give it without him having to threaten people. I prayed everyday to grandfather to help Horus, but I knew he had other things to worry about. Every night I would look up at the moon, hoping the powerful object would give me strength. During the day's, I would go down to the city and heal those who were sick or dying. People cried out for help and in my dreams I could see those who went in the afterlife, ending up in purgatory because they did not have enough to go to paradise. I just wish that there was someone who could help. Hathor was out of the question. I do not resent her for choosing to become set's bride, but she had condemned herself to a life with a tyrant. My brother may have been stupid at times, I can say that because we are siblings, but he was never cruel. Maybe someday, he will come to his senses and find a way to face Set without his sight. I sat in my room as I waited for Set to arrive. He had sent a messenger, saying that he was coming. I sat by the window, the wind coming through and blowing the fine drapes around me. As I looked outside, I saw the people moving massive blocks of stone to the large monument Set was building for grandfather. The screams of pain could be heard for miles around as people were whipped for not moving fast enough or not being able to move the stone at all. The doors to my room suddenly swung open and Set strode confidently into the room. I stood and bowed to him. He laughed when I did this. \"Niece, you do not need to do that.\" he said. I only nodded before sitting back down. He walked over to the window, looking over his creations. \"Isn't it marvelous? Soon the structure will be complete.\" Set said in a proud tone. \"Congratulations'.\" I said, with no emotion in my voice. \"Come now, niece. Don't tell me your still bitter to me?\" he asked with arrogance in his tone. \"Bitter? Is that all you sense in my voice? Well my king, forgive me if I am still in mourning.\" I said with sarcasm. I turned to him and slowly stood. \"I am bitter because not only did my father and brother fall at your hands, but my mother was to grief stricken to live at all. My people are suffering and I can do nothing about it. And the biggest part of my bitterness is that my uncle, the man that both I and my brother looked up too, respected and loved, is the cause of it all.\" Set looked at me with shock in his eyes. \"I idolized you. Thinking you were the bravest and most noble because you braved the desert winds and conquered beasts beyond imagine. You say it is your turn to rule and that you deserve too, and yes maybe you do. But the way you are treating your new given power is unacceptable. My brother may not have been the smartest or the kindest of men, but he knew right from wrong. So did my father and your father. They did not treat their people like you do and demand great things from them. I loved you uncle, I still do. But I do not think that I can anymore when you are destroying the very last good thing I know of in this world.\" I said before walking away. I was surprised when he did not follow. I am glad though. Maybe it was time to visit my dear brother.[Chapter 5] Hello everybody. Sorry i haven't been able to update lately. I have recently been going through a few things. A good friend of my family has just passed away and it has been hard. I have also been going through depression but I am steadily getting better. I hope giving everybody this new chapter will make it better. Thank you for the comments and I will try to update again soon, until then please be patient with me. Happy New Year! ","Summary":" You may not know me. For I was never in exsistents in your world. My name is Unita goddess of the M"},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"Regreso a La Habana","Author":"Jessmanyez","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11659574","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1. Recuerdos No sabíamos cuándo volveríamos a vernos, pero sabíamos que aquel… no sería nuestro último baile… POV Javier Habían pasado más de 5 años desde aquel momento, ocho años en que mi único pensamiento al entrar en La Rosa Negra era aquella norteamericana que me robó el corazón y que se lo llevó lejos, allá a su tierra; y de la cual no he podido saber nada hasta el día de hoy. Cada vez que entraba en aquel club y pasaba al lado de las fotos de los reyes y reinas que habían coronado esa pista de baile, mis ojos se posaban inevitablemente en la figura de aquella rubia obstinada, cabezota, intrépida, sensual, hermosa… mi Katey… a pesar de todo el tiempo que había pasado, me sentía incapaz de olvidarla, aun sabiendo que después de todo el tiempo que había pasado, ella habría rehecho su vida en EEUU, habría ido a la universidad de Radcliffe, incluso era probable que hubiera vuelto a enamorarse (solo pensar en lo último me desgarraba por dentro), y aun así había sido incapaz de seguir adelante… el baile ya no significaba lo mismo sin ella, siquiera pensar en bailar con otra pareja dejaba en mí una sensación de traición, así que decidí dejar de bailar hasta que llegara el momento de reunirme con mi reina. Lo único que mantenía vivo aquel recuerdo era La Rosa Negra, así que decidí empezar a trabajar allí de camarero junto con mi hermano Carlos, hasta que algún día pudiera reunir el dinero suficiente para comprar el club, esperando la vuelta de mi pequeña norteamericana, mi vida, junto con mi corazón. Fin POV Javier Carlos era testigo de todo el sufrimiento que su hermano pequeño, al cual había insistido varias veces que rehiciera su vida, y cada vez que lo hacía, lo único que obtenía de Javier era una mirada dolida, un corazón roto, y una alma anhelante a la espera de su otra mitad, la cual se encontraba a la otra punta del continente, y con entrada vetada en el país cubano… Decidido a recuperar a su hermano pequeño, aquel que se veía presente en aquella fotografía de los Reyes de La Rosa Negra, empezó a movilizarse y a recuperar favores con el fin de devolver la chispa de vida que faltaba en los ojos del Rey de La Rosa Negra. POV Katey Faltaban dos semanas para su cumpleaños, en quince días cumpliría 25 años y para ella sólo significaba una cosa, ocho años alejada de lo que ella consideraba ahora su hogar: la Habana junto con Javier Suarez, su primer amor, y por lo que había podido comprobar a lo largo de los años desde su separación, el amor de su vida. No por ello significaba que hubiera perdido todo aquel tiempo en lamentaciones, dedicó cada momento que tuvo libre a estudiar en Radcliffe, parte de su antiguo sueño, más específicamente sobre el funcionamiento y la administración de las empresas, así como el aprendizaje del español. Todo esto tenía un objetivo en común: volver, tan pronto como le fuera posible, a Cuba. Después de todos aquellos años, aun recordaba lo que le había dicho a Javier, había encontrado sueños y metas mucho mejores de las que tenía cuando llegó a la Habana, así que se dedicó con ansias a ese nuevo sueño: dirigir una academia de baile donde pudiera compartir su pasión por el baile con aquellos dispuestos a aprender, junto a Javier; por lo que empezó a estudiar la dirección de las empresas para poder llevar el negocio adelante, junto con el español, para poder manejarse en el país en el que esperaba con ansias volver. Fin POV Katey Sin embargo, su familia estaba preocupada por ella, ya que pese a que todo lo anterior la mostraba como una mujer tenaz y decidida, ellos eran capaces de ver lo realmente importante, y es que durante todo el tiempo que habían estado de regreso en EEUU Katey no había sido feliz, incluso era incapaz de bailar con otra pareja de baile, se dedicaba a practicar los pasos de baile delante del espejo para encontrar los fallos y corregirlos. Pero lo más preocupante de todo es que sus sonrisas en esos 8 años podían contarse con los dedos de las manos. Por lo que su familia decidió que si algún día existía la posibilidad de volver a ponerse en contacto con Cuba, aprovecharían cada ocasión que tuvieran tan solo por ver aquellos ojos resplandecer de nuevo como lo hicieron aquella última noche en la Habana, momento guardado para la eternidad en aquella película que nadie se había atrevido a reproducir por miedo a romper todavía más el corazón de la Reina de La Rosa Negra.[Chapter 2] POV Susie Era sábado y estábamos todos en casa, excepto mi hermana que estaba trabajando para poder ganar dinero para montarse su propia academia de baile. A pesar de que nuestros padres le aseguraron que ellos podían efectuar la inversión sin ningún problema, Katey quería conseguirlo por ella misma por lo que llevaba más de cuatro años trabajando sin parar (desde que terminó los estudios) y ahorrando cada centavo posible para cumplir su sueño. Mirábamos la televisión pensando en qué regalarle a mi hermana para su cumpleaños, para el cual faltaba una semana, por cierto, y para el cual no se nos había ocurrido aun nada que regalarle. Estábamos completamente absortos en nuestros pensamientos hasta que una noticia nos sacó de nuestro estado de ensoñación. «… nuevas noticias en lo referente a las relaciones políticas de Cuba con nuestro país. Fidel Castro, aquel que prometió libertad para el pueblo cubano, se ha encontrado con varias peticiones de su gente, en las cuales solicitan tener contacto con estadounidenses con los que formaron lazos afectivos durante su estancia en Cuba. Tras muchas negociaciones con los políticos, la policía y el pueblo cubano, se ha llegado al consenso del permiso de entrada a los estadounidenses que puedan demostrar sus lazos con el pueblo cubano, así como el reconocimiento de su parte para la entrada al país con la opción de un permiso de nacionalidad en casos especiales. Pasando al plano deportivo…» Después de escuchar semejante noticia, miré a mis padres y en sus ojos vi lo mismo que estaba pensando: por fin Katey tendría la oportunidad de volver a la Habana y haríamos hasta lo imposible para conseguirlo. No podía encontrar mejor regalo que ese para el cumpleaños número 25 de mi hermana, por lo que después de mucho discutirlo con mis padres, bajé al sótano y desempolvé todos los objetos que nos habíamos traído de Cuba y que no habíamos desempaquetado por miedo a ocasionarle más sufrimiento a Katey. Estuve buscando por al menos una hora hasta que lo encontré, si había algo que pudiese mostrar el vínculo que unía a mi hermana con aquel chico cubano, era aquel objeto, por lo que después de escribir una carta y añadir algunos documentos al paquete, fue con sus padres a enviarlo sin demora alguna para que llegara lo antes posible y pudiéramos establecer contacto cuanto antes con algún miembro de la familia Suarez para empezar a tramitar cuanto antes el regreso de Katey a lo que ella considera su hogar: La Habana. Fin POV Susie POV Carlos Después de todas las negociaciones que tuve que hacer con el nuevo gobierno, conseguí lo que me propuse en su día hace algunos años, la entrada de algunos miembros norteamericanos en su amado país, estrictamente escogidos, para no causar un revuelo en el pueblo cubano después de la revolución de hace ya casi una década. Contra todo pronóstico, había conseguido hacer todo esto a espaldas de Javier, aunque visto desde otro punto de vista, no pareciera tan difícil puesto que éste vivía en su propio mundo de nostalgia y tristeza, lo que esperaba poder solucionar lo más pronto posible. Tres días después de la finalización de las negociaciones con el régimen cubano, y tras hablarlo con su madre concienzudamente, habían decidido mostrar a los encargados de formalizar los visados de ida y vuelta de Cuba las pruebas que tenían para poder enviar a Javier a los EEUU para que viese, al menos, una vez más a la que él consideraba el amor de su vida, pero al parecer se le habían adelantado. Cuando estaban dispuestos a ir con las pruebas a los oficiales encargados, llamaron a la puerta de mi casa, sabiendo que no era mi hermano, puesto que este se encontraba en ese mismo momento en La Rosa Negra ultimando los detalles para aquella noche. Eran parte de los oficiales que íbamos a ver que traían un paquete para la familia Suarez de parte de EEUU que ya había sido revisada y de la cual solo esperaban una confirmación para poder empezar a formalizar los trámites. Mi madre y yo estábamos muy sorprendidos ante lo pronto que alguien se había puesto en contacto con nosotros después del comunicado oficial a los EEUU, dos días atrás. Sin más demora, despedimos a los oficiales para la comprobación del bulto, asegurándoles que les avisaríamos tan pronto como hubiésemos concluido y tomásemos una decisión. Tan pronto como se fueron, fuimos a la cocina para abrir el paquete, y lo único que pude hacer fue sonreír al ver la procedencia del envío. En el remitente figuraba: Familia Miller . Dentro de aquella caja encontramos una película, unos documentos donde estaba detallado el tiempo que estuvieron aquí, junto con su hospedaje, y por último una carta dirigida a alguien de nuestra familia, la cual ya había sido revisada. Lo primero que hice fue abrir el escrito para saber de quién era exactamente aquel paquete, para poder comprobar mis sospechas. Aunque no se trataba de la Miller que esperaba, al menos sabía que no me había equivocado de familia. Ante la mirada dudosa de mi madre, procedí a leerle la misiva: Estimada Familia Suarez: No sé a qué miembro de la familia me estoy dirigiendo exactamente, sólo espero que estéis todos bien y que sigáis tan unidos como os recuerdo. Me dirijo a vosotros con el fin de poder cumplir uno de los propósitos más grandes que ha tenido mi hermana desde que se fue de la Habana… ese proyecto ha sido volver a aquella tierra que la enamoró tan profundamente, así como también recuperar la parte de sí misma que dejó con un miembro de vuestra familia y de quien no ha podido olvidarse en estos últimos ocho años. No sé si registrarán también la carta, en el caso de que lo hagan, intentaré ser lo más específica posible para evitar las confusiones y los malentendidos. Hace ocho años mi hermana, Katey Miller, abandonó La Habana dejando atrás al que ella considera como el amor de su vida, con el que se hizo una promesa, que aquel baile que compartieron en La Rosa Negra no sería el último baile que compartirían, sino que volverían a encontrarse, aunque tardasen una eternidad en hacerlo. Aunque parezca un hecho carente de valor, el simple acto de reencontrarse por ese motivo, para ellos (sé que Javier también comparte esa pasión) el baile significa la forma de expresión más sincera, un lenguaje que no conoce engaños, y en el que son capaces de volcar toda su alma; para ellos el baile y la familia son su vida. Sé que conocéis a Javier y sé que sabéis que todo lo anterior es tan cierto como que el día sigue a la noche. Mi hermana ha dejado parte de su alma en Cuba y lo único que quiero es recuperarla, que vuelva a ser la misma, que vuelva a ser feliz. No sé si Javier ha rehecho su vida, pero en el caso de que no sea oportuna la vuelta de Katey a Cuba, por favor pónganse en contacto con nosotros, para así, al menos, poder luchar para que ella siga adelante y no continúe anclada al pasado. Como prueba visual, he mandado la película con la que recogimos algunos momentos de su estadía en La Habana junto a Javier, donde con solo verlos, uno es capaz de ver en su mirada el amor que se tienen el uno por el otro. Espero no estar causando ningún inconveniente para vuestra familia, sólo os deseo lo mejor. Sincera y eternamente agradecida. Susie Miller Al acabar de leer la carta miré a mi madre, y al parecer ambos estábamos de acuerdo en una cosa, fuera lo que fuera que hubiese en esa película, estaríamos más que de acuerdo con permitirle a Katey Miller la entrada a Cuba con tal de ver a Javier como era antes. Una vez de acuerdo, decidieron ver el contenido del film, para ver con sus propios ojos parte de lo que vivió Javier con aquella muchacha americana que consiguió traer su mundo de cabeza y llevarse parte de él con ella a Norteamérica. Después de hablarlo, consideraron oportuno darle una sorpresa a Javier, para ver su reacción para cuando ella llegase al país y se reencontrase con él. Por lo que una vez comprobaron que iba a quedarse en el club por el resto de la noche, extendieron una sábana blanca y empezaron a reproducir aquella cinta. Contenía muy diversas escenas: ambos con la que parece ser la hermana pequeña de Katey en La Rosa Negra una tarde bailando, los dos en la playa bailando y jugando, en el tejado practicando pasos de baile, siempre con ojos brillantes de júbilo y una sonrisa en sus labios. Por último llegaron a las escenas de los bailes de la competición, tanto de Nochebuena como de Año Nuevo. En éste último baile se podía ver el momento en el que su hermanito se dio cuenta de que ellos estaban metidos en el Palace como infiltrados para la Revolución, su cara lo decía todo: angustia, temor, preocupación… pero no sólo por él y sus amigos, sino también por la chica que tenía, en aquel momento, rodeada entre sus brazos. Después se proyectó su reencuentro en el hotel, así como su despedida en su casa (al parecer, según me había comentado Javier en uno de esos momentos en los que conseguía sacarle algo de aquellos días, Susie le había prestado la grabadora, para que pudiera ver lo que habían grabado hasta el momento, pero no había sabido manejarla como se debía y acabó grabando uno de los momentos más dolorosos de aquellos días). Y por último, aquél día, en el que fueron proclamados como Reyes de La Rosa Negra, su santuario, su escenario, su hogar… ahora entendía el afán de Javier por conseguir el club… nadie más que aquella pareja podría imponer en aquel local sentimientos tan grandes como los que ellos tenían. La grabación terminó con un sonriente y feliz Javier junto con una Katey completamente dichosa. Conforme acabó la película, miré a mi madre y ella sólo dijo una cosa: – No me importa cuánto tardemos o lo que cueste conseguirlo, quiero a mi hijo de vuelta, tal como se muestra en la reproducción, lo quiero feliz, cueste lo que cueste. – Estoy de acuerdo – fue lo único que le contesté a mi madre. Escondimos en mi cuarto todo lo que nos habían enviado los Miller, y me concentré en escribirles una carta en respuesta. Una vez finalizada, fui con mi madre a entregarla a los agentes de comprobación, así como a dar el visto bueno para que empezaran con la tramitación de los papeles de la familia Miller. ","Summary":" 1. Recuerdos No sabíamos cuándo volveríamos a vernos, pero sabíamos que aquel… no sería nuestro últ"},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Author":"German Beauty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7686446","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One day I decided me and my little sister should move to Cuba. I decided that because it was getting hard for me to support me and her and I know my dad had a very close family friend there. But he would never go back there because his first love, my mom got killed there and he doesn't want us to go there either. So I'm going to buy everything we need and not tell him, but I already know he will find out and call me and start yelling. But, it is totally worth it. - Me and Suzie are here in Havana, Cuba. We are on the way to the Suarez's house. When we get there I see the same old house and I remember it, but my sister is not my sister she is half American, half Cubin and I'm full Cubin it's hard. But we get through it, so I went up to the gate and said \"Hola.\" \" Hola,\" said the little girl. \"Es Anita Suarez aqui?\" I asked the little girl. The lady I believe to be Senora Suarez said \"Hola soy Anita y eres?\" \" Mi nombre es Carolina y mi Hermana Suzie, somos el Senor Martinez de la hija's.\" Suzie was looking back and forth between us so confused. Then, she said \"Carolina what did you just say you know I don't know Spanish that well.\" \" I was just telling Senora Suarez who we were and who's daughter's we were.\" \"Oh and thanks you now I can't keep up when you speak Spanish.\" Senora Suarez starts to open up the gate and a few men come out and ask \"who is this mother?\" \" Boys this is Senor Martinez's daughters, there going to be staying with us for a while. So why don't you be kind young men and help them with their bags.\" \" Oh no Senora we fine handling are own bags it's the least we can do because you're letting us stay with you.\" But the men kept walking forth and helped us anyway. Even after what I said. But, when they helped us get everything inside. The go and put are stuff into are room we sleep in the same room, but I really don't care cause we did it before to. After everything got settled down we all went into the living room. They asked me \"why did I decided to come back all?\" And I really didn't know how to answer it but I finally said \"because I can't hide because of what happened when I was 17. Also, I know you're looking at my sister, but before you ask she is my sister but she's half American and half Cubin.\" \" Carolina why should is matter if I was American or not, what are you not telling me.\" \" Suz, there is something I've been keeping from you and it's all of us in this room have lost someone to Batista I've lost my mother, the boys lost their father and Senora lost her husband.\" And Suz looked at all of us and I looked around and said \"wait is Javier?\" \" Maybe if you turn around you will see, beautiful.\" And when I turned around I saw Javier just standing there in that hot waitress uniform. Before they even said anything I was up and out of my sit hugging me and that's when I realized I really missed him and everyone here. \" Well I see you missed me a lot.\" All he did was look me over and then I went and sat back down next to Suzie and the only space open was next to me. So after we all talked me and her got up and went to are room because I remember that there is the Cuban club and when before I moved I used to go to the club every night and dance with Javier. But we finally get done and me and Suzie are dressed in this .com/cgi/set?id=41446669 . So we walked down the stairs and saw the boys getting ready to leave for the club and then I said \"are you really going to leave us here boys?\" They then turn around and see are outfits and one of them started to wolf whistle and I just keep walking down the stairs and so does Suzie. But, as soon as we leave we start walking to club and I ask \"are they still king and queen?\" \"Yes.\" And Suzie is so confused she's never been to a Cuban club before and I say \"the king and queen get one dance and it's only them on the dance I remember when it was my last night me and Javier was king and queen. It was so funny because he ended up grinding on me. Remember that Javier.\" \"Yea it was fun and then I picked you up at the end.\" Flashback It was the night before I was going to leave we were dancing then everyone got off the dance floor I just knew me and Javier was the King and Queen that night and we started to dance, by the end I was laughing. (I didn't want to go into detail so this is what we looked like but the girl looks Cubin instead of American .com/watch?v=8XY96Qm8vfQ) Then at the end everyone started to dance again on the dance floor. End of Flashback \"Wow I remember that night and it was super fun, but then I left and went to America.\" And I felt someone put there arm around me and I looked and saw it was Javier who put there arm around me. Then I put my head on his shoulder and asked \"so….how is your crappy job being a waiter?\" \"It sucks because today someone knocked into me so I spilt the drinks and this one girl called me a stupid spic.\" I turned and looked at him and said \"you know you're not a stupid spic.\" And I leaned up and kissed his cheek. And then he looked at me and kept on walking to the club. And after a few more minutes we finally got there and he walked and opened the door for me. As soon as the saw me they said \"the King and Queen are back together again.\" So me and Javier went to the dance and started to dance like old times and it never seemed like we ever stopped because we got into beat all over again. I then asked \"do you still remember everything that happened the last time I was here?\" And he looked at me and just said yes.\" I felt kind of better, but what if when I left he found someone else. So all we did was dance and then again everyone got off the dance floor and we had the King and Queen Dance again and it was great. Then, we just drank, talked and danced all night. But then we had to leave because Suzie starts school tomorrow at some preppy school. But I see the way we moved and I realized I still loved him more than anything. I know you probly hate me right now because I did a cliff hanger but if you review then I will right another chapter.[Chapter 2] I woke up and looked at the time and it said 6:30, so I got up and went to Suzie's bed and woke her up cause I know today was her first day of school. For her it was her last year at school and then she comes to the real world or goes to college, which I hope she chooses because she has the potential for it. But then she brings up of why didn't I go to college, but I never went because I had her to take care and she is way more important than my education. But I get up off the bed and go shake her and said \"Suz you got to get up it's your first day of school, come on sweetie.\" But she wakes up and just stairs at me and asked \"why do I have to go to school, you didn't.\" But I was just going to say something when Senora Suarez came in and said \"because you want that education don't you and it doesn't matter what your sister did, because she didn't have time she was too busy making sure you had clothes on your back and food in month. And that's what family is.\" So I turned and asked \"is anyone else awake?\" And she looked at me and said \"no and I tried to wake the boys up cause they need to get ready for work.\" So I get and say \"don't worry I'll go get them up, but just help her with that dress that she has to wear, please.\" But before she says anything I'm already up and walking out of the room and walking to the boy's room. But I don't even walk I just walk in and I say \"come on get up right now or you're going to be late to your jobs and so am I.\" The first one awake was Javier and he asked \"what are you doing?\" And I said looking at him \"I'm going to be working at Hotel Oceana, as a waitress.\" He looks at me for a few minutes and says \"wow were going to be working at the same place, maybe I should show you the way,\" he said and winked and I just laughed and turned away and started to walk away and said \"do you mind walking me and my sister to her school.\" \"What is her school and then I will know.\" He said, so I thought about it trying to remember the name and said \"Rockwood and I feel bad cause since she look so American, instead of Cuban, they wouldn't take her in to the school I went to so know I'm going to die trying to pay the bills. But, I don't care as long as she gets a great education. Does that sound selfish?\" I asked. And I look at him hoping I didn't sound selfish, but then he gave me a look that said 'are you crazy.' So I said \"okay then but be ready cause she has school at 8:15 and I want her to be on time for the first day of school.\" But all he did was nod, so I walked out of the room and started to walk back to mine and Suzie's. So when I got there I opened the door and saw her in her dress thing and she looked really cute. But then I looked at the time and saw it was 7:05 and I knew I had to start getting ready. So I started and first put on a under shirt then I pulled on my black dress pants went and started to do my make-up and did my hair. So after I did all that and put on my button up shirt it was 7:30, so I went into the bathroom and saw Suzie trying to do her own so I said \"Suz you know I would have helped you if you asked right.\" And she turned and said \"can you please help me.\" So I went and grabbed the make-up from her hand and started to put it on her. But as soon as I got done there was a knock at the door and Javier's voice came through the door \"come on guys its 7:40, if you want breakfast you better come out now.\" And I heard his footsteps start walking down the hall so I go and open the door and start to walk out and Suzie was right behind me. So I start walking down the stairs and she follows and after we get down we start walking to the kitchen and I said \"do we have a coffee made?\" And I see Javier pouring himself a cup, so I walk over to him and take it and start to drink from it and all he did was look at me with that look that said 'what the hell are you doing'. So I just keep on drinking it so he goes and grabs another and pours himself another cup and said \"you do know was my cup right.\" And I just look at him with 'do u think I'm stupid look' and kept on drinking it and then I looked at the time and saw it said \"crap guys come on its 7:50 we have to go.\" So we all go and walk out the front door and out the gate. But we start walking and we got there at 8:00 and I said \"okay you know where to go right.\" And she just looked and said \"yes.\" So I hug her one last time and I hear a girl ask her \"why where you walking and hugged a spic?\" But before I turn around Javier puts his arm around me and said \"don't let her bother you.\" And we just kept on walking. *Time jump* So me and Javier got out at 2:00 and we started to walk home so we can get out of our work clothes. So when we get home I walk up to my bed room and down stairs and see him with a white under shirt and a button up dark blue shirt on top with gray dress pants and those dog tags he wears all the time. But my outfit was a lot different than his I was wearing a black tube top and dark wash skinny jeans and black knee high boots. So we go back out and start walking around but then we hear Cuban music so we follow it and we see tons of people listen and dancing to it. So me and Javier walk up and me being me start slightly dancing to the music by swaying my hips back and forth and he walks over and starts dancing in the middle of it and it was fun. But he then stops and looks up and I'm right next to him, so he says \"umm Carolina your sister is here.\" So I turn and see her standing there watching us, so me and Javier walk up to here and I say \"I thought I told you to go home.\" But she looks at me and said \"I did I've been walking home for a hour trying to find my way.\" But I stare at her and said \"okay let us just go say goodbye to everyone and we can go.\" But she didn't seem like she wanted us to and she said \"no I'll find my way home.\" \"No cause you won't show up for a week or a month or so.\" But she doesn't say anything else so we walked over and said goodbye and he went and grabbed his shirt. So we walk over and we start to walk but we walk through a group singing and he already took her bag because it might be heavy. But they were singing in Spanish and she thought it sounded nice but she doesn't know what they're saying. But me and Javier heard a horse sound so we turn and look and said we should get off the streets to her. And she asked \"why?\" I look at her and said \"Suz you don't understand what there sing.\" So I grabbed her hand with my other one because Javier already had my other one. So we start walking through the crowd and we see them coming from everyone way so we tried running. But, are guard grabbed Javier and me and he had me by my waist and she kept trying to help me but I yelled at her to run that way pointing straight ahead and she started to run. But they still had a firm grip on us and we told them that we were just passing through with my little sister and after I really don't know how long they finally let us go. So we started to make are way home, and after walking for a while we finally got home and he opened the gate and we walked in and opened the front door to. So we walked through and we tackled with hugs and the first thing Suzie said to me was \"why did you tell me to run when they grabbed you and Javier?\" I looked at her and said \"because you don't look Cuban and I didn't want you to have to see your sister get harassed like that. Also, I wouldn't be able to see you get harassed like that.\" But everyone agreed with me too cause we all have been through that. But, she says \"I'm seventeen.\" And I looked at her and said \"I wouldn't care if you were 20 I still wouldn't allow it because I went through it and I know what they do.\" So after I said that she was didn't ask anymore. But I could tell she was mad about that and I really didn't care. After everything we realized it was late at night and I was so tired, but thank god Suz already went to bed and now me and Javier are heading up to and I said \"goodnight Javier\" and hugged him and gave him a kiss one the cheek and he said \"goodnight Carolina\" and he hugged me back and after we stopped. I opened my bedroom door and went and side and he was already walking down the hall way. So I closed it and got into my sleep wear and went to sleep. AN: Everything is on my profile the outfits and dances.[Chapter 3] I wake up in the middle of the night crying and it's been awhile since that happened. But my dream was about when we left Cuba and I went to go see Javier and he heard the gate so he came to see who was there. So he then saw me with my eyes bright red from crying so much and I said \"I'm going to miss you.\" But as soon as I said that he started to walk over and said \"I'm going to miss you too.\" As soon as I looked at him in the eyes I said \"I'm taking you with me.\" And he said \"I'm keeping you here.\" And he leaned and brushed are lips together and after we just had our foreheads touching. But I felt someone tapping me and I looked up and saw Suzie standing there and I just said \"go back to bed Suz, you have school in the morning. Also don't worry, really I'm fine.\" I looked at her and saw that she looked like she's been crying to and I asked \"why are you crying?\" But she looks at me and said \"cause I think I know why your crying. Was it when we left Cuba and you went and said goodbye to Javier?\" All I did was just nodded my head, I couldn't speak. But she didn't asking anymore, all she did was hug me why I cried like she did when we first left for nights and nights on end. But I think I was crying a little to loud cause there was a knock at the door and Suzie got up to answer it. I looked at her and mouthed 'who is it?' and she mouthed back 'the boys.' All I did was start to cry more and Suzie came running over to me and hoped on the bed and I cried more into her shoulder. But we didn't here them walk in and I felt someone pick me up and put me on the there lap and all I do is start to cry in the persons chest. After awhile I stopped crying and looked up and saw the worried face of Javier staring down at me and I look away and get up and walk into the bathroom and I call in Suzie and she comes walking in the bathroom and asks \"what do you need Car?\" I looked at her and said \"can you get my work clothes out of dryer please Suz.\" So she nods and walks out the bathroom door and I turn on the water for a shower and strip down, I hop in the shower. But as soon as I finsh doing what I need to do I get out and wrap the towel around me and walk out into the hall and I see Javier there and I *gasp*. So he turns around and sees me only in a towel, so I blush bright red and start walking to my bedroom and walk in to my room. So, I see my work outfit there with new bra and panties that were lacy, and I scream \"what the hell.\" All I hear is tons of feet coming running down the hall and some one opens the door and runs of to me and I look and see Suz and Javier there. I look at Suz and say \"what the hell did you do to my undergarments, Suzie?' But she just looks at me and she says \"well you needed them if you ever become sexual active, I really don't think you want granny panties on.\" As soon as she says that I'm completely lost. So I do the next best thing and say \"why should that matter, Suz? So it turn and see all the boys mouth opening and I say \"close your mouth's you might catch flies in there, boys.\" I then give them a look that says 'get the fuck out of the room,' and they ran out of the room and went to get ready for work. After I got down getting dressed and ready, I went downstairs to get some breakfast. So I walked down and saw Suz's face she looked like she was going to cry. I walked over very quickly and kneeled down in front of you and said \"Suz what's wrong?\" All she did was look at me and stare, so I looked at everyone else and they had the same look and I asked \"can someone please tell me, what's wrong?\" Carlos looked at me first and said \"Carolina, Suz got a call and her mom died.\" \"What, but she was fine when we left, oh my god. Suz you can stay from school today. But you know I would stay home, but we need the money. Love you sis.\" All she did was nod and walk back up the stairs and I looked at Javier and said \"we need to get going if we want to be on time.\" So I started to walk to the door, and I didn't even turn back, I just kept walking. Will I was walking I started to think back to that summer, when me and Javier got really close and had a great time with just messing around with us trying to teach Suz, how to dance Cuban, and was that hard? Yes it was cause I remember she put her hands on her hips and he looked at her and said \"what are these?\" Putting his hands on hips. So I just watching it and she just looked at him like her was funny and said \"hips.\" \"Well then move your hips.\" He said so I started to laugh cause his voice got really high on hips. So he then said \"move them in a circle, circle,\" but instead of moving in a circle, she was moving in a square and he said \"that's a square.\" So, I saw he was getting frustrated so I got up and stood in front of her and said \"close your eyes.\" \"Why?\" she said. So I grabbed her hips and tried to move her hips only but she kept moving her whole body. So I just got mad and the side of her and put one hand on her stomach and the other on her lower back and tried to move her and she freaked out and opened her eyes and said \"wow do you have to be so a guy?\" So I just laughed at that cause that is funny. Then I realized we were at work I didn't now I was thinking that long. Time Jump I felt someone tap my shoulder and I turn and see Javier and Suz, there I say \"hey what's up and this most be important if you came?\" \"We just came to walk you home since you had to take too shifts.\" So I looked at them and said \"thanks, for worrying about me, but I'm fine really.\" ","Summary":" One day I decided me and my little sister should move to Cuba. I decided that because it was gettin"},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"Represent Cuba","Author":"Savannah Rivers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6282169","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Represent Cuba In 1965, seven years Katey has graduated from High school and is in her senior year at University of Miami. Javier and his family escape to Florida seven years as Katey is in her senior year. Katey has majored in International Relations, Dance and business. Dirty dancing to be exact. Katey owns a club called \"Hermosa Habana\" which means Beautiful Havana in Spanish. Her family made the business and its great until Katey sees Javier. Life takes a whole new journey once Javier is back in her life. \"Susie, what should I wear tonight?\" Katey held up an emerald green dress, a short and modest dress. Then she picked up the red dress that was very short and flattering. \"Red. Definitely red.\" Susie breathed. \"You know, I never gave this red dress back to the lady in Cuba. This is the dress I danced with Javier the first time in.\" Katey sighed. \"You need to move on Katey. I bet Javier has already found somebody already. Katey, you know he would want you to be happy.\" Susie prospered herself back on her elbows on her bed. \"You're the host and co-business owner with me for Hermosa Habana and you have a nice house and everything you could ever want.\" \"Susie, you're so young and naive.—\" \"Also you graduated from UM in motions. You know, for dancing. You're beautiful and don't take any crap from anyone.\" Katey looked at Susie like she was crazy. \"What, Katey?\" \"I love Javier. If I ever saw him again I bet we could pick up where we left off.\" Katey spat. Katey felt her attitude change everyday ever since two years ago, when the five year mark hit. Her happiness was down the drain and her actions were going to spiral out of control soon. \" LOVED him Katey. Now you have to accept he's not coming back. He's either dead or found somebody new.\" Susie said. Susie was smiling in her mind because she was actually jealous of Katey. She kind of enjoyed Katey's company especially when it was in Susie's favor. Katey was determined to ignore her because she knew she currently loved him. \"I love him.\" Katey whispered to herself. \"Ugh, your soooo selfish. Bitch…\" Susie ran out of the room pretending to cry. \"Oh, Javier, how I miss you.\" Katey cried into her pillow. Eight o' clock that same night. \"Hello! Welcome to Beautiful Havana, would you like to sit and enjoy one of our delicious Cuban dinners? Hola! Bienvenidos a la Hermosa Habana, le gusta sentarse y disfrutar de una de nuestras cenas deliciosas cubana?\" Katey repeated. \"Si, mi hija y me gustaria que se Sentara cerca de la pista de baile por favor?\" Yes, my daughter and I would like to be seated near the dance floor please? The gentlemen said. \"Si, senor y senorita. Sigueme por favor.\" Katey brought the father and daughter to a table for two about five steps from the dance floor. The girl had olive colored skin and pale blue eyes. Her dark brown was long and tousled looking. She looked about fifteen/fourteen years old. She was socially awkward, as far as Katey could tell. The father was quite the opposite. Light brown hair with brown eyes and pale. \"Te gustaria empezar con un aperitivo y una bebida?\" Would you like to start off with a appetizer and a drink? Katey asked. \"Yes. I would like a mojito with two leaves of mint. Catalina, what do you want?\" \"I would like water please.\" \"Okay, is there anything else?\" Katey asked. \"Your dress is very lovely.\" Catalina commented. \"Thank you. I lived in Cuba for a short period of time and well, that's how the dress got to America. Okay, I'll be out within a couple of minutes to give you your drinks.\" Katey smiled and walked off. \"Dad, after a few sips of drink, want to dance?\" Catalina asked. \"I'm bringing you here so I don't have to get a baby-sitter for you while I'm dancing. Now shut up and when our food comes, eat it.\" Catalina slouched into her chair and refused to cry. She was used to this treatment but it still hurt. \"Excuse me.\" \"Where do you think you're going?\" \"Restroom to wash up.\" Catalina rushed to the bathroom, bumping into a waiter on the way to there. She knocked over the drinks and her outfit also got wet. \"Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry. Oh, Lord.\" She kneeled down and started picking up the glass with the waiter. \"Don't worry about it Miss. It's okay. Please go back to your seat or wherever you were headed to in such a hurry.\" \"Ouch. Dang it.\" Catalina had nicked herself with some of the glass. She looked up to the waiter and was stunned. The boy had medium dark brown hair and the prettiest brown eyes you ever seen. He also had olive colored skin but was a lot more tan then she. \"Ooh ma'am, please before you cut yourself some more.\" Catalina gathered a few more bits before stopping. \"I'm so sorry. Here allow me to pay for the damage.\" Catalina drug out her pocketbook and almost opened it until Katey came over there. \"Enrique, que paso aqui? Esta todo bien?\" Enrique, what happened here? Is everything OK? Katey asked. \"Si senora. Yo era muy torpe y me golpeo en Enrique. Pido disculpas por los danos y la voy a pagar yo mismo. Aqui vamos a obtener mi billetera.\" \"Don't worry I speak English. Miss, the way you can pay us off is to hit the dance floor with a partner.\" Katey smiled. \"Ma'am excuse me? I don't know how to dance.\" Catalina hung her head low and moved nervously in the same spot. \"That's okay…?\" \"Cat Daniels.\" \"I'm Katey Miller and I own Hermosa Habana. Miss Daniels, this is how you can pay us back. Since the mess is cleaned up, were going to clean your cut up and your hitting the dance floor with a partner. Enrique will be your partner.\" Katey put a hand over Enrique's shoulder and smiled warmly. \"Yes ma'am. I'll be out in a moment.\" Catalina before Catalina could take another step a hand wrapped around her arm. It was her father and he was hurting her he was grabbing so hard. \"What the hell do you think you were doing? Huh \" I'm going to beat the living hell out of you! How dare you! Catalina's father said. \"Sir, please calm down and let go of her arm.\" Katey said in a low mean voice. \"Fine. Let's go Catalina Maria Valencia! You are in deep trouble now!\" Her father demanded. \"Dad, I have to pay for these drinks and glasses. I'm sorry.\" \"You're not sorry. Go to the car. NOW.\" \"Sir, please. It was accident. She did nothing wrong. The restaurant will pay for the damage sir. Please let us show you some of our decorates.\" \"No. My daughter and I are leaving. Forget our drinks.\" The man left. The daughter followed but Katey caught up to her. \"Hey, Cat. Please take my card. Here's my number both personal and work.\" \"Dammit, Lady we're leaving. Leave my daughter alone.\" \"Thank you Ma'am.\" Cat whispered. Not even five minutes the club gets back to normal. Boom! Boom! Boom! Until they heard three gun shots.[Chapter 2] Represent Cuba Chapter 2 Four hours earlier \"Dammit, Catalina, where are the hookers when you need them the most?\" Nick Daniels, Cat's father said. He was a good looking man, but if you got to know him on Cat's level, he was the evilest bastard on the planet. \"I want an answer Catalina. Do you want me to use my hand or do you prefer my belt?\" Nick demanded. \"I don't know, daddy.\" Catalina muttered. \"What did you say?\" \"I don't know, daddy.\" \"WHAT DID YOU SAY? SAY IT RIGHT THIS TIME!\" \"On the street corner with mom.\" Cat cried. Silent tears flowed from her eyes because she knew would get slapped for crying. Valencia ( aka Valerie) Luna-Daniels was the most beautiful woman Cat had ever seen. Valerie's long dark brown hair and pale blue eyes with tanned skin. Cat was spitting image of her mother. Her mother liked to read and write, whereas Cat did too. Valerie was with Nick for three years before they got married. He was a nice guy from old pictures she had seen and handsome too. They were going on their third anniversary when Valerie learned she was pregnant. But this baby wasn't born. When he found out he went on a rampage and started drinking. When she was seven months pregnant she had an emergency C-section because Nick pushed her down the stairs. She ended losing the baby. She stayed with him for a few more weeks when Nick was in court ordered therapy while he was in jail. When he got out he apologized to his wife. She loved him and didn't want to be alone for the rest of her life so she stayed with him. When she found out she was pregnant with Cat she ran. She knew if she wanted to protect this child from him, she would have to go away forever. While he was at work she packed all of her stuff, took some money and ran to Miami from New York City. She had family in Miami and knew if he ever found her and her child at least the kid would stay with family. Seven months later Valencia gave birth to a beautiful baby girl. Her name is Catalina Maria Valencia Daniels. Catalina was after her great grandmother Catalina Cortes. Maria was after her grandmother Lina Maria Fausto and Valencia after her mother Valencia Luna. She was born in Miami with her mother and Uncle Ashton. She lived a happy life with her mother and uncle until she was about 12 years old. Nick Daniels had finally found them. Her mother was a computer technician and called in sick that morning. Uncle Ashton had to go to work and Cat had to go school. Valerie wasn't really sick but she wanted to get Cat a present. Cat made A-honor roll and Valerie wanted to celebrate it. A knock on the door changed that. The police said her mother died of a gun shot wound to the torso. The police also said that Nick had an air tight alibi. They said she was murdered in a robbery. Some man broke into her house and shot her in the stomach. It went right through her stomach and punctured her lung. She died five minutes after getting the shot. Cat was in complete shock. When her uncle heard about this he was devastated. So devastated that he couldn't stay alive long enough to protect Cat from Nick. Uncle Ashton died of a drug over dose. She ended up in her father's clutches. Now, at fifteen, life was hell these passed couple of years. Nick was dragging her by the arm back to the car. They were now leaving Hermosa Habana. Cat thought about the nice lady, Katey Miller. Her nice smile. And Enrique. Enrique was cute. He was handsome and strong built. He'd never fall for a girl like me. I bet he's even experienced with girls. Whereas I just stand and watch from a far. Then when Nick and Cat got to the car, Nick slapped her across the face so hard she felt her neck joints pop. The stinging sensation was horrible. \"What the hell are you trying to do?Embarrass the hell out of me? Your an idiot worthless bitch for a daughter. I was stupid to even marry your mother. Good thing the bitch is dead. If you keep acting up you will be lying with her. Guaranteed,.\" Nick slapped across the face again. \"Wait, 'til we get home.\" He then spit on her. He was walking around the backside of the car to get to the drivers door when a black SUV pulled up behind us. Blocking our way out. Three guys with ski masks on got out of the vehicle, except for the driver who remained. \"You think you can treat a young lady like this?\" One of them said. Cat walked from the passenger door to the front and squatted down where she couldn't be seen. \"She's a servant of mine who acted like an idiot. You wouldn't understand. And you need to move your car, you're blocking my way out.\" \"Well I understand this. All human beings need to be treated equally. Except for scum bags like you. How dare you treat a young lady with such disrespect?\" \"You know what? I don't give a F*** about you. Move your damn car and I won't rear end you.\" \"You know boys I think we need to teach this guy a little more respect to the Recinos gang.\" The guy who was talking to Nick pulled out a semi-automatic hand gun. It was super scary for Cat to watch. \"Hey young lady. Come around.\" Cat did what she was told to do because she was scared. \"I want you to stand here and watch this man suffer. Okay?\" \"Cat run into the restaurant and get help.\" Nick said. \"Cat is it? Well Cat don't you want this man to suffer for what he's done to you?\" \"Don't listen to him. Cat do what I told you!\" Nick shouted. \"Here,\" the man told Cat to hold out her hands. When she did she was told too. \"Now take the gun and point it at the man who hurt you over and over again.\" Cat stood frightened stricken and couldn't move. She didn't take the gun neither did she run away. \"Take it.\" \"Run Cat.\" \"Take it.\" \"Run CAT!\" There they kept pressuring her to do things. She felt light headed and about fainted when she heard three gun shots. The three men in black ski masks took off in the black SUV and Cat's dad fell to the ground. Thank God, the guy in the black took the gun back with him. She stood there. Katey Miller and Enrique and everybody else rushed out side to see what was going on. All they found was a scared girl and a dead body. Katey took off her shoes and ran towards the two of them. \"Cat what happened?\" Katey didn't care about Nick but because he was the only one injured, and Katey wasn't about to scratch her smooth reputation. She knelt by him and yelled for somebody to call the police. \"Enrique, es esta la bala de la banda Recinos? Es su casquillo firma?\" Enrique, is this the bullet of the Recinos gang? It's their signature shell casing? Katey asked. \"No Katey, es definitivamente no.\" No Katey, it's definitely not. Enrique said. \"Do you have any-\" The rest of what Katey said was drowned out by sirens of the ambulance. The Cat fainted. Author's note: Please review! Thanks and have an awesome day! -Savvy[Chapter 3] Cat slowly stirred in her slumber. She couldn't really remember everything that happened last night. Now she started to realize her surroundings. She was in the hospital. Miami Dade General Hospital. She heard a knock and a nurse entered. \"Hey, girly, how are you feeling?\" The nurse comes in and picks up Cat's chart and takes another glance at Cat. \"I'll be right back.\" The nurse left for a brief period and then came back with two people. A man and a woman. The man was very muscular with broad shoulders and thinning hair. The woman was a very petite brunette with green eyes. They didn't look so happy to be there. \"Hey, Catalina, I'm Detective David Hernandez and this is my partner Detective Lina Richardson. We come to ask you a few questions.\" Detective Richardson sat down beside me on the bed and Detective Hernandez stood at the foot of my bed. Cat looked a little nervous by clutching the bed sheet beside her. \"I know this is difficult but can you tell me what happened yesterday?\" Cat was starting to get cold but she had to tell them. \"We went to this dance place that was also a restaurant called Hermosa Habana. My dad was already mad—\" \"What was your dad mad about?\" \"We were driving around and he wanted a hooker.\" \"Did he make you participate in any manner?\" \"No, he didn't. He was too ashamed of me to do anything.\" Cat's eyes were fixing to burst out with tears. \"Alright continue please.\" \"And we ordered drinks and I asked him if we could go dancing. He told me no. Then I stood up and on my way to the bathroom I bumped into this guy, a waiter named Enrique, and the glasses broke. I cut myself and the owner of the restaurant told me that in order to pay her off for the broken glass was to dance with Enrique. Anyway, Nick grabbed my arm and got into an argument with the owner than he dragged me out. As we were getting in the car a black SUV pulled up and a couple of guys pulled up. Three guys in ski masks jumped out of the car. I went and hid in the front of the car and I heard the one who called to Nick first he was talking to him. I can't remember what he said though. Then he said something about a gang maybe? I don't know. I can't remember. Then I remember the man calling to me to come back there. He told me to take something from his hand and Nick told me to run inside the restaurant to get help. I don't remember moving and then I heard gunshots. I don't remember what happened after that. I'm sorry.\" Cat was on the verge of bawling. Her voice started cracking and she wiped her face with shaky hands. \"Okay, well here is my card,\" Detective Richardson said. \"If you want to share anything please give me a call. Thank you for your time.\" They stood up and left the room. The nurse was still standing in the corner getting a syringe ready. \"What is that for?\" Cat asked. \"You haven't had your booster shot. We will go ahead and give it to you. I'm surprised you're in school with no booster shot from your 7th grade.\" She poked Cat with the needle and finished it. The nurse left and about 15 minutes later Cat heard a knock on the door. \"Hello? Cat?\" A woman was standing at the door. \"Remember me? Katey Miller the owner of Hermosa Habana?\" \"Yes ma'am. I remember. How are you doing?\" \"The question is not for me. It's for you. How are you doing?\" \"I'm doing okay. What happened to Nick?\" \"Um, I don't think I should be the one to tell you.\" \"Please? I want to know if I am going to hell again.\" Katey left her values and virtues alone for this one. \"Nick . . . died. He died from 3 gunshot wounds. You will not have to worry about him anymore.\" Katey sat down next to Cat on the bed and smoothed out the sheets in one spot. \"How is Enrique?\" Katey smiled a little smile. \"He is doing okay. He said he was going to come by and see you later. I know this is weird since we met but if you do not have anywhere else to go, you can come stay with me. Temporarily or permanently.\" \"Thank you. I think I will take you up on your offer. I don't have any family. My mother and uncle are dead and my grandmother, I don't even know her name.\" Cat looked down. \"Hey, ¿cómo va a lidiar con la muerte de su padre?\" Hey, how are you going to cope with your father's death? Katey asked Cat. \"Él no era mi padre ... Por lo que a mí respecta estaba muerto para mí desde el día en que fue concebido.\" He wasn't my father...As far as I'm concerned he was dead to me since the day I was conceived. Cat said bitterly. \"Well, let me see if the nurse will let me check you out.\" \"No, wait. I don't want to leave just yet. Can you give me a few moments alone?\" Katey nodded and left. Cat stared out the window and closed her eyes. She fell asleep. She had never gotten such a good night's sleep. Nobody was there to wake her up by slapping her, punching her, pulling her hair, and other horrible things. Sleep in heavenly Peace. -Like it? Please hit the story alerts or author alerts. Want to say something? Leave a comment or concern by clicking the review button. Hoped you enjoyed it, have a good one-Savvy[Chapter 4] \" Take the gun.\" \" Run Cat!\" \" Take the gun.\" \" Don't do it! Run Cat!' BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! \" Nobody messes with the Recinos gang. Nobody.\" \" .Miguel, ¿qué hacemos con Enrique?\" Miguel, what do we do about Enrique? \" Él va a estar bien. Ahora entrar en el coche!\" He is going to be fine. Get in the car! \"Cat? Cat? Wake up! Cat!\" Cat felt hands on her arms and face. She was tossing and turning and squealing. As if she was having a night terror. \"Ahh!\" Cat popped up and sweat was just pouring down her forehead. Her chest was sighing heavily and her hair was sopping wet. Then Cat noticed who was around her. The nurse who came in earlier, her name is. . Rosemary. Katey Miller from Hermosa Habana, Detective David Hernandez and Detective Lina Richardson. Another figure was in the corner and Car couldn't really see him. \"Are you okay? Cat are you okay?\" Whoever asked Cat that touched her and arm and she quickly yanked away. \"Get your grubby hands off of me! Leave me alone!\" Cat yelled. Everyone kind of backed away except Katey and the detectives. Detective Richardson and Detective Hernandez looked at each other briefly. \"Cat, do you think you can answer a few more questions?\" Detective Richardson asked. \"Um, I guess so.\" \"Excuse us. We will only be a few minutes.\" Everybody looked at Hernandez and then slowly they slipped out. \"I need to ask you something. Did any of the men with masks, did they say anything to a name? Did they say a name?\" They both looked at Cat and Cat just faced the window next to her bed. \"I don't remember.\" \"It's okay, just take your time.\" Cat thought hard. She thought she heard a name in her dream. Reynosa . . . maybe. . . Renato maybe. \"Something with a R in the beginning. I can't remember the name though. I'm sorry detectives.\" Cat looked at Hernandez and then back to Richardson. \"Okay. If you need anything please call us. Do you still have that card I gave you?\" Cat nodded her head. \"Alright, I'll see you later.\" Then both detectives were gone just like that. Cat rubbed her face with her hands and felt the cold sweat. She leaned back downward and took a deep breath. \"Hey, Cat.\" The figure Cat couldn't figure out was now walking towards her. He had dark chocolate brown hair and the darkest brown eyes anybody could dream of. He had nice tan skin, which was kind of hot. He was muscular but not too built and was tall. \"Do you remember me?\" He sat down next to her bed and grabbed her hand. \"Uh, yes, I do remember you. Enrique…I met you when I was at Hermosa Habana. Thanks for stopping by and seeing me.\" She smiled. He smiled back in a weird chuckle. \"Yes, I definitely remember you. So, Katey tells me that you are considering moving in with her. Is that true?\" \"I am thinking about it. I mean, I have no friends and no family to stay with. Why?\" Cat sat back up suspiciously. \"Reason being is because I live with her and her sister, Susie. My mother also lives with us.\" \"Wow, that's sounds like a full house.\" \"I've been living with Katey for a couple of years now.\" Enrique sat down beside her on the bed. \"How old are you now?\" \"I am fixing to turn 17 in a couple of months. How about yourself?\" He asked. \"I just turned 15 a couple of months ago. Why are you living with Katey?\" Cat wondered. Had he been in the same situation? \"My mother worked for Katey when it first opened then she was killed in a car crash.\" \"What about your father?\" \"He was a part of a group I don't need to speak of. He's the leader now. He's dead to me though.\" Enrique looked away for a brief moment then returned his attention back to Cat. \"I'm sorry to hear about your father. I—\" \"He wasn't a father,\" Cat turned her head and her voice started cracking but was serious. \"He was not a father. He was a monster. And don't feel sorry for me. By all means don't because I can take care of myself. I have been for the last couple of years now.\" Cat looked back at Enrique. \"He was a monster,\" She said in a low tone. She then looked at Enrique was a very intent look in her eye. \"Why are you really hear Enrique? Is it to get me to move elsewhere besides with Katey? If it is, then it's not working. I'm coming to live with you all.\" Cat said. \"No, I actually came here for two things. Number one: See how you were doing. Number two: To just talk.\" \"We just met yesterday and you want to talk?\" Cat asked in disbelief. \"Yes, I figured if we are going to be in the same household together then we should get to know each other. Besides, you looked like you needed to talk to somebody. So, I am being friendly.\" \"There's not going to be any funny business around here is there?\" \"Not if you don't want any. Then there won't be any.\" Enrique laughed. \"What? You are kind of confusing me.\" Cat giggled. Enrique pulled up her hand and laid down a kiss on her hand. \"We wouldn't want that now would we?\" Enrique winked. The nurse just happened to walk into the room. \"Hey, Cat, are you feeling any better?\" \"Yeah, I do actually.\" \"Well after you see your doctor today, I think you'll be able to go home.\" The nurse smiled and left the room. \"Cat, what is your name? Full name I mean.\" \"It's Catalina Maria Valencia Daniels. Catalina was after my great grandmother. Maria is from my grandmother and Valencia from my mother. Enrique what is your name?\" \"Enrique. . .\" \"Enrique. . .what?\" Just then the doctor came in. \"Hey Cat, all I have to do is check your chart and if your all clear you can go home.\" The doctor looked at Enrique, who was holding Cat's hand, and then at Cat who smiled nervously. \"It looks like your all set. Your ride is outside. Hopefully I won't see you soon. Good luck!\" And with that the doctor left. Cat jumped up out of bed and toward her stack of clothes. \"Enrique, you think you could wait for me outside the room?\" \"Oh yeah sure.\" He left without further hesitation. Cat closed the door and hurriedly got dressed. She was fixing her hair when she accidentally hit her stomach. Wincing in pain, she lifted her shirt just below the breast bone. There was a purple bruise and it starting to yellow around the edges. She quickly yanked down the shirt, fixed her hair, and left the hospital room with Enrique. Once in the elevator they were both quiet. \"After you get settled and all that, do you want to go walk on the beach? By the time you get done un packing and all that you'll need a good break.\" \"Thanks and I'd like that.\" She smiled. Little did she know what she was in for. (A/N: Like it? Please click on the story alerts or the author alerts. Want to tell me something? Please click on the button that says \"Review\" on it. Thanks and I hope you enjoyed it!—Savvy) ","Summary":" Represent Cuba In 1965, seven years Katey has graduated from High school and is in her senior year "},{"Movie":"Gods of Egypt","Title":"Join me in Death","Author":"Scorpion.rose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12201201","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"You are released\" Zaya heard. It was like awakening from a deep dream. A dream of darkness. She tried to breath but she couldn't. Someone grabbed her hand, a strong and careful hand helped her to stand up. Zaya opened her eyes and looked behind. Her body. She had not survived. Her beloved Bek. She wished to come back but Anubis looked into her eyes then she knew she couldn't as nobody can come back from the dead. Bek and her difficult yet happy life were the only things she had and now she had nothing, not even a treasure to grant her an eternal life. She felt miserable, condemned. Anubis let go of her hand. At the least the guardian of the dead had come to her. – What do you offer? – Anubis asked Zaya. He didn't care about treasures, but those were Seth's new laws. – For you Lord Anubis, I have only my smile – Zaya asked feeling grateful to see him despite her sadness. A smile. Smiles were common for the living, but for Anubis… The last smile he saw was a long time ago, from his mother Nephthys, when he was still alive. He appreciated Zaya's smile although she was sad. – So be it – The god said. He wished to comfort that adorable mortal, but instead, he only guided her to the underworld. Zaya was afraid. The underworld was a dark and cold place, like the night. People were regretted. She faced Anubis ready to ask what to do when he said: – That's where your journey begins. Stay with the others and you won't get lost. Your previous life has ended – Anubis said in a cold tone. – Thank you, my lord – Zaya answered with a reverence. She faced the new way ahead. Anubis was right, her past life was over and now she had to be brave for the new one. She followed the dead. She knew Anubis was behind her and out of the blue she felt an urge to look at him again. She could see him by the corner of her eye, but that wasn't enough. She tried to look behind but then she faced down. What was holding her back anyway? She took a deep breath and then she looked at Anubis. His eyes seemed like two burning coals, his skin was black as darkness itself and some of his bones were prominent. For most Anubis was as haunting as a nightmare. But for Zaya he was somehow fascinating. Anubis realized he was being watched and stared at Zaya. She faced the way again, hoping she had not angered the god. For her surprise, Anubis started to walk beside her. Zaya imagined if Anubis had ever had a human form and which it could be. She tried to picture him as a man. For sure he would be really tall. Maybe dark hair and pale skin? A man with red or hazel eyes? He would be a charming man for sure. She looked at him again in a more discreet way. He stared at her. – Have you never seen a god before? – Anubis asked. Zaya trembled. She had angered him! For Horus, could that be worse? – No, I- I haven't my lord – Zaya told him. – I'm sorry I'm not a very good looking god – Anubis smiled. Zaya blushed. She didn't expect that but she was glad he wasn't mad. – Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, my lord. – You have beautiful eyes and a beautiful smile, Zaya – Anubis told her. – Thank you. – You don't have to be so afraid – He told her – Your suffering is over now. – I'm sorry but I don' believe so, Lord of the Underworld. I died as a slave. I have no treasure. Anubis frowned. He hated Seth. He hated his new laws and what they were doing with Ma'at. If only he could do something to help the Lord of the Air, but he was trapped in the underworld, watching the dead he should protect being lost forever. He left Zaya to find another souls that needed him. Zaya thought about her possibilities. Her life, her love and her hope, everything was lost. She felt despair eating her soul slowly. She started to walk slower and slower, until she stopped. She sat on the floor and held her knees. The other dead people didn't stop and Zaya got behind. She cried for a while until she started to feel colder and colder. The surronding air seemed to be freezing. Things became darker until Zaya couldn't see. She fainted.[Chapter 2] \"I told you to stay on the way\" Zaya heard while she was awakening. The first thing she saw was Anubis. He was holding her in his arms. She tried to ask him what happened but her voice made no sound. – I almost lose you – The god caressed her face. His hand was warm and soft, so different of that cold world. He put her on the floor kindly. Anubis passed his arm around Zaya's waist. She leaned on him and stood up slowly, feeling dizzy. When she got better she noticed she was too close to Anubis, holding his arm as he held her waist. It seemed like they were going to dance. It would be awkward to dance with someone so taller than her. What a weird thought! – How do you feel? – She asked her, placing his hand on her lower back. – I can't go – Zaya took a long breath. – Why? – I have no treasure and my soul will be destroyed. – Don't be coward. You must face your judgment. – I am not coward! I just don't want to cease to exist! Zaya's voice was loud. Anubis glared at her and then she realized that wasn't manner to talk to a God. She bowed and almost fell. – Please, forgive me Lord Anubis! I'm sorry! Yes, I'm coward! I'm not strong enough to face my destruction – She sobbed. Anubis stared at the miserable soul before him. After a while, he lifted Zaya and hugged her. Zaya placed her head on his stomach and cried as much as she could. Anubis placed his chin on her head. Her hair smelled like water lilies. They remained embraced for a while. – Don't worry Zaya – Anubis caressed her hair – Even in death destiny may be surprising. – My destiny is doom – Zaya told him, still in his embrace which was so comfortable. He touched her chin. – Can you keep a secret Zaya? – Yes, My lord. – I can't stop the judgments. Sooner or later you and the others will have to face the Balance and receive an unfair sentence. But I'm doing everything I can to delay this moment. It's against the divine law, I know. But so is the new judgment. Would you help me with this mischief? – He asked. – Yes. It would be an honor – Zaya dried her tears and tried to smile. Thanks to Bek she was a master of mischief. – Good. You shall stay with me every time – He smiled back at her, his teeth were like silver. – Thank you, Lord Anubis. – You don't need to call me Lord when we're alone. Come with me – He offered his hand and Zaya took it. – What happened to me? – Zaya asked him. – I can't protect a soul that leaves the way. There are demons in here. Soul eaters. – You've saved my life! I mean… my soul – Zaya bowed at him – Thank you, King of- – You're welcome – He interrupted her – but don't call me this way… I don't like it. Zaya remained silent and Anubis felt guilty. He had been rude. – I'd rather \"Ruler of the Bows\" like you said before – He told her. – Good to know. It's so dark… I can't see anything. The way was filled with shadows and mist. The floor started to crack and Anubis had to pick Zaya up. She put her arms around his neck as he pressed her body against his. They faced each other for a while and then Anubis looked away. – This world is a reflection of the world you came from – Anubis explained – Ra used to shine in here. The hills were green. But now it's… – Hopeless – Zaya whispered. Anubis nodded – Like in the world of the living. – Will the great god Seth ever show his mercy? – Zaya asked. – He never had any mercy. Zaya rested her head on Anubis shoulder. – Things will change - She said - I have faith in you.[Chapter 3] *flash-back* The boy used to take care of his mother's garden. It wasn't easy to raise things in the desert but he was good at it. This boy was wearing a loincloth and his eyes were traced with kohl. His name was Anubis. He seemed to be 7 years old, although he was centuries old. Gods aged slower than humans. Suddenly, someone stepped in the garden and all plants withered with the heat. His father was home. Seth picked Anubis in his arms and stared at him with disapproval. – What are you doing? –Gardening – Anubis whimpered – My son doesn't do gardening! – He said aloud – You're like Osiris! – Seth! – Nephthys flew at them both – She wore a blue and loose dress. Her hair was a long braid. Seth put Anubis on the floor and approached her. – He has soil powers! – He pointed at him – It's Osiris' son isn't it? – No. You also have soil powers! – Ra said my seed wouldn't live! Osiris had you as I had his witch wife before! – I'm not one of your whores! – Nephthys shouted. Seth raised his hand. Anubis turned into a huge dark wolf and bit Seth's pulse. Seth fell and screamed in pain. Nephthys was frightened. – Anubis stop it! PLEASE STOP IT! – Nephthys screamed as she tried to hold her wolf-son. Anubis let go of Seth and turned into a boy again. He had gold blood in his mouth. Seth stood up in pain. His arm was terribly wounded, drenched in gold. Then Seth laughed loudly. – A desert wolf! Well, Maybe I let you be my son – Seth tapped Anubis head. He tried to kiss Nephthys but she didn't face him. – You're spoiling him – Seth said as he left. Nephthys sighed. – Son, why have you done this? – He was going to hurt you, mother – Anubis explained – Father is bad. – Dad had suffered and his heart is hardened – She held his face – Rage is a wicked counselor. We must act with kindness. – But I was kind… to you. Nephthys laughed. – Come here – Nephthys picked him up – You have some lessons to do, my little wolf. She kissed and wrapped him in her sparkling wings. ~ . ~ In fact, Anubis wasn't a cruel deity like Seth, but a protective one like Nephthys. He wasn't sure of who was his real father and he didn't care. Nephthys was his mother and that was enough. – Lord Anubis – Zaya came, her skin was beautiful under the moonlight. She carried some scrolls – These people don't remember who they are. Zaya was helping Anubis with the souls of the dead. He wished to delay their unfair judgments. He enjoyed Zaya's company and beauty. Besides, she was really useful. – They must go the 6th house and wait – He said. Anubis guided them to the boat which was going to the 6th house. Beside it there was another boat. In there People were weeping in panic. – What happened to them? – Zaya asked Anubis. – They're victims of violent death. As the boat goes by they'll recover. – This is terrible – Zaya said. – Death is not so terrible Zaya, Life is. In death their torment is over – Anubis said, embracing her shoulder. In death, there was no slavery. No war. No pain. Only the memories of their beloved ones. Zaya agreed. – You were alone – Zaya told him – Are you fine? – I am. She looked at his face. He seemed nostalgic. – Were you missing someone? The Goddess Hathor? – Why would I miss Hathor? – I don't know… There are tales… He laughed. – No. Lady Hathor is stunning but we had nothing to do with each other. In fact, Anubis had an unanswered crush on Hathor in the past. – So, you're single? – Zaya smiled. – Are you interested in me ? – Anubis told her, his breath reached her neck and she shivered. Zaya blushed. She was a dead-married woman! She couldn't be interested in the fascinating wolf god, for Horus' wings! – Sorry. That was inopportune – He moved away from her. – You're not inopportune. Zaya wished to say how perfect and sweet he was and that only a very dumb goddess would not be interested in him. But she didn't. – I miss my mother – Anubis faced the river. – I know this feeling – She held his arm – When I was younger my mother wished to marry me with a man I didn't love. I've run away from home and I never saw her again. I think about her every single day. I bet she hates me. – You're too lovely to be hated, Zaya – Anubis held her hand and they smiled. There was a loud thud. Anubis pulled Zaya close and then another wolf god appeared. He was as white as the moon and carried a bow and arrows on his back. He looked like a hunter and his name was Wepwawet – the god opener of the ways. – Anubis, they want more souls. They demand me to open the way to the hall immediately – Wepwawet was upset. – Open it, but I won't send anyone to doom – Anubis remarked. – It will only make the Balance worse – the silver wolf-god told him – What if we send the bad ones first? – We'd have to judge them first and that's not our function. – Excuse me Lords of the unseen world – Zaya interrupted them with reverence – Maybe you could send the rich ones first. Anubis and Wepwawet faced each other. That was a brilliant idea. The judges would notice it later but it would take time. – Zaya, Help me to separate the slaves– Anubis turned to Wepwawet – You have my permission. Zaya nodded and left. – She's smart and beautiful. She likes you – Wepwawet said and gave a mischievous smile to Anubis. – She's a mortal. – The Greeks don't care about that – The silver wolf played with an arrow – They have a lot of fun.[Chapter 4] Anubis gazed at the 7th house. There was an unlike woman in there. She had a golden aura and she was taller than the other souls. It was his mother Nephthys! Anubis ran at her and she embraced him. – My dearest son – Nephthys had tears of emotion – I missed you so much! Look at you. The Great God of Death! – Mother! – As Anubis hugged her, he stared horrified at her back and saw what was left of her wings – Who did this to you? – Seth – She sighed – You were right about him – She dried her tears – but it doesn't matter anymore, I'm with you again and this time nothing can keep us apart. Zaya came up reading a scroll, unaware of the divine encounter. – Anubis, 40 thousand souls had been judged and – Zaya saw Nephthys – I'm sorry! Hail to the Great Lady of The House! – Zaya bowed down. – Thank you – Nephthys said. – Zaya would you leave us alone? – Anubis asked kindly. Zaya nodded and left. Nephthys smiled at Anubis. – What? – Anubis asked. – You like her. – She's a mortal and she will be damned… – Use your human form. Anubis shook his head. He had died in battle. Nephthys and Isis made many enchantments until they bring him back to life in his wolf-like form. But Ra didn't allow him to stay among the living and sent him to the underworld. Since then, He could never change into his human form again. – We will fix that – Nephthys said as she embraced him. ~.~ Zaya was studying the maps of the underworld when she felt someone behind her. She turned around and saw a man. For a moment the whole underworld faded but him. He was tall, with long dark hair and blue eyes perfectly kohl-lined. His tanned naked chest had magical symbols tattooed and scars made of gold. He was as bewitching as a mirage in the desert… For sure he was a god! But who? – May I help you? – Zaya asked insecurely. – Don't you recognize me? – He asked as he approached. His voice was deep. She had heard that voice before. He smiled and Zaya finally remembered. – Anubis! You-you changed! – Zaya was amazed. – My mother and someone special made me remember my humanity – He smiled at her – Now I guess I'm not so horrible. – You've never been horrible – Zaya moved a shade of his hair and touched his face. He was so dreamy, She just had to touch it. When Zaya's fingers reached his skin, Anubis caressed her hand and kissed it. His lips were warm and soft. – Zaya, you haven't been here for long, but you have done the impossible – His lips trembled and he held her face – You brought light to my darkness. You make the God of Death feel alive. If there's love in my heart, I thank you – Anubis felt his heart banging his chest as he spoke. – But… I'm just a mortal soul – Zaya's voice was a whisper. \"I must be dreaming\". She thought. – The most divine of all. Anubis leaned to her. Zaya couldn't believe what was happening. That was madness, but only Amon-Ra knew how she wished that madness. When Zaya died her heartbeat had ceased. But now she was feeling her heart pounding. How was that possible? His hand reached her uncovered back and when Anubis pulled Zaya close, her forehead touched his and then they kissed passionately. His lips were as tasteful as red wine, for a moment Zaya felt like she was drunk. Anubis pressed her body against his, there was nothing he desired more desperately than Zaya. When their lips were apart, Anubis kissed her neck as he whispered: – I love you Zaya. I love you. – I… love you too but... It feels wrong – Zaya pulled him away gently, it was a sacrifice to stay away from him – Yesterday I was married and… – I understand – He caressed her hair – You've just arrived here and your last life is still fresh. I can't avoid the judgments anymore and yours will happen soon, but I can't lose you. So I came to offer you a new life instead of doom. – A new life? How? He clasped her hands and looked into her eyes. – If you marry me, Our union can make you immortal and you would become the Goddess of the Afterlife. Zaya opened her mouth in surprise and closed again. That was too extraordinary. – Me? A Goddess? – She laughed nervously. – And My Beloved Queen – He said still holding her hands. For Horus's beak did she hear right? She tried to picture it: \"Zaya Goddess of Death, Beloved of Anubis, Queen of Afterlife\" That sounded unreal, and so did the second option \"eternal doom\" . How did she end up that way? – Eternity or Destruction – Zaya said to herself. – You deserve a fairer choice and I'm sorry – Anubis held her shoulders – But I can't stand the feeling of losing you forever. Please Zaya, Join me. Live with me. – Can I think about it? – Zaya told him, her words sounded like a supplication. – You have until your judgment – He kissed her forehead and shape-shifted into a wolf – Now… I need you to go the Hall of the Two Truths. He let go of her hands as Zaya nodded and followed the others. She had the way of the judgment to think about the proposal. As she walked, she thought about Bek and how she ran away with him, leaving the life she knew behind when he asked. Could she do the same for Anubis, for all eternity? Her mind started to be as clouded as the dark underworld.[Chapter 5] Zaya was walking, absorbed in her thoughts when she heard whispers. At first, it was unclear but then Zaya recognized Bek's voice and their whole lives together rushed in her mind. She felt her heart beating sadly. He said he loved her, something about Horus and that he was going to bring her back. Zaya told him that was impossible and he said it wasn't. Bek wasn't moving on because of her. Suddenly his voice became inaudible and there was a sound of thunder. It was Anubis. – It is forbidden to the dead to speak with the living – there was a fire in his eyes and for a moment Zaya was afraid. – Who were you speaking to? – The god asked her. Zaya hesitated. She didn't want to tell him it was Bek. – I didn't speak to them… They called me. – Go – He pointed to the boat in a harsh manner. Before getting into the boat, she asked him: – Can the dead live again? Anubis was surprised. Zaya wished to come back. She wasn't going to accept to live in the underworld. She didn't want to be with him. – No, they can't – He said – The dead belong in the unseen world. With me. The boat started to move and Anubis followed Zaya with his eyes. Zaya knew how stubborn Bek could be. If there was a way to bring her back he would never stop to try it no matter what. \"Please Horus, clear my mind\" Zaya prayed. Now she would have to choose between doom, Anubis, and Bek. ~.~ Zaya followed her way to the hall. An old woman called her \"the jewel of Anubis' eyes\" but she didn't give attention. – He can be as jealous as Seth sometimes, but I don't think he's dangerous. Zaya saw the goddess Nephthys walking beside her. – Have you already decided, child? – Nephthys asked her. Zaya sighed. More pressure! Why? – You see when I had my proposal I accepted it right away thinking I was making the right decision, but I was naïve. You're right. When a woman receives a proposal she must think carefully. Take you time – Nephthys smiled kindly. – My husband talked to me from the living world. He said he and Horus were going to bring me back. Anubis said it's impossible, but Bek is a stubborn man. I feel guilty – Zaya poured out her heart to the goddess. There were thunders in the dark sky of the underworld. – Ra is the only god who can restore life and he isn't soft-hearted – Nephthys said – Death is difficult to handle, but your husband will recover. There's nothing you can do to help him. But you can help yourself – Nephthys touched her shoulder – Anubis will love and respect you this I can assure. – Thank you, Lady Nephthys – Zaya smiled. – I have to go – Nephthys disappeared in a blue mist. ~.~ Anubis was going to the world of the living attending Hathor's call. When he came up he discovered the goddess of love was still was as stunning as she was before. He saw Bek, the former husband of his beloved and Horus, oh Horus that always had everything! He and Hathor were together, of course. However, Anubis wasn't jealous. The Horus's easy life has ended. For a moment Anubis wished to say that Zaya didn't need any help, that she was going to be fine with him, but then the great goddess Hathor showed her will to sacrifice herself in name of Zaya and Bek's love. He didn't dare to stop her. He didn't like the idea to lead Bek into the underworld, but that was the right thing to do. Now Zaya would have a fair choice. If Zaya was going to be his wife, then it should happen by her free will not by her fear of destruction. ~.~ Zaya's time had arrived. She was in front of the balance, the Judges asking her what was her offering and she had no idea on what to do. Anubis wasn't there and neither was Bek. That was the end. Suddenly,there was a cloud of dust and then Anubis and Bek appeared. Zaya couldn't believe her eyes. Anubis grant permission to Bek to talk with Zaya, although he hated it. Zaya's heart was rejoiced until Bek tried to touch her. She couldn't feel his hands. For Bek, Zaya's skin was like a cold and brief steam. In that silent moment, they both realized they were never going to live together. – This will provide you a good place in the afterlife – Bek said, as he was going to place Hathor's bracelet on the balance. – Please, No! – Zaya's eyes were watered – That's not the afterlife I wish. Bek stared at her surprised. After everything he had done, Zaya didn't want to pass the gates? – What? – Bek asked. A terrible rumble shook the underworld. It felt like the whole world was cracking. – The chaos spreads! It will ruin this land! – Anubis roared and rushed to try to stop it with his powers. – Horus is the only hope! Go back and help him! – Zaya told Bek. – No, he's a liar! The world is ending Zaya and I want to be with you while I can! – Bek shouted at her, the noise was like a storm. – I know you will live! – Zaya screamed at him. – My strength is finite – Anubis roared at them – If the Lord of Air plans to stop this he must hurry. If you don't go now you'll die here. Bek faced Zaya. He wished to know why she refused the afterlife. Certainly, it wasn't because she wished him to come with her. But there wasn't time for that. He touched her face and stood up. – Please send me back! – Bek shouted at Anubis.[Chapter 6] Bek was gone. Zaya looked around. The underworld was hysterical. Some souls ran away, others were screaming and crying out. The goddess Nephthys tried to protect them. Zaya tried to find Anubis. He was far ahead, on the edge of that narrow bridge over the abyss. The underworld was shaking constantly. Zaya tried to walk on the bridge, making her best to not look down or fall. – Go back! I can't protect you anymore! – Anubis shouted. As Zaya walked, there was another quake and she fell on her knees. As she looked down, to her horror she saw Ammit, the devourer demon whose task was to eat the evildoers' souls. When the beast saw her, it came out from the shadows and roared. Zaya held the bridge and kept crawling. She had to reach Anubis. Anubis felt each one of Zaya's footsteps relieved that she was still alive. Although he wished to hold her he couldn't stop to contain the chaos. If he did, the whole underworld and the Balance of the Universe would be destroyed. When she was closer, Anubis grabbed her hand and pulled her to him. Zaya embraced him with all her strength. With his left arm, he held Zaya, his eternal love. With his right arm, he tried to contain chaos and protected the underworld. The noise was like a thousand claps of thunder together. – That bracelet could have granted you a fine afterlife, why you didn't go? – He asked her. – Because I didn't make up my mind – She told him. – It's my fault. You'd be safe if I haven't interfered. I'm your doom. Forgive me – Anubis shouted. – No, You're not – Zaya screamed – I've made my choice now. Anubis stared at Zaya. She smiled with love and embraced him tighter. He did the same. Bek was right, the world was ending. Maybe there was a next afterlife, maybe not. Zaya felt they all would find out soon. Together in their Doom. ~.~ Although the destiny of the world was at stake, Bek couldn't stop thinking about Zaya and how she looked different. Was it because she was dead and they couldn't speak much? No… he almost felt rejected by her. Why didn't she wish to pass to her afterlife? Anubis… the Lord of the Underworld had guided her, for sure. But the way Zaya looked at him when they arrived was very… suspicious. – Horus has a god ever… – Bek hesitated. – What? – Horus asked. They both were onboard Nephthys winged barque, on the way to defeat Seth. They had become too close. Friends? Maybe something more if Horus hasn't lied. But Bek wasn't resentful anymore. If he were Horus he would have lied too. They had much in common. – Gods and mortals have we ever – Bek cleared his throat – I mean, Have they ever been together before? – Like we? I guess so – Horus said. – No, I mean… Together like… lovers . Horus approached him. He stared at Bek. Young, small… Mortals were like children. It seemed like taking advantage. But Bek was an interesting child. No, He was a man. He had strength, quickness, an intelligence and beauty that could resemble a god's. He would be a perfect god… – What are you implying? – Horus smiled – Are you interested in… – Of course not! I'm just curious… No! I mean – Bek blushed, his words seemed to be betraying him – It's not what you think! I just heard about gods, women, and their demigods… So, is it possible? – Oh, I see! – Horus was a little disappointed – Well, this uh… the intercourse about gods and mortals is possible… My father would not accept it but he could not control the god's relationships. – But even the gods who are animal-like? – All gods are shapeshifters – Horus shrugged his muscular shoulders – Why are you asking this? – Curiosity, like I said – He laughed nervously – Let's stop Seth before the world turns into dust – Bek said impatiently. What a terrible subject! Could it be that the wolf god was tracking down his wife? Or just doing his job as the protector of souls? Wait but Zaya was dead… could the dead and the gods… No. He wouldn't ask that for Horus, it was too weird! ~.~ Because of his struggle, Anubis fell on his knees. Zaya wished she could help him somehow. But then the chaos decreased and stopped. Anubis shapeshifted into a man. Now, instead of fur he had skin, covered in sweat. The kohl of his blue eyes was blurred. He was exhausted. – He made it – Anubis panted – Hail Horus. – Hail Horus and Hail Anubis! – Zaya embraced and kissed him cheerfully. They stood up together. Anubis looked at Zaya. Her eyes were still watered as she smiled. – About my decision – Zaya was serious as they walked back to the Hall of the Two Truths – I… – You don't need to marry me if you don't want – He caressed her hair. – I want – She put her arms around his neck. – Me too – Anubis smiled – But you've been through a lot. Rest now. I can wait an eternity if I know you'll be with me. Anubis held her face and they had a long kiss. The souls were relieved, praising him and all gods. Celebrating another fair chance of life after death. But someone had died recently. A new soul on the hall of the two truths who wasn't celebrating and wasn't grateful either. He stood in front of Anubis and Zaya. His doubts were right. – Bek! – Zaya was surprised as she saw her ex-husband. – Hello again, Zaya – Bek said bitterly.[Chapter 7] – You said you wished to share your life with me – Bek told Zaya. – And I shared- – I've lost my life trying to bring you back while you were hanging around with a dead man! – Bek screamed. Anubis hit his staff on the floor and shapeshifted into a wolf god again. – More respect – The god roared as he raised his arms and moved they all to another place in a golden mist. Now they were on an empty island in the underworld. – A god – Bek sighed – I should know. Gods are never trustworthy. Anubis stared at him. – Bek, I'm sorry – tears crossed Zaya's face – You made me the happiest woman while we lived together, but then I died and… – And I've died for you! I've lost my life only to see you with another… god! Zaya covered her face, ashamed. Bek turned his back on her. He couldn't face Zaya. Looking at her was painful. Anubis approached Bek. – Forgive her and forgive me. I wished to save her from doom by making her mine, So I seduced her. It was my fault. – I'm a damned woman anyway – Zaya sighed. Bek sat on the floor and held his head. He had wasted his life for a woman that didn't wait for him. Now there was no Zaya and no life left. The world was fine but he was dead. – I want my afterlife – Bek told Anubis – please, I ask you to guide me to my final destination. Deliver me from the life I had so far. Anubis was surprised and then he sighed. – I can't – He sighed – Behold. Zaya and Bek looked up. A beam of sunlight came from above and surrounded Bek and Zaya with its light and warm. – What is it? – Bek asked. – This is Ra. He is bringing you back to life. – Horus – Bek smiled. – No! – Zaya held Anubis arm. – Zaya – He caressed her face as his eyes watered – I can't stop Ra. You deserve a long and happy life. Live. Have children. Grow old and then come to me. – No, I can't! – Zaya cried. – Remember Zaya – He held her hands – I can wait an eternity if I know you'll be with me. Zaya held him tight but Ra's strength was bigger. Suddenly she and Bek were on fire, but they didn't burn. The beam of sunlight ceased and Bek and Zaya were gone. Anubis howled alone in the gloomy darkness. ~.~ When Zaya opened her eyes, she was alive. She met Horus and went to the divine court with Bek. Her memories in the underworld were like a distant dream now. A dream she couldn't remember clearly. Bek and Zaya were together again. In the absence of Horus Bek was regent of Egypt and Zaya was his queen. Zaya had everything. Her life was glazed with gold and luxury, but something on her heart was cracked. She wasn't the same woman anymore. Her dreams were haunted by a young man whose body was painted with golden symbols. Bek was the perfect husband until he was tired of it. He didn't find joy in her company anymore, choosing concubines over Zaya. Zaya's only joy was helping the people of Egypt, but that had become tiresome too. She used to visit Anubis' temple every week since she came back to life. She prayed to him but there was no answer, not even a sign. Maybe he wished her to forget death and enjoy life but she couldn't. After one of these visits, she returned home and went to sleep. However, Zaya woke up in the middle of the night. She was alone and the moon was full. Zaya left her bed and walked in the royal garden, under the bright moonlight. Zaya was completely alone, not even the guards were in there. She removed her sandals and walked on the fresh grass. Suddenly, Zaya noticed something wrong with the soil. It felt like a small earthquake. She looked down and a huge cleft appeared on the ground. Zaya got out of the garden, tripped and fell. She couldn't get up and run away, she had to see it. A spooky gray mist was coming out from the cleft. A huge hand got out of the ground and then a body. Zaya could see a huge wolf-like shadow coming out. – Anubis – Zaya whispered. – You owe me one – The shadow coughed. It was Wepwawet, the god opener of the ways. He was talking to someone else that was coming out from the soil. – Geb may complain... Oh! Good evening, Zaya – He smiled at Zaya as he saw her. – Good evening... Lord of the ways – Zaya said scared. She wished to know what was going on. The mist was thinner and Zaya could recognize Anubis, The god of death. – Don't be long – Wepwawet told Anubis and kept away from them, cleaning his gray fur. – Zaya – Anubis called her softly. – Lord Anubis – Zaya knelt on the floor. – I've already told you, You don't need to call me lord. – He raised his hand at her as he shapeshifted into his human form: The long-haired man covered with scars of gold that Zaya had been dreaming of. – Gods… It was real! – Zaya was astonished. – Yes. Don't be afraid – He said as he embraced her. – Everything really happened… You let he take me! – A teardrop fell from Zaya's eye. – The power of Ra is unstoppable, Zaya. Besides, You deserved to live a hundred years – He caressed her face – My plan was to wait until you die to take you but… I have heard your prayers. I know you're unhappy. So I came to ask you if you want to come with me now… and remain with me forever. Zaya looked behind. She heard the guards coming and then she looked at Anubis. – My only wish is to go with you now and become your wife, for all eternity – Zaya smiled brightly. – So be it. They had a rapturous kiss. Wepwawet got inside the Earth first. Anubis carried Zaya in his arms as they entered together in the underworld. The cleft on the soil closed and there was no trace of Zaya or the gods left. On the Underworld, Zaya married Anubis and became a goddess. She guided the souls to the afterlife with Nephthys and ruled the underworld with Anubis. Some years after, the mortals called her Anput and her hometown became the center of her worship. Zaya and Anubis had a daughter named Kebechet and they ruled and loved each other deeply until the end of time. ","Summary":" \"You are released\" Zaya heard. It was like awakening from a deep dream. A dream of darkness. She "},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"Once Again","Author":"Issycheer32","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11168263","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One Javier Katy I wonder about him, I wonder if he had moved on, or has children. \"he probably has a beautiful wife and wonderful kids\" I think to myself. I have been having nightmares, no dreams wonderful dreams about us being together again. And him knowing about.. I then hear Havana cry, she has been doing that lately. \"I should take her too the doctor\" i said to Susie, the only person too let me live with them. \"shes a baby\" she explained \"babies cry all of the time.\" \"well, then maybe i should wait a while.\" I had missed those days, when susie and I would just talk our heads off. \"I miss her\" I say to myself while I cradle Havana.[Chapter 2] Just want to tell you guys that i will post daily. I wake up from the dream that haunts me everyday. My Bonita and I dancing too the music, the dancers parting the way for us. Then there gone and police officers come in and grab my Katy. I try to fight my way through them to grab her, but then it's just me. In darkness, calling for her. I wake up sweating, I hear a knock at the door. I get dressed quickly and rush to the door. There is the police '¿may we come in?' 'Si' 'we have news about Carlos' I sit down. 'He was shot early this morning' I'm speechless 'what?' 'As you would know, he had joined the secret police and somebody snitched..' He trailed off. I couldn't believe it, Carlos was dead and I'm all alone. Mama took Chabe to a safer part of Cuba, and then two weeks later Rafael's mother came back and took him with her to Texas. \"oh how I miss you Katy\" I think to myself.[Chapter 3] Katy was on the phone with her still stubborn/racist mother \"Katy I still think you shouldn't go\" she said \"mother Havana needs a fathe-\" she was cut off by her mother \"you need her father\" she says with defeat. \"Fine you can go and we will pay for it, but promise me one thing\" \"yes! anything!\" \"you have to find Javier\" \"you cannot come back without Javier.\" Katy was startled at this, her mother usually tries to not say his name with or without Katy around. \"Okay.\" \"okay darling bye bye safe travels.\" Katy hangs up the phone, \"I'm going back to Havana!\" she screams.[Chapter 4] Javier stood next to Carlos's grave, \"hello brother, I have something for you from Rafael.\" I place the envelope on his grave \"It came from his new home with his mother.\" \"Lets open it shall we?\" Javier opened the envelope to find a picture of their family. \"lets see there's mama,you,chabe,abuelo, me and…\" he trailed when he saw the the blonde right next to him \"Katy\" he whispered. \"here you go Carlos, take care of it\" Javier left the cemetery in a matter of minutes. \"I will find you Katy.\"[Chapter 5] hey guys! so I just logged on to fan fiction this week because I've been so busy with cheer and school I will now consider to continue the story! PM me some plots I could add and we will see what comes up. thank you all for reviewing and turing on alerts! so long, issycheer32[Chapter 6] Katey was boarding the plane with Havana, as she was just about to go through the terminal, when she heard \"KATEY WAIT! WAIT!\" she turned around to find no one other then James, bright red and sweat shining on his forehead. \"What do want James? My flight is about to leave and I can't afford another plane ticket!\" \"I know but trust your going to want hear this\" he said through shallow and labored breaths. \"What could possibly be more important then this?!\" She said with frustration, her plane was going to leave in 10 minutes \"I still love you Katey Miller and I want to marry you and become the father that Havana should have, he's trash and the only thing he's could at is dirty dancing\" she slapped across the face leaving a new red mark on his face. \"Never in thousand years would I ever even consider you coming by Havana let alone by me\" she walks away in anger and frustration. She sits down in her seat in the back of the plane with Havana on her lap, \"you going to meet your daddy my ángeles i promise you that.\" ","Summary":" Chapter One Javier Katy I wonder about him, I wonder if he had moved on, or has children. \"he prob"},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"Poetry Of Motion","Author":"Hey Buddy You In London","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7631487","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Poetry Of Motion Dirty Dancing :Havana Nights Lovestory Notes:This is set in the future, like today, but it`s still the same stoyline.I don't own Dirty Dancing(But I love both movies!) Hi. I`m Shelby. Now I know what you`re thinking. Why would you run away ...and to Cuba? Well, 2 reasons.1) It was the cheapest flight at the airport and 2) the only other language I speak is Spanish. At least, that`s why I tell people. The real reason was because I felt Havana held some sort of future for me. And it did. But I`m not saying what. That`ll ruin the story. The early Cuban morning is great. Warm sunny.I took in my new surroundings like nothing. I paused at a resturant for ;unch and accidentally ran into this super hot waiter, knocking over the glasses on the plate. \"I`m so sorry.\" I said I`d pay for them but the manager wouldn`t have it. I ordered, ate and then tipped the waiter-alot. He pulled me aside.\"Le pagamos. Por mucho. You overpaid. By a lot\"\"no. Esa es la punta. Para pagar las gafas que se rompió. (No. That's your tip. To pay for the glasses I broke)\"\"No necesito tu caridad. (I don`t need your chairty)\"\"No es caridad, si se va a su jefe(It's not charity if it goes to your boss)\" I snapped.\"Demasiado dinero aquí para las gafas de todos modos(Too much money here for the glasses anyway)\"\"tener algo para ti(Take some for yourself)\"\"Yo ya dije que no necesitan obras de caridad(I already said I don't need charity)\"\"No es caridad. Considere la posibilidad de que la cortesía de América(It ain't charity. Consider it American courtesy)\"\"multa(Fine)\" he mumbled. I left before I saw him smile.[Chapter 2] Poetry Of Motion Dirty Dancing :Havana Nights Lovestory Notes:This is set in the future, like today, but it`s still the same stoyline.I don't own Dirty Dancing(But I love both movies!) -Familia noche de póker- \"que pagó por los anteojos y mi sueldo para las próximas 2 lo llamaba \"Cortesía de América\"(she paid for the glasses and my salary for the next 2 weeks. She called it \"American Courtesy\")\"Buena chica. ¿Qué edad tenía? ochenta?(Nice girl. How old was she? eighty?)\"Más como dieciocho(more like eighteen)\"\"oww. obtener sus dígitos?(oww. you get her digits?)\"\" fue demasiado rápidamente(no. She left too quickly)\"\"Maldito. Me habría quedado como \"baby yo dame tus digitos\"(Damn. I would have just been like \"yo baby give me your digits\")\"\"sí. Pero yo no soy así Julio(Yeah. But I'm not like tha Julio)\"\"por supuesto. ¿Quieres saber su nombre antes de pedirle que tire de su camisa y mostrar sus tetas(of course. You want to know her name before you ask her to pull her shirt up and show her tits)\"\"Cállate, Julio(Shut up, Julio)\"\"aww. Pobre bebé. No me gusta cuando la gente elige a su novia gringa?(aww. Poor baby. Don't like it when people pick on your gringo girlfriend?)\"\"Ella no es mi novia. Yo ni siquiera sé su nombre(She's not my girlfriend. I don't even know her name)\"\"seguro(Sure)\"\"Los niños. Limpiar. Hay un fuera gringo y se ve frío. Ella necesita un techo. LIMPIEZA!(Boys. Clean up. There's A gringo outside and she looks cold. She needs a roof. CLEAN UP!)\" In 3 seconds tops the table was clear. \"te(you!)\"\"conmigo!(Me!)Te!(You!)\" \"Ustedes dos se conocen?(You two know each other?)\"\"Ella pagó por los anteojos en el trabajo y mi sueldo para las próximas dos semanas!(She paid for the glasses at work and my salary for the next two weeks!)\"\"¡Maldita sea! chica ¿qué estás haciendo estallar?(Damn! girl what are you popping?)\"\"Julio. Demostrar un cierto respecto(Julio. Show some respect)\". I stepped inside. \"hola. Mi nombre es Shelby. Espero no interrumpir en cualquier cosa en su hermosa casa aquí.(hello. My name is Shelby. I hope I'm not intruding on anything in your beautiful home here.)\"\"Estábamos la limpieza después de que un asunto de familia. Por favor, adelante(We were just cleaning up after a family affair. Please, come in. )\"\"Gracias. No escuché su nombre?(Thank you. I didn't catch your name?)\"\"oh. Javier.[Chapter 3] Poetry Of Motion Dirty Dancing :Havana Nights Lovestory Notes:This is set in the future, like today, but it`s still the same stoyline.I don't own Dirty Dancing(But I love both movies!)I apologize for few translations. I want you to do it yourself. I woke up the next morning dead tired but, better. Javier seemed tense, like I would run out screaming Cuban rape. \" Confias en mí?(You Trust Me?)\"\"Sí. Me gustas.(Yes. I like you)\"\"Te gusto?(You like me?)\"\"en la forma en la melancolía(In the melancholy way)\"\"oh.\"\"¡Oh, qué?(Oh what?)\"\"Quiero darte un beso\"\"¿qué significa eso?(What does that mean?)\"\"No estoy diciendo(I`m not telling)\"\"Por favor(Please?)\"\"no!\"\"Why?\"\" -later- Street dancing. Maldita sea(damn!). God those boys looked hot. Javier kept saying things I didn`t know.\"Si le dije que mi corazón latía fuerte Si pudiéramos escapar de la multitud de alguna manera hacer que usted siente como el paraíso y lo que necesito esta noche de vacaciones\"\"Que?\"\"Si yo dijera que quiero tu cuerpo ahora lo mantiene en mi contra?\"(Sí, él es cubano y que el acaba de citado Britney Spears en español)Then they asked me to join they asked me to went well. \"usted tiene un cuerpo bien maldito\" he still would tell me what he meant anymore.[Chapter 4] Poetry Of Motion Dirty Dancing :Havana Nights Lovestory Notes:This is set in the future, like today, but it`s still the same stoyline.I don't own Dirty Dancing(But I love both movies!)I apologize for few translations. I want you to do it yourself. -Dream Sequence- \"Te me levantan más alto, al igual que el dulce canto de un coro\"\"Que?\"\"Tu me vuelves loca, bebe\"\"Dígalo en Inglés, Javier!(Say it in english, Javier!)\"\"I fucking love you Shelby!\" Javier yelled at me. -End of dream sequence- I shot up in bed. My head throbbed. I got up and tried to figure my way around got horribly lost. I tried to find my way back, but couldn`t. I started shaking. I was scared ok. I was in a bad part of Havana. -Meanwhile- She was. Gone. Just gone. Wasn't there when I woke up. Still wasn't back by noon. Ok I was panicking but for good reason. Cuba`s dangerous for Gringo`s. I hoped she hadn`t wandered into the bad side.[Chapter 5] Poetry Of Motion Dirty Dancing :Havana Nights Lovestory Notes:This is set in the future, like today, but it`s still the same stoyline.I don't own Dirty Dancing(But I love both movies!)I apologize for few translations. I want you to do it yourself. -Shelby- It was getting dark and I was getting scareder. I was running around like a chicken with it`s head cut off. Then somebody grabbed my arm. I didn`t think. I just swung. Punched whoever it was in the face. And ran till my lungs felt like exploding. Ran right into someone too. \"Shelby!\"\"Cuáles son las probabilidades!(What are the odds!)\". I was so glad. I was safe. Javier found me.[Chapter 6] Poetry Of Motion Dirty Dancing :Havana Nights Lovestory Notes:This is set in the future, like today, but it`s still the same stoyline.I don't own Dirty Dancing(But I love both movies!)I apologize for few translations. I want you to do it yourself. I wish life was like a again, it`d be too predictable. Spontaneous is my thing. Like spontaneous street dancing. I can't stand still in a street now. Fun. One day we were standing outside and Carlos had some Cuban rum. He offered me some, At first I declined, but then chugged it back. Yeah. 12 shots later I was not in good condition. Like staggering around looking stupid. \"Whoa! Shelby. ¿Es usted ... borracho?(Whoa! Shelby. Are you... drunk?)\" Javier asked.\"Diablos soy derecho(Damn right I am)\"I said, slurred. \"Quiero ser tu obsesión(I want to be your obsession)\" I whispered.[Chapter 7] Poetry Of Motion Dirty Dancing :Havana Nights Lovestory Notes:This is set in the future, like today, but it`s still the same stoyline.I don't own Dirty Dancing(But I love both movies!)I apologize for few translations. I want you to do it yourself. I hate my birthday. 18. Javier took me to this club call La Rosa Negra(The Black Rose). He's a good dancer. I only street dance and some dances from the undergound clubs in Peoria. Southern Comfort, which is riding on your partners thigh until he throws his head and screams your name. Cause he'll forget his. Javier seemed impossible to turn on incredibly he forgets his name. Then it happened. \"Shelby...¿cuál es mi nombre?(what's my name?)\"\"Javier\" I replied, smiling. Javier was amazed. \"Maldita sea!Damn!\" He took my hand. We tore up that floor. Then came the King and Queen. Dancing like pro`s. I felt pathetic compared to them. Then we could dance again. \"Rabiosa(Do I even have to?Translation`s self-explanatory!)\" He kept smiling. I didn`t know what he was smiling about.\"Quiero tener y apasionado sexo ardiente con usted\"[Chapter 8] Poetry Of Motion Dirty Dancing :Havana Nights Lovestory Notes:This is set in the future, like today, but it`s still the same stoyline.I don't own Dirty Dancing(But I love both movies!)I apologize for few translations. I want you to do it yourself. -Javier`s dream- \"Que quiero abrazarte( I want to hold you)\" Shelby was standing in front of me. \"Me gustaría poder tocar(I wish I could touch you)\" She moved closer.\"Hacerlo. Tócame(Do it. Touch me)\".la toalla blanca y dejó caer su cuerpo desnudo me sorprendió.the white towel dropped and her naked body amazed me. -end of dream- I shot up in bed. Shelby was definitely clothed. I exhaled. I had to stop thinking about Shelby like that. A couple minutes later she rolled on me. I exhaled. Damn. ","Summary":" Poetry Of Motion Dirty Dancing :Havana Nights Lovestory Notes:This is set in the future, like today"},{"Movie":"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story","Title":"We're Back! An Eccentric Return","Author":"JakobiFlyingFox","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9576549","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One dark early December night, the air was biting and threatened snow, but none fell. Thin ice sheets covered the ground of New York's Central Park, slicking the concrete pathways and making them gleam in the clear, moonlit night. Three shadows crept earnestly along these pathways, huddled in their thick jackets and boots; they trudged forward in a silent line. The last figure, noticeably heftier than the other two, grumbled out loud. \"Ross, you sure about this? The cops've been through here already and they've cleared everything out. He can't still be here,\" Ross, the lead figure, a thin, wiry fellow, snapped back. \"I already told ya Butch, he can and he will!\" Butch wasn't satisfied. \"But that was all last week, Ross. You remember all those vans and coppers 'round the place! They cleaned the whole scene,\" \"There ain't no way they cleaned him out,\" Ross growled, stubbornly. The final member of the group, a wispy sort of woman known simply as Pam, cut in. \"Alright, cut it out you two! We're on the same side here. Let's just look for the blasted thing before our digits freeze off, dig?\" The two men agreed. Soon enough, the three converged on the site of the infamous – and now ruined – Eccentric Circus, belonging to one Professor Screweyes. After that Black Friday night last week, during what was the biggest and scariest show yet with hereforto unseen dinosaurian monsters, a giant spaceship felled the great tarpaulin cover and lifted the dinosaurs to safety, literally toppling Screweyes' show and declaring him a sadist in the process. The three were here now, after the forensic drama of the last week, to find something. Professor Screweyes had mysteriously disappeared after the show, so had most of his goons, and the eerie sort of inviting presence that gave his circus so much attention. It was as his former clown, Stubbs, used to say, \"The people come here to get scared. Simple as that\". Ross smoothed back his ultramarine mohawk and peered at the site. It was huge and bare of practically anything – most of that was thanks to the approaching winter, but also due to the giant tarpaulin cover that had once dominated this area. The three clambered down into the site and started their search. Digging through old posters and trash on the ground, Butch wasn't exactly sure what he was looking for. Unless Screweyes had magically shrunk to the size of a mouse, what would he be doing under these old—hold it, what was that? Underneath laid a small metal object, but what earned it the longevity of the gaze was the fact that is was glowing; a slow, rhythmic pulse of small silver and green flashes emanating from the exterior. \"H-hey Ross!\" Butch squealed, hardly daring to pick the object up. \"H-look what I found! It's…!\" He pointed wildly, hoping the metal object would speak for itself. Ross and Pam hurried over to behold the mysterious luminescent object. Ross bent hesitantly, frowning. \"Wait, is that…?\" He reached out with a finger and prodded the thing. It rolled a few inches, and the glow vanished like the light of a snuffed candle. Pam stifled a cry of surprise, it had happened so suddenly. Ross snatched the thing up and peered at it in his gloved palm. It was a screw, a large one, but an ordinary screw nonetheless. Ross' face broke into a wide, pleased grin. \"You guys know what this is?\" Butch wasn't sure he should be the first to answer – he would have said the obvious, but something in Ross' voice told him the obvious would most likely not be tolerated. He let Pam speak first just in case. \"A screw,\" she sounded disinterested. \"A really kooky-lookin'…\" she paused. \"Wait, is that… his eye? Ugh! \" She covered her mouth with her gloved hands. \"Gross!\" Ross grinned wider. \"Sure it's his eye. What other screw can glow like that?\" \"But, how did it get… out of his face?\" Butch felt his stomach drop like a stone. Ross shrugged. \"Who knows? Maybe the crows did him in.\" He smirked sideways as he tucked the screw into his pocket. Pam tossed her head, unimpressed. \"You tryin' to spook us, Ross?\" \"Honest,\" Ross nodded to himself. \"That's the reason there were so many crows – he was scared stiff of 'em. Didn't you guys notice that?\" \"Then why didn't he just get rid of 'em?\" Pam glanced over her shoulder, like there was a ghost lurking nearby. Ross looked manically pleased. \"He told me once. He said a crow put his eye out. So he kept 'em around, to master his fear.\" \"So, the crows killed him?\" Butch was still a little slow. \"Maybe, maybe not. Ain't out of the question though, there was a ton of crows around here while the Circus was running.\" \"Ross,\" Pam's voice broke his monologue. The man turned and noticed she was pointing at one of the bigger piles. Strangely, that pile was also glowing with same sort of eerie brilliance. \"Let's check it out,\" Ross motioned to his friends to follow. The pile was actually more than a pile; it was a collectivity of metal bits and pieces and scattered among these pieces were some odd, pill-shaped objects where the source of the glowing was coming from. \"What're those, some sort of funky nicotine pills?\" Pam wrinkled her nose as they approached. Ross, acting the brave one tonight, scooped a couple up into his hand, like he had the screw. \"They're pills all right, but I dunno of any pills that glow.\" \"Maybe Screweyes used 'em.\" Butch offered, huddling into his jacket. Had it suddenly gotten colder? Ross snorted in reply. \"What would he use these pills for?\" He opened his hand to let the pills fall, but Butch stopped him. \"Well, maybe they helped the screw get all glowy like that, I dunno.\" The bigger man snatched a couple of the pills and tucked them into his pocket. \"Maybe we can find out more about 'em here.\" \"I think I already have,\" Pam said, softly. She was standing over what looked like a crushed bucket and though the words were hard to make out at first, they managed to form the phrase \"Brain Drain\" . I was hit by a wave of nostalgia after seeing one of my favorite childhood movies the other day and got this brilliant concept - write a We're Back! fanfiction. Just in case, the three goons are the characters in the movie that Louie and Cecilia encounter. Thought it would be fun to bring 'em back in ;) Don't forget to read/review![Chapter 2] \"Places, everyone! Places!\" Dr. Bleeb declared, in a tizzy. Well, more or less from what Rex could see. The small figure of the museum director bustled here and there around the big room of the auditorium where the four dinosaurs stood: Rex, the tyrannosaur, Elsa the Pterodactyl, Woog the Triceratops and Dweeb the P - Rex started, surprised. Where was Dweeb? Normally hard to miss with his distinctive grass-green coloration, Dweeb the hadrosaur was nowhere to be seen. Rex looked around the group – they'd noticed the subtraction of their numbers as well. \"Excuse me, Dr. Bleeb?\" Rex boomed across the room. The little doctor whipped herself around to face the great carnivore, even though she was itching to be moving again. \"Yes?\" She asked in her high, jubilant tone. \"Dweeb's gone,\" Rex indicated the spot where Dweeb would have been standing. Dr. Bleeb looked quite irritated. \"Oh dear, missing again! This has got to be the millionth time!\" She sighed as she hurried to the doors. \"Don't move, I'll be right back.\" The dinosaurs didn't move. Well, not true, they did shift in place as they waited, but otherwise they did not move from their spots until Rex stepped off the platform. \"I'm gonna go and see if she-\" he was interrupted as the doors opened, revealing a small boy in a black leather jacket and a bright red cap, his scruffy dark hair hanging partway over his forehead, almost into his eyes. He slung his backpack on the floor and grinned up at the massive lizards, his freckles flaring. \"Hey guys, wassup?\" He waved his hand. Rex grinned back. \"Mornin' Louie. Good to see you.\" The tyrannosaur stepped over, his great strides taking him to the doorway in about three steps flat. Rex was a good ten times Louie's size, but the two were still good friends. After all, Louie had done a great deal to help the dinosaurs ever since they came to New York. Elsa flapped over, landing on Rex's head and peering down like a big purple, scaly vulture. \"Why aren't you in school, today?\" Elsa regarded Louie's backpack thrown on the floor with something like suspicion. It wasn't that she didn't like Louie, but she was confused as to why this boy wasn't in the 'school' he'd told them about the past week; that he would have to go back after Thanksgiving Recess. Well, it was past Thanksgiving Recess, and the children were back in school now… so, what was this? Louie smirked as he fished a small yellow slip of paper out of his pocket. \"It's a pass from the resta my classes. I'm considered a volunteer here, now.\" Even for his slight stature, Louie's rough New York accent and savvy little face served as a warning not to mess with this boy. \"'Volunteer'?\" Woog lumbered over. The triceratops tilted his head at the boy. \"What's that s'posed to mean?\" Louie shrugged. \"Means I can help around more,\" Rex smiled down at the little human. \"Good for you. I just hope you don't get sick of us that quick.\" Louie broke into laughter. \"I'd worry more 'bout you guys gettin' sicka me, Rex.\" He playfully punched the tyrannosaur's knee, the highest he could reach. He looked around the assembled – or not quite assembled – group before him and just noticed there was a missing face. An obvious one, too. \"Hey, where's Dweeb?\" Rex nodded in the direction of the doors. \"Dr. Bleeb just went out to try and find him.\" He heaved a great sigh. Louie could feel the breeze from where he was standing on the floor. \"This is the second time he's been late.\" \"Really? How come?\" \"Oh, he's been off exploring the museum,\" Elsa chirped, almost dreamily. \"This building is fascinating, you know! There are so many nooks and crannies, small hidden rooms! It's very mysterious and romantic,\" the way she batted her eyelashes down at Rex made the tyrannosaur nod and hurriedly swallow in discomfort. Louie noticed the look on his friend's face and stifled a little one-liner that had been bubbling up inside him. \"Huh, well we should get the resta this room set up, I guess. The visitors'll be here soon.\" \"Who's coming, today?\" Woog asked as they returned back to the platform. Louie shrugged again. \"Probably not a lot of school kids, unless there are field trip groups. Maybe just parents and their little kids.\" He paused. \"Wait, did Dr. Bleeb tell you guys what to do if parents come?\" The dinosaurs shook their heads in reply. Louie bit his lip. \"In that case, we'd better go over some things, first.\"[Chapter 3] Dweeb was up in a whole other wing of the museum, up the stairs and down the halls, admiring the fossil collection on the top floor. Meandering around the small spaces was no easy task – the Parasaurolophus averaged some thirteen feet in height, and had a rather active, nervous sort of tail that just seemed to get in the way more times than it provided the dinosaur with balance. Dweeb was a funny-looking sort of parasaur – he had unaccustomedly wide, curious eyes and a long snout with large incisors sticking out the front of his mouth, almost like a rodent. He was scrawny, even for his large size, and somewhat clumsy. Why he was up in the top wing, surrounded by glass cases was anyone's guess. He stopped by one exhibit of a parasaur – like him – and he grinned widely. \"Hey!\" He waved slightly. \"Long time no see, how're things in there?\" He tilted his head slightly to the side and examined the fossil closer. It was a big specimen, but what intrigued Dweeb was the small collection of tooth marks on the animal's flank. \"Ohh, bad news there,\" he shook his head. \"T. Rex?\" he asked, as if expecting an answer. Tapping a digit against the side of his face, Dweeb murmured softly. \"Eh, I'd say you're an alpha, least you were an alpha. Crest can prove it.\" The parasaur's own small crest dropped slightly, as if in shame. Dweeb was nothing short of an underdog back in his herd, before Captain Neweyes came for him. In fact, he was kind of the underdog here as well. Despite being an underdog, Dweeb was remarkably perceptive and didn't live up to his name in the slightest. He wasn't exactly sure why he had been called that, but he didn't let it bog him down. No one in the group judged him by this misconception, and he knew it didn't showcase his true character. \"There you are!\" Dweeb turned absently to see Dr. Bleeb hurrying over. She was out of breath, and didn't look too pleased for whatever reason. He smiled nonetheless as she approached. \"Hi, Dr.-\" \"No time for that!\" The little woman interrupted. She tapped her foot as she peered up at the dinosaur through her large, round glasses. \"Why aren't you downstairs? We're waiting for you. Oh, the visitors will arrive at any moment!\" Her scolding turned to fretting. Dweeb tilted his head slightly. \"You've… been waiting?\" Oh dear, this wasn't good. He'd hoped his browsing hadn't caused too much trouble for the group, but apparently it already had. Dr. Bleeb motioned back the way she'd come. \"This way, we'll make it if we hurry.\" Dweeb nodded and started off, his lanky strides carrying him much farther than the plump little curator. Downstairs, Louie had assembled the dinosaurs on the platform once again, and was instructing them on the finer points of adult interaction. \"First off, don't move,\" he insisted. \"Or if you're gonna move, act like robots, like you did in the parade.\" Elsa sighed, fluttering her wings. \"For how long, exactly?\" Louie shrugged. \"I guess until the parents leave. It's okay to move with kids and all, but adults…\" he rubbed the back of his neck as he thought. \"Well, you guys remember the parade?\" He hated to bring the Macy's incident up with the group, but it was necessary – after all, one of the big reasons they couldn't be seen outside was prevention of mass panic; last time the NYPD as well as the SWAT was called out for investigation. Woog lowered his horned head. \"But we didn't mean it,\" he offered. \"An' we didn't hurt nobody, right?\" Louie smiled sadly. \"You didn't, but the people didn't know that.\" He waved his hands, as if itching to move. \"We… get afraid of things we don't understand.\" Just then, Dweeb appeared. He smiled sheepishly at the group. \"Uh, hi guys. Sorry about the – oh, hey Louie,\" he interrupted himself as he nodded at the boy. \"Yeah, I was uh, I was… upstairs.\" \"Hey Dweeb,\" Louie greeted, glad to see him. \"How ya been?\" \"Good, I've been good,\" Dweeb found it particularly hard to carry on a conversation if you had three pairs of eyes staring at you – especially if one of those pairs belonged to a tyrannosaurus. Dweeb swallowed, hurriedly. \"Yeah, just great.\" He meekly slid by and mounted the platform. \"So, uh, what are we doing?\" He hoped this simple question wasn't going to rain down Rex and the other's irritation. After all, this wasn't the first time he'd been late. Woog answered, \"I think we've got a lot of grownups coming in this time,\" the triceratops flashed his green friend a sympathetic grin. Out of the four of them, this unlikely duo was the closest as pals and confidantes. \"Grownups?\" Dweeb wrinkled his snout. \"Uh, so what are we supposed to do?\" \"Stay still,\" Rex answered, shortly. He didn't mean to sound so snippy, he was just afraid the parasaur's frequent browsing would take a turn for the worse. Who knows? He might not show up one day. Rex admitted, there was a lot to see in this place, but there was also a time and a place for everything. Dweeb just didn't seem to realize this. \"Stay still? For how long?\" Unused to having large groups of adults roaming the museum, Dweeb was understandably miffed. \"Stay still until they leave,\" Rex's reply came as a grumble. Dweeb decided to back off. If Rex was in a bad mood – he couldn't help thinking a bad mood he'd caused – it was best to just zip it and play along. So Dweeb sighed and stationed himself in his usual pose: body turned one-quarter of the way, and head and crest raised slightly, like he'd caught the scent of something afar off. In fact, Dweeb had caught a sort of scent, a tickly, irritating type of odorless source, one that – oh no! Dweeb held his breath as a defense against the oncoming sneeze. Not here, not now! He pleaded, squeezing his eyes shut. Anytime afterwards, but just not now! The insides of his throat itched from the buildup, and Dweeb got that lightheaded feeling that always preceded a sneeze. Please! Dweeb was focused so fervently on his inner battle that he wasn't aware of the three or four families that trooped into the room just then. He hadn't caught the amazed 'wows' as the parents lifted their young toddlers up on their shoulders to better see the 'statues'. Elsa, perched atop Rex's head, happened to glance sideways towards her green companion and noticed that he was quivering in his rigid posture. What reason was there for that? Her eyes narrowed in confusion. There was no draft, so he couldn't possibly be cold. And why were his eyes closed like that? \"Rex,\" she whispered softly downwards. The tyrannosaur rumbled something deep in his throat, inaudible to the museum visitors below. \"I think something's wrong with–\" before Elsa could even finish her thought, the unspeakable happened. The sneeze decided that no weak stronghold of a held breath could stop it and plowed right on through. Dweeb didn't stand a chance. His body stiffened, he inhaled and then, just as a couple had stepped up, sneezed. \"Ah- CHOO !\" Oyy vey, this can't be good :P[Chapter 4] The window Dweeb was staring out of fogged up with his long exhale. The parasaur was up in the dinosaur wing again, brooding over the events that day. It hadn't been enough that he'd caused a child to cry with his sneeze, but several of the adults in the room actually left much quicker than they had come in. Dr. Bleeb had hurried after them, offering hasty explanations. He hadn't really heard the full story, but he was able to piece together: \"Malfunction in the machinery. Nothing big.\" Nothing big . He'd almost blown their cover, and if that wasn't big, then neither was the Hudson! Dweeb snorted, causing three of the small glass panes to fog up. It was no use trying to apologize. There usually isn't a need to apologize once everyone knows it's your fault and that you probably ruined everything and they may think you're sorry, but it doesn't give you the peace of mind of actually apologizing and meaning it. And I mean it , he sighed as he straightened, skirting around a display case. I really mean it; I'm sorry. In his distress, he hadn't noticed Woog had appeared at the front of the room until the triceratops cleared his throat. \"Hey,\" Dweeb looked up, unsurprised. Woog was usually the first to offer comfort and not just to the parasaur – to everyone, really. \"Hey,\" Dweeb responded in a murmur. Woog tilted his frilled head. \"They ain't mad atcha, y'know?\" He comforted. \"Rex and Elsa, and Bleeb ain't mad. They just got–\" \"Scared,\" Dweeb finished. He was scared, too. Scared of being beamed back to his own time if Dr. Bleeb decided she didn't need dinosaurs here after all. Scared if people found out. \"Yeah,\" Dweeb's crest drooped, betraying him. He looked away from his friend as he turned back to one of the exhibits. \"Hey,\" his voice a false note of interest. \"Take a look,\" he gestured to a triceratops display. Woog grinned faintly. \"I dunno if I've seen the whole museum yet. Just downstairs.\" He knew Dweeb was dodging but he didn't really mind. This was history, after all. No, more than history, this was legacy! Woog gaped at the numerous legacies that were strewn about the room; at the hadrosaurs, raptors, and at the looming T. Rex skeleton. \"Wow\" He breathed. \"Y'know, it doesn't look so bad, without skin and all.\" Dweeb coughed, which he meant as a laugh. \"Sorta leaves somethin' to be desired.\" \"At least with Rex, you're scared.\" Woog's snorted in laughter. \"This… this is nuthin'!\" Dweeb smiled then, glad of the company. Woog was a real pal to cheer him up like this. Turning then, the parasaur happened to glance out one of the windows and there he stopped. Of course he had noticed windows before, and he had looked out these windows multiple times, but this was the first time he really noticed things. And realized things. It was darker outside, evening having crept on, but what prolonged Dweeb's attention was it was completely deserted out there! Outside… I could go outside. His smile grew. \"Hey, thanks Woog!\" He hurried off then, leaving the puzzled triceratops behind. \"Uh, you're welcome, I guess.\" This should prove interesting :3[Chapter 5] Dweeb couldn't believe he had never realized this before; he could go out! He knew about doors, now, and he knew a little more about humans – besides the fact that they had a repetitive habit of screaming at things – that he decided a night out wouldn't hurt. At least as long as he stayed out of sight. Which I can do , he thought, perhaps a little too quickly. The parasaur found himself on the ground floor, headed towards the back exit. He kept a wary eye out, just in case he ran into Dr. Bleeb, or Rex, or – \"Love? Where are you headed?\" Elsa's voice chirped around a corner. She flapped around, landing on his head and looking down into his eyes. \"Uhh, nothing, Elsa.\" He tried shaking her off. \"I… gotta do somethin'.\" \"'Something' what?\" Elsa persisted, not budging. Dweeb frowned. \"Look, I'm just, goin' outside.\" He shrugged like it was no big deal. Elsa's reaction could have fooled him, however. \"Outside? Oh, darling, have you gone daft?\" The pterosaur fretted. \"We-we're not supposed to go outside, and with very good reason!\" Her voice hardened firmly. \"We're considered a danger to the public, a menace, we threaten .\" Dweeb cleared his throat. \"Look, it'll just be me, and I'll stick to the side streets. And anyway, it's late, not many people'll be out, so y'know…\" \"I absolutely forbid it!\" \"Elsa come on ,\" he almost begged. \"Look, I just really need some time to myself, okay?\" \"Well, not out there you don't!\" Elsa retorted. \"What if Rex finds out?\" \"Rex won't find out,\" the parasaur replied, flatly. \"I won't tell him.\" His eyes drifted upwards. \"And… please don't tell him, either.\" Elsa gave a dramatic sigh. \"Oh, very well, I won't. But this is still ridiculous and I am still highly against it!\" She huffed, flapping into the air. \"Darling!\" She called, just before she disappeared down the hall. \"Be careful!\" Dweeb nodded after her retreating figure. Of course he'd be careful! He always intended to be careful, anyway. It wasn't really his fault if things went awry when he was around, even if it sort of was. He shook his head. Almost to the back exit, now. The bright red of the sign glowed faintly in the dimming museum. Dweeb encountered the smallish back door and paused, debating. It looked a tight squeeze, but Dweeb wasn't as large as Rex or Woog and after a few trying grunts and pushes, he'd made it through, stumbling out into the back loading area. It was deserted, fortunately, and a few leaves swirled around his feet and a crisp late-autumn air met him outside. Dweeb took a deep breath and then exhaled. Pure bliss. It felt positively euphoric to be outside again. The parasaur giggled with glee as he started off down the alleyway, towards the street. He paused, looked first one way, and then the other. All clear. Perfect timing , he thought, delighted. The dinosaur took his first step out onto public ground since the Macy's Day Parade fiasco. The pavement beneath his feet and his head in the clouds, Dweeb started off at a sort of jaunty traipse across the street and into the Park just across. The trees were bare and all that remained of their summer clothing drifted lifelessly at their roots. Dweeb continued on. Ten paces from the museum, so far. So far, so good. At one point he encountered two runners. Well, he saw them long before they could have noticed him. The parasaur's crest rose and in a flash, he had ducked behind what was – fortunately – a large oak. The mighty tree hid his bright green self perfectly, and the runners passed by, unaffected. This is so great! Dweeb thought once the coast was clear once again. Just great! I'm out! He glanced back at the path that led back to the museum. By this time, he had been snaked out of sight along the winding footpaths, but this didn't deter him. He was ecstatic! He felt energized and full of momentum. He just wanted to go . Somewhere, anywhere, he had no preference. The feeling of being free… he'd missed it. Sure, being at the museum wasn't all that bad, but nothing, nothing , could beat this. Ohh dear O_o[Chapter 6] Elsa hovered, staring out the front window; her gaze was so intense it might have shattered the glass if she leaned any closer. Dweeb still hadn't returned and it was getting late. Where had he gone, anyway? What was so enticing? And why couldn't he be back sooner to tell her all about it? Elsa didn't mean to feel so jealous… she just did. She heaved as genteel a sigh as she could manage without fogging up the windows – fogging up windows meant you were deep in thought, and Elsa for one didn't want anyone to know she was deep in thought. She was supposed to be covering for the green parasaur, but she was getting more and more nervous as the minutes ticked by. The museum had closed by now, Dr. Bleeb had gone home, and the night guard was on duty. He was a nice chap – Greg was his name. Elsa decided to distract herself by returning to that first night Greg had met the dinosaurs. He'd been flabbergasted, of course – the natural reaction – but he hadn't sprinted away screaming - also another natural reaction. He'd adapted fairly quickly to the presence of extinct reptiles roaming the museum. \"Elsa?\" The Pterodactyl gave a start and nearly lost her balance in the air. She gulped and turned around slowly to face Rex. The tyrannosaur's features were confused. Not in an angry way, more of a what-are-you-doing-staring-so-intently-out-that-wi ndow-are-you-looking-for-someone way. \"Rex!\" Elsa gushed, flapping around his face. \"Darling, you've no idea! I was just thinking of you!\" Elsa's flirtatiousness was usually enough to make Rex beat a hasty retreat, but this time, he stayed – obviously concerned. He cleared his throat to hide his discomfort at this sort of attention and instead posed, \"Do you know where Dweeb is?\" Bugger! Elsa frowned, as if in thought – this situation demanded smoothness. \"Dweeb? No, darling, don't believe I have.\" She gestured with a lazy talon towards the opposite hall. \"I thought he was upstairs.\" Rex bit his lip. \"I… thought I should talk to him. He seemed pretty upset today.\" Elsa nodded in assent with a tender smile. \"What a gallant thing to do! I'm sure he'd greatly appreciate that!\" She hoped she didn't sound too enthused with this statement. Luckily, Rex didn't seem to notice. If anything, he looked distressed. \"I… I dunno, I know this has been tough for him. I mean, it's been tough for all of us, but...\" he paused. \"He's… moodier, lately.\" Elsa nodded again, glad of this excuse to discuss things instead of dodge. \"He does seem a tad – lost, if you will.\" She offered, slowing her frantic wingbeats from before to a hover. Rex nodded as well. \"I just dunno how to help him.\" \"Well, I believe a talk is just the thing he needs.\" The pterosaur said, decidedly. She made a shooing motion with her talons. \"Now now, go on then.\" Rex grinned and made for the stairwell, leading upstairs. Once he was out of sight, Elsa let out a huge, relieved exhale. That was close. Too close for comfort. Any longer and Rex would have… Elsa's attention was diverted to a slow, hesitant creak of a door. Thrilled by this, Elsa zoomed off and was rewarded by the sight of Dweeb as he pushed the door behind him closed with his tail. He looked up with a smile. \"Hi!\" Elsa made a slashing motion across her throat, disciplinarian-style. \"Now, you've got some explaining to do!\" She whispered. Dweeb took a step back, bumping into the wall. \"Wa-what? Why?\" he protested. Elsa flapped up in his face, scowling. \" You , that's bloody what! You're late! And I had to play dodge-and-fib with Rex just now!\" The parasaur looked stunned. \"Rex…?\" \"Was looking for you,\" Elsa finished. \"He said he wanted to talk about earlier.\" Her voice softened a tad, believing her point had gotten across. \"He knows you're upset.\" Dweeb muttered something, and his crest drooped. \"Yeah well…\" \"So what did you see?!\" Elsa practically threw herself at the parasaur. Dweeb edged slightly away from the wall, clearing his throat. \"Uh well… just went around the park, that's all.\" \"Were you seen?\" Dweeb shook his head. \"Nah,\" Elsa nodded, approvingly. \"Now get yourself upstairs!\" She demanded, jabbing a talon towards the stairwell. Dweeb meekly trotted away. Phew! Made it home safe... ish? BTW, thanks to all who have given me such great feedback with this story, I greatly appreciate it :D[Chapter 7] Dweeb wasn't sure if he should be scared out of his wits or relieved that he hadn't been found out. Rex just wanted to talk about that morning – easy as that. The parasaur was surprised to see Rex already up in the dinosaur wing – staring at the big T. Rex skeleton, no less. \"Uh, hey,\" Dweeb greeted cautiously, waving a claw. Rex turned and smiled. \"Hi, Dweeb.\" He nodded to the skeleton. He started walking back to the front of the room. \"I think I can guess why you're always up here.\" He chuckled. Dweeb allowed a small grin as he agreed. \"Yeah. So, uh, you wanted to talk?\" Rex sobered quite suddenly. \"Yeah, I did.\" He paused, awkwardly. \"Look, I just wanted to let you know that it's okay. It happens.\" He shrugged. \"To who?\" Dweeb sounded glum. Rex was surprised. \"Well… happened to me first day we were here.\" He looked down the other hall, almost absently. \"I almost tripped 'cuz my feet were so close together.\" He started to laugh. \"I'm just glad I didn't, especially with all those kids up there.\" Dweeb sputtered. \"Woulda been… an interesting day, then.\" Rex laughed harder. \"Yeah, probably. Probably woulda been kicked out,\" he shook his head and his laughter dwindled. \"So, it's not such a huge deal, y'know?\" \"Nah,\" Dweeb tried to sound nonchalant. \"I just wish they'd sweep down there.\" Rex smiled and nodded. \"So, you okay?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Good,\" Rex sighed. \"So… good talk. Uh, you goin' to the office?\" The 'Office' was really a large, converted storage room downstairs where the dinosaurs usually slept. \"Later. I – I wanna walk for a bit.\" Dweeb started off down the hall, catching Rex's \"G'night,\" before the tyrannosaur retraced his steps back down the stairwell. Once he was out of sight, the parasaur sighed. He was glad that he and Rex had gotten the chance to talk, but he was even gladder of the fact that his little adventure hadn't been discovered. Rex – as the biggest and the strongest of the group – was the leader. It was undisputed common sense, but it was also somewhat unintentional. Rex was the last to join the group aboard Cpt. Neweyes' ship. Elsa was the first, followed by Woog and Dweeb as the second and third. But whatever the happenstance, Rex was the leader, and the group looked up to him. Just as they had last week – it seemed so much longer ago – when they were facing down Professor Screweyes and that horrible Brain Drain. Rex was the deciding factor. Dweeb shivered and quickened his pace, trying to shake that memory out of his head. He could see everything plain as day – changing, reverting. It was scary, and he could do nothing about it. That one tiny pill – it was microscopic compared to him or even Rex – had that much power. The parasaur snorted loudly. He was headed towards the other end of the corridor, also known as the Africa exhibit. He practically sprinted through the doorway and in turn, nearly bowled Woog over, who was just stepping out. \" Yah! \" Dweeb doubled back, waving his arms to sustain his balance. Woog grunted in surprise. And then he laughed. \"Didn't see ya there!\" The triceratops spluttered. Dweeb rolled his eyes good-naturedly. \"'Cuz I didn't wanna be seen, horn-face!\" Woog shook his head. \"Wanna say that a little louder?\" \"Cool it, will ya? I was joking.\" The parasaur grinned. \"I guess I've worn off on you guys. This your first time up here?\" Woog nodded. \"These things are amazing! And they're still alive?\" \"Yeah,\" Dweeb replied. He bit his lip. \"Woog, look… I… I went out.\" The blue head whipped back around. \"Wh-whut? Like, Out-out?\" Dweeb shrugged. \"I… needed time.\" \"Did you… tell Rex? What did he say?\" \"No,\" Dweeb was inspecting one of the stuffed elephants by this time. \"And it was just a one-time thing. That's it.\" Woog, seemingly satisfied, agreed. \"Sure. Why not?\" Why not? WHY NOT?! XDD Another installment, hooray me![Chapter 8] That same night, Ross, Butch, and Pam continued along the Eccentric Circus' grounds, scrounging up nearly everything they could find. Remains of costumes, masks, posters, and even the ruined top tent were among the smorgasbord. Ross, meanwhile, found another bucket labeled Brain Drain , only this bucket was more or less half-full. He gleefully picked it up, scrutinizing the luminescent pills. Not one of the three could explain the mysterious pills, and Ross doubted that anybody else outside would know, either. He had never seen anything like the Brain Drain after all. He held up his trophy as he walked back to his friends. Pam made a face. \"Ugh, that stuff again?\" Ross glared. \"Chill out, will ya?\" \"I'm plenty chilled, Ross, I'm freezin'! \" Pam protested, kicking at one of the rumpled costumes. Ross tossed his head, his blue Mohawk shaking with indignation. \"It's December, whaddya expect, anyway?\" He carefully placed the bucket on the ground. \"Somethin' a little more worthwhile,\" Pam muttered under her breath. Fortunately, no one seemed to hear. Butch, ignoring the argument, had gathered up some of the stray tent materials and proudly displayed them like banners. \"Ross, lookit. Some of the tarp is still connected.\" Ross smiled slowly. \"Perfect.\" He took one end of the cover. It didn't seem in too bad of a shape – a little ratty but otherwise intact. He nodded as he let go. \"Guys, if we keep at this, the Circus'll be back up and in business before you know it!\" Pam was less convinced. \"Ross, we're gonna need more than that shoddy piece of tent if we're plannin' on reserrectin' the Circus.\" \"An' what about Screweyes?\" Butch couldn't help bringing him up. Professor Screweyes' disappearance was rather… spooky. \"What if he comes back?\" \"Then he'll thank us for carryin' on,\" Ross said, sourly. \"An' anyways, we can always get more of this stuff.\" \"Where?\" Butch asked. Pam looked annoyed. \"What are we gonna do, pop into the nearest Kmart?\" Ross raised a brow. \"Why not? They're bound to have loads of what we'll need.\" \"Oh good! Shopping for circus freaks!\" Pam said, sarcastically. Ross ignored her. \"An' I'll take these things down to MacPherson's, tomorrow.\" \"That geezer? What for?\" Pam picked up a ghoul's mask and stuck it over her face. \"Hey! The lights still work!\" Her eyes glowed a ghostly blue in a wizened, gray rubber face. Butch jumped back. \"Geez! Watch it!\" Ross answered coolly. \"Don't wanna take these to any drug store. There'll be questions. Mac'll be fine.\" He glanced up at the moon. It was already waning, but still yielded enough light. He grinned, determinedly. Cause this is Filler! Filling up the time An hour and a half is just too long for uncreative minds! That's right! Get up and be productive! XD[Chapter 9] TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS: I APOLOGIZE FOR THE DELAY IN THIS STORY. LATELY, I'VE BEEN RATHER DRAINED OF CREATIVE ENERGY, BUT REST ASSURED, I HAVE NOT FORGOTTEN ABOUT THIS STORY AND WILL CONTINUE TO UPLOAD WHEN I FIND TIME. I'M SORRY FOR MAKING YOU WAIT :( THANKS FOR ALL YOUR SUPPORT! ~JAKOBI[Chapter 10] Macpherson was a man of many aliases. Some knew him as simply \"Mac\", while others preferred his more professional term: The Expert. Mac was known throughout New York's alleyways and slums as the go-to man for any problems. The guy knew everything there was to know. Ross found himself replaying these thoughts in his head as he sought the tramp out the next morning. There wasn't really any real expectation that Mac would be found – one didn't usually go looking for The Expert. Usually, he would come to you after hearing through the extended grapevine. But Ross didn't want to wait that long. He needed advice here and now, and he bet that if anyone knew anything about these kooky green pills, it'd be Mac. Ross was alone, having left Pam and Butch behind to keep an eye on the circus grounds. They might not see what the circus could be – especially after seeing what it had been – but Ross was determined. Pam and Butch just didn't get it. It was surprisingly mild for December as Ross made his way down a side street. The weak-willed wind breezed past his ankles and stirred up some papers and other trash lying in various piles. \"Where's the fire?\" A wheedly sort of voice almost made Ross jump right out of his jacket. He whirled around, painted eyelids narrowed, suspiciously. A bent old figure appeared out of a corner door, accompanied by a thick cloud of cigar smoke. If anyone would smoke Havanas when ciggies were a lot easier to carry around… it'd be Macpherson. \"Mac,\" Ross greeted, stiffly. He'd come across this rather strange character before, back when he'd been a lot younger. Ross had run away from home when he was thirteen and had literally slammed into Mac, who'd come out of nowhere. Even back then, Ross was a Scare-Freak; it wouldn't have taken a detective to figure that one out. Mac had conned him out of a few bucks, but in return pointed him in the direction of the Eccentric Circus. \"Ross… didn't expect to see you here, of all places.\" \"Whattya mean, 'of all places'?\" Ross sneered. \"I live here.\" \"Not since last year,\" MacPherson's face crinkled up into a snarky sort of grin. \"As I recall, you moved on.\" Ross rolled his eyes. \"So I got a new place, so what?\" He reached into his jacket. \"That's not the reason I'm here, anyways.\" MacPherson raised a bushy eyebrow. Something was off. \"Wha-at?\" His voice was slow, almost curious. Ross grinned. \"Ya ever see somethin' like these?\" He drew out sandwich baggy filled with the glowing pills. Even in daylight, they let off a weak sort of pulse. It was pretty cool. Creepy, but cool. MacPherson inched closer, curiosity overwhelming him. Never had any of his deals been this intriguing. \"Where'd ya get those?\" He asked, voice still betraying his interest. Glowing pills, that wasn't something one saw every day. \"Found 'em,\" Ross' reply was casual, though inwardly he was pleased MacPherson was so obviously enthralled. \"What can ya tell me about 'em?\" \"They… glow, they really do glow,\" the older man shook his head as he backed away, the mystic feeling dying down. \"Listen, only a few people I know who've seen these babies in action.\" \"'Action'?\" \"…Do ya know what those are?\" Ross frowned. \"If I did, I wouldn't be here, old man.\" MacPherson held up some bony claws. \"Okay, okay. Keep ya shirt on. Bein' the Scare-Freak ya are, I figured—\" \" What can ya tell me? \" Ross hissed, taking a single long stride forward. MacPherson jumped back like a mouse that was facing a cat – he looked like one, too. Ross was a good foot taller and about ten pounds heavier than him. Plus, he was a lot younger. The tramp licked his lips. \"I've only seen 'em once. Down at the Circus.\" Ross stopped advancing to listen. \" You went to the Circus?\" He wasn't as surprised as he was disdainful. \"You ain't the type to set foot in that place.\" MacPherson tossed his head. \"Just like you ain't the type to 'move on'.\" \"So I lied; again, so what? \" The younger man's voice was hardening significantly. MacPherson grumbled. \"Ya want these answers? Just how bad?\" Ross paused and sifted around through his pockets. Luckily, he knew what MacPherson liked. At last, he presented with a small square box and tossed it to the old man: Havanas. MacPherson caught the box with a gleam in his eye. \"Now that's more like it.\" He slipped the packet into his own pocket. \"As I was sayin', I only seen those things once. Coupla years back, I was at a night show. Screweyes had just hit it big – you remember, right?\" Ross most certainly remembered. Screweyes' Circus didn't officially 'hit it' till sometime around 1990. No one knew how or why, but the shows just started to get better. Terrifyingly better. \"Anyways, I was out smokin' after the last show when I saw Screweyes leave the big tent. I followed him back to his trailer. He looked like he was carryin' old spare parts 'r somethin' like that.\" The old man took a long drag on his cigar before continuing. It was all Ross could do not to up to shake the answers out of him. \"He had somethin', up in his trailer. Didn't see exactly what, but this weird light glowed through the windows, and the whole thing was hummin' like a motor.\" MacPherson shrugged. \"Heard he kept a UFO in there, at one point,\" his weak chuckle was lost on the rigid Ross. \"Well, he was mutterin' the whole time. Talkin' ta himself, like \"need more a' this, need more a' that,\" an' then I hear the word \"Brain Drain\".\" Brain Drain. Just like the script on the bucket. Ross frowned. \"What does that mean?\" \"Ya got me,\" MacPherson gave an exaggerated stretch. \"About all I know, but I guess I could relocate you to someone… more fitting.\" He grinned, baring a mouthful of yellowed teeth. Ross bit back a grimace as he grumbled. \"What d'ya need?\" Nasty nasty New York accents, drive me barmy! But they're so much fun! Thanks to you all for your patience. I told ya I'd be back ;) ~JFF[Chapter 11] Rex was staying absolutely still – so still in fact that Louie couldn't tell if his friend was even breathing. The boy stood back from the main platform where the dinosaurs were always posed, his arms folded. \"Try lookin' fierce, y'know?\" he suggested. \"I mean, c'mon, you're a T. Rex!\" Rex grunted. \"I thought the point was not to scare anyone,\" he nonetheless complied, opening his mouth in a silent 'roar', spreading his claws and coiling up like he was about to pounce. Louie grinned. \"That's perfect! Right on!\" He gave a thumbs-up. \"And no one's gonna get scared. Why would they come to the museum to get scared?\" Those words sent a cold shiver down Rex's back. \"The Circus is gone, Louie,\" his reply was so soft the boy almost missed it – which was surprising, coming from a dinosaur of Rex's size. Still, Louie caught it. His grin dropped like leaves in autumn and he gulped. \"Hey, sorry about that. I… wasn't thinkin'.\" Rex smiled gently, breaking his pose. \"Not your fault.\" He straightened and exhaled. \"How 'bout some lunch?\" \"I'm famished,\" the boy picked up his fallen pack and swung a lift up on Rex's tail as the dinosaur ambled past. The two had stayed behind from the rest of the dinosaurs as early visiting hours ended. There wouldn't be another wave of museum-goers until sometime after noon. Till then, the museum was relatively free to be explored. Dr. Bleeb had arranged the hours just so after the dinosaurs arrived at the museum. Realizing they had needs and couldn't possibly be required to stand still for that long – really, no one could – the curator made sure various rooms of the museums remained closed for the dinosaurs' convenience. \"Makin' wishes come true?\" Louie asked, with a somewhat sarcastic smirk. After all, that had been the entire reason the four had come all this way. Rex grinned. \"You bet. Everyday.\" Louie's smirk softened a bit. \"I'm glad you guys stayed. It… y'know, it wasn't easy before, and then…\" \"We flattened you?\" The remark drew wild peals from the small boy. So much that he very nearly toppled off the tyrannosaur. \"Yeah, you did! Guess that knocked me back a few years, huh?\" \"Guess so,\" By this time, the two had reached the cafeteria and gift shop. It was unusually empty for midmorning – the guards and directors sat in the corner, while the dinosaurs and Dr. Bleeb took up a table near the front. Rex and Louie joined them. \"I say, Louie,\" Elsa asked, politely clearing her throat between bites of salad – Elsa held a small bowl of the stuff, and used her talons to spear pieces of vegetation. \"Where's Cecilia?\" Louie slid down off Rex's tail. \"I guess she's still in school,\" he shrugged as he pulled up a chair. \"Why ain't you?\" Woog asked. Louie grinned slightly. \"I volunteer here, remember?\" \"Didn't think volunteerin' took this long,\" Dweeb spoke up. He'd been quiet most of the morning, still brooding about yesterday. He was beginning to realize that the 'one-time thing' wasn't enough. The fresh air, the smells, the feeling of solid pavement beneath his feet – the parasaur was in a sticky situation. Louie shifted at that. Leave it to Dweeb to hit the nail on the head. He caught his friends' gazes as they glanced his way. Something was up and they knew it. Louie heaved a sigh. \"I…I'm not exactly in school, at the moment.\" That small piece of news brought a huge gasp of surprise. \"What!\" Elsa gushed, scattering small pieces of lettuce from her open beak. Woog's jaw dropped, and Dweeb gave a start of surprise, his thoughts shoved to the back of his mind. Rex frowned, concerned. \"What do you mean, 'not in school'?\" Dr. Bleeb asked, gently. Louie hunched his shoulders so high his head almost disappeared into his jacket. \"I've… been suspended. It's temporary, so I'll be going back, but…\" \"What happened?\" Rex broke in. \"Got in a fight.\" Louie clenched his fists at the memory. \"Some punk mouthed off, so I clocked him one. My ma went berserk.\" \"As well she should!\" Elsa blurted, before she could think. \"Louie dear, what were you thinking? \" Louie finally faced his friends, his dark eyes were fierce with defense. \"I gotta stick up for myself! I can't just step back, not from a fight!\" Rex paused before he answered. This was flashback number two for him. He remembered facing that eerie green pill and not being able to step back. But this was an entirely different scenario. \"Louie,\" he started. \"You didn't have to fight,\" \"Yeah, I did!\" Louie swung around to face Rex and the tyrannosaur felt a pang seeing that expression of betrayal. The boy had thought that of all people – well dinosaurs – Rex would assuredly have understood! \"And if you can't accept that-!\" Louie broke off, his voice catching. He clutched his backpack and stood up hurriedly. \"Whatever,\" he muttered, darkly. \"I gotta scram, anyway.\" He stalked out the doors without another word. The dinosaurs were momentarily stunned, especially Rex. It was several seconds of tense silence until Dweeb finally cleared his throat and slid meekly away from the table, mumbling a quick, \"Be right back,\" in passing. With his long strides, the parasaur caught up to Louie before he headed out the doors, and planted a green foot directly in the boy's path. Louie stopped short and snapped his gaze upwards, glaring at the dinosaur. Dweeb flinched slightly, but didn't back away. \"H-hey,\" he tried, weakly. \"Listen, don't be like that, Lou.\" \"Why not?\" Louie turned his face and wiped it with his sleeve. Dweeb bit his lip. \"'Cuz it doesn't help.\" He moved around to look the boy in the eye, bending down to make actual contact. Louie's face was red, but no tears fell – or at least no new tears had fallen that the boy hadn't yet wiped away. \"We're… worried about you is all.\" Louie's laugh was choked. \"Dunno' why. I'm goin' back to school in a few days.\" \"Well, yeah…\" the parasaur was stuck. His whole idea of giving a positive pep-talk needed serious mending, and fast. \"But that's not the point,\" this sounded halting and lame, even to him. \"Then what is?\" Louie was surprised at how venomous this reply came out as. Dweeb noticed, and it got him stuck even more. \"Uhh…\" \"Can I just leave?\" Dweeb's mind raced as he tried to come up with a reasonably quick comeback, something that would make the boy stay, but before he could say anything else, Louie side-stepped the giant foot and was out the doors in a thrice, leaving Dweeb in the dust. The parasaur sagged, crest drooping several inches. He finally turned back and made his slow way back down the hallway. There had been so many things he'd wanted to say – reassurances, jokes, anything that would've left this day a little lighter than it was now. But it didn't work. Can I not screw things up? The parasaur thought, bleakly as he continued down the hall. He made for the back exit. He needed time. Again. Dweeb, dear, we seriously need to have a talk about your pep-talk skills...[Chapter 12] Ross hadn't really ever considered himself as a smoker – chain-wise at least. Sure, he smoked, but never as much as well, certain individuals. Certain individuals that were known otherwise as The Expert. Lagging behind the smaller man now, Ross instantly regretted any cigarette he ever took. Mac's Havana left a thick cloud of putrid fumes in his wake and it was all Ross could do to not gag. \"Where we goin'?\" He asked through a choked breath. Mac didn't answer. Not at first. After a moment's hesitation, he replied snappishly, \"I'll let ya know when we're there.\" \"How long'll that be?\" Mac turned one eye on the younger man. \"Long. Cool it and enjoy the scenery.\" Not that there wasn't scenery to enjoy – they were going through Central Park, after all. The Park was bleak in the early winter weather – trees were practically stripped of all foliage, save for the few bravest stems that quivered in the bone-chilling breeze. But still, there was no snow to indicate winter's wrath had arrived. Ross huddled in his jacket, nonetheless. Mac was being strangely cryptic about all this. Then again, Ross wasn't exactly on friendly terms with the man, so he had little better idea of how the tramp should act otherwise. But on otherwise second or third-based impressions, The Expert was broody and quiet. \"You're quiet,\" Ross decided to comment, interrupting his internal monologue of thoughts. Mac snorted. \"That a crime in this area? Just zip it, already.\" Ross scoffed under his breath. \"Well, you could at least tell me who we're lookin' for. Ya owe me that much.\" Mac considered. \"An old buddy of mine. He's by the docks.\" \"Is he,\" Ross asked, though it didn't exactly sound like a question. Mac finally growled. \"Look, ya wanted answers, an' he can give 'em to ya. Now just button up!\" Ross decided to give up - though his actual retaliation was a venomous glare at the back of Mac's grizzled head; at the limp gray strands peeking out under a battered old Yankees cap. Seriously, did this guy ever wash? Or brush, for that matter? Not that hygienic options often presented themselves to those of the homeless persuasion, but it was certainly doable. Judging by the way the two men headed, Ross guesstimated the mysterious location to be off the Hudson River. As it turned out, the guesstimate was spot-on. Ross found himself entering the docks shortly after noon. The yard was surprisingly empty and quiet, and Mac took off like a shot in the other direction immediately upon entering. Ross frowned after the man. He wasn't exactly sure why this had to be so hush-hush, and not knowing made him annoyed. Had he stumbled upon something that big, and if so, why couldn't someone just tell him? Mac returned moments later with a man who looked like he was fresh off the Olympic Weight-lifting Team. He was massive. Ross actually felt himself shrinking back away from the advancing giant. Mac seemed to smirk as he turned to make the introductions. Ross licked his lips and waited. \"Ross, I'd like ya to meet Lenny.\" Mac put his hand - dwarfed in comparison - on the man's shoulder. \"This is Ross,\" \"You askin' 'bout Screweyes?\" Lenny cut right to the chase. His voice was harshly accented, like the type you'd hear in those old mob movies. Ross nodded slowly, keenly aware that he was shivering and he doubted it was because of the cold. Lenny shook his head in reply. \"It's a bad web to get yaself in. Tough to get back out.\" Ross reached into his jacket and pulled out the baggy. The pills were still letting off their eerie shimmer. \"Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. What can ya tell me about these?\" Lenny's eyes widened, and he actually doubled back a few steps. \"Where the heck did ya get those ?\" He breathed, his voice gone raspy. \"I found 'em. At the old site. They look like some kinda pill. Do ya know about 'em?\" Ross felt his resolve returning bit by bit. If such a big guy was put off by such a tiny object, that had to be something big, right? Lenny's confirmed that. He exhaled slowly. \"Yeah, I know about 'em.\" He paused. Ross' impatience was surfacing again. \"And?\" He lowered the bag; maybe the pills were distracting him. Lenny continued, slowly. \"Look, it's a long story, and I ain't gonna talk about all of it, but what I can tell ya is those things are somethin' dangerous.\" \"What, ya mean addicting?\" Lenny shook his head, eyes widening in emphasis. \"Worse. Ya know Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?\" Weird change of the subject, but okay. Ross wasn't going to argue this close to a find. \"Been a while since I read it, but I remember.\" He stopped and glanced down at the bag. \"So, what are you saying? These pills...?\" \"They do something to ya, make ya... go crazy.\" Lenny finished, voice quiet. He looked at his feet. Ross frowned and folded his arms. \"Okay tell me. Your story. Tell me the whole thing.\" Nothing like a cliffhanger for a comeback ;) More to come, lovelies! ~Jakobi ","Summary":" One dark early December night, the air was biting and threatened snow, but none fell. Thin ice shee"},{"Movie":"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story","Title":"Children of the Wild","Author":"DeenaSoraDrake","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5726999","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own \"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story\". The 1993 movie is owned by Steven Spielberg, his animation studio Amblimation, and is distributed by Universal Pictures. The 1987 book the movie is based on is owned by its author Hudson Talbott and its publisher, Dragonfly Books. I only own the original character. Trees and water stretched for miles across a vast prehistoric wetland. Within the seemingly endless branches of rivers swam large fish that would rival today's record catches, and other aquatic life. Along the stretches of sandy beaches roamed various animals, including dinosaurs, like small herds of long-necked plant-eating dinosaurs known to us as Paralititans that would slug along or stop for refreshment. Also calling these wetlands home was a large predator known to us as Spinosaurus. Scaling about 16 or so feet (4.87 meters) tall, almost as tall as three grown men on top of each other, and about 50 feet (15.24 meters) in length, about as long as two school buses and a subcompact car lined up bumper to bumper, she was one of the largest predatory dinosaurs that ever lived. What really made her stand out, though, was the sail on her back about 5.5 feet (1.67 meters) tall, and her snout, which was about 3 feet long from tip to cheek. She walked along one of the beaches, watching the river next to her for her favorite prey, the little scaly creatures that swam through water. Her luck had been down recently, and she was hoping to snag something soon. She suddenly saw movement in the water close by. She slowly dipped the outer half of her snout into the water, and slowly opened her mouth for the trap. While she waited for her prey, she made sure to breathe through her nostrils set high on her snout. She glanced over to where she saw the movement in the water, and noticed that it was still coming towards her, but was starting to look to swim around her trap. She waited a few more moments, and that possibility was looking to come true. No longer patient, the Spinosaurus took her mouth out of its trap position, and started wading into the water, snapping at the movement. She could now see that it was a couple scaly swimmers, but they quickly evaded her snapping jaws of curved teeth, and darted away through the water. Irritated, the Spinosaurus emerged her snout from the water, and while water still dripped down from it, she gave out a loud roar: GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWRGH! She then heard a strange noise coming from the space above the area. She searched for the sound until she saw a huge round object flying through the sky on several sets of wings that look too small to be able to support the object, but it was making its way toward her island. Not sure what it is, she waded further into the water, submersing her whole body except for the top of her head, and some of her spine stuck out. She watched the object fly overhead, and land somewhere in the flat greens on the island she was on. She waded out of the water, and made her way into the flat greens in the direction she saw the object fly. A couple moments later, she saw the large object where it had landed. There was an empty space in the underside of it now, and a flat object underneath the empty space, and it seemed to be attached to the empty space at either side of its shorter sides. As soon as she took this in, she noticed that two creatures were walking away from the large flying object, and further into the flat greens. One was about as tall as her knee, and walked on two feet. The other was not much more in her eyes than one of the buzzing pest creatures of which she encounters a lot, only this one had a very unusually round head compared any of the pest creatures she's known. She got set to follow them, thinking the taller one could be an easy snack, but then a strong scent caught her attention. It smelled like meat, possibly the kind she manages to get from one of the other large creatures in her area, only this smelled like a sweeter meat than anything she's tasted. She followed the scent, turning her head back toward the large flying object, as that was where the scent seemed to be coming from. She walked up to the large object cautiously, but her hunger pressed her on toward the scent of meat. Although lights were shining from the object, it didn't seem to be alive, she decided. She pauses at the empty space, noticing that there was space inside the large object, and her instincts told her somewhere inside was the food she was seeking. She looked at the space between the ground underneath the space, and the place where she will be standing inside the object. She noticed a large rock, about as tall as the taller new creature she saw, right next to one of the longer sides of the flat object on the ground, between the two things that were attaching the flat object to the large flying object. She studied the rock and the opening into the large object for a minute or two, trying to let her instinct form an idea. She took a step back, then lunged herself toward the rock. Getting close enough, she reached out with one leg, stepping on the rock, then used her momentum to rebound off the rock and upward into the opening. Letting her instinct wing the rest of her way in, she thrust her arms out, digging her claws into the material of the large object, while bringing her free foot up to grasp the edge of the opening. Using her combined momentum and strength in her arms and legs all in one move, she half pulled, half crawled in through the opening. Bringing herself back upright, she immediately sniffed for the sweet meaty scent. She instantly found it again, and she followed it forward. She could also faintly smell other scents- it smelled like three large creatures, sort of like the kinds she shared her home land with, but these new ones didn't smell like ones from around her area. She didn't think any more on them, and continued following the sweet scent. It led her to a smaller opening at the far end of the inside, about as tall as her, and an obstruction was in front of the opening, mostly blocking entry into the opening, but there was still a little bit open. The Spinosaurus let her instincts again hatch an idea. She placed her clawed hands on either side of the obstruction, and tried to pull it away from the opening. In the process, she discovered that it wasn't as heavy as she guessed, and also one side of it was attached to one side of the opening, but the obstruction still unblocked the opening. She poked her head into the opening; she could feel cold air from inside it, but the sweet scent, now stronger than ever, encouraged her inside. She slouched her body as she walked into the opening so her back could fit under the top of it. She took one step at a time into the space, which she found had a little source of light in the middle of the top of it. She only slightly noticed the other varieties of food lined up on flat objects on either side of her, but she ignored this food, knowing it was mostly for the type of large creatures she hunted, the kinds that ate the flat green food. Most of her attention was directed straight ahead, where she saw piles of little food objects, round and a little long at the same time, and from the smell, they were meat, the same sweet scent she had been following. She instantly snapped her mouth out to them, grabbing several at once. She bit down on them, and their relatively sweet flavor filled her mouth, and she swallowed a little bit of the meat down. However, there was a subtle bite in the flavor she didn't like. She slowly bit down on them again, and the…zing overwhelmed her taste buds (how did she know those words?). The taste was so horrible to her that she spat out the meat before she finished the second bite. She growled in distaste, and then felt something in her mind, a feeling of growth and increasing activity. She could feel her instincts grow weaker, and her thoughts stronger. She let herself look down while her mind grew, and noticed that her…claws on her…feet and hands broaden and dull on their own. She found herself confused both how her claws were doing this, and also how she suddenly knew words she'd never known before. She almost wanted to guess that it was something in the meat she ate. \"Well, what do we have here, Vorb?\" a voice said behind her. She lifted her head back up, turning it to one side so that she could see behind her, back towards the…doorway. Standing there was an old human man, with a white moustache, and white hair showing from the back of his head, and in large tufts behind each ear, with a lone tuft on the very top of his head. It was the same man she saw walk into the vegetation earlier. He was now carrying a few types of plants, including ferns and even some sort of plant that was obviously from the river. She noticed that his facial expression was nothing short of a mix between wondering and curiosity. Over one shoulder she saw the little hovering green creature, which she could now see was actually wearing a clear protective bubble around his head…an air helmet of some sorts? The little creature was hovering in the air using some sort of device behind his back from which came a little pole that ended with something spinning…propellers? Once again, her rapidly growing vocabulary astounded the Spinosaurus. \"What should we do with her, sir?\" the little creature…Vorb did the man call him? \"Well, Vorb, I don't think we have much choice here, but don't worry. I know just what to do about our stowaway,\" the man said with a smile.[Chapter 2] \"Oh, come on. Please, captain? I know I can behave,\" the Spinosaurus pleaded. She was in the third and topmost deck of the ship. In front of her was the old man from before, whom she had learned was called Captain Neweyes. In his right hand, he held a mug of a steaming liquid with a spoon sticking in it, possibly tea, since he kept fiddling inside the liquid with the spoon every once in a while. The little alien called Vorb had just left for some important matter Neweyes assigned him. The room was quite large, extending the whole length of the ship. In the middle of the floor behind where the Spinosaurus and Neweyes were standing, and a little towards the rear of the ship, was a hole for the elevator shaft for the lift that carried the ship's inhabitants between the decks. In the middle of the room in the more frontal part of the ship were curtains surrounding something in a circular fashion. Whatever the curtains were concealing, it was glowing with such a bright light, the curtains seemed to be glowing, and most of the room's illumination was coming from it. A spot shone on one of the walls of the ship, from reflected light from the gold medal the Spinosaurus had around her neck. The medal read, \"MY NAME IS CLEO.\" \"I know you can, Cleo, but I don't know for sure if you're completely tamed like the others. If you're not, you could be harboring the potential as a danger to the children. Since you didn't become intelligent in the same way as the others, I can't take that risk,\" Neweyes replied solemnly. \"Then why not just give me some sort of antidote and release me back into the wild?\" Cleo asked, disheartened with an equally solemn tone as Neweyes's had been. She expressively hunched her body, drooping her head and tail to her mood, and turning her head away to one side. \"Why keep me at all?\" Captain Neweyes hesitated, as if he was reminded of something, something he didn't want to remember. \"Because I do not have an antidote for the effects of my Brain Grain, Cleo. I believe everyone deserves the chance for intelligence. Taking it away would be cruel,\" he answered, before finally turning to look up at her. \"Besides, despite the possibility that you may have a violent spark in you still, I'm not giving up on you just yet. I just need to keep an eye on your behavior to see if you need special training,\" he added, but with a slightly more encouraging tone. Cleo looked at him from the corner of one eye, and gave a small smile in response. Suddenly, Cleo heard a small sound. It was an aggressive growling roar, and it sounded like it was coming from the bottom deck. Cleo analyzed the sound only for a moment. \"You're inducting a predator for the mission?\" she asked Neweyes with complete interest, standing back up from her drooping stance. \"Yep. A Tyrannosaurus Rex .\" \"Why a T. Rex ?\" \"He was a popular request, and I couldn't refuse. Bringing along a Tyrannosaurus would fulfill a lot of children's dreams and wishes,\" Neweyes replied. Is that another reason why I'm not joining the mission to fulfill children's dreams of meeting real live dinosaurs? Because my kind was not wished for? , Cleo sadly thought. 000000000000000000 For a couple hours afterwards, the top deck was enveloped in silence. Cleo was at the front part of the room, looking out the large window at the night sky outside, finished with the hot dogs Vorb had brought up for her while he was serving food; Cleo believed this meant the other dinosaurs on the ship were having the same thing. Neweyes was behind her, watering his large-leafed plants. Vorb was floating among the plants where the water sprinkled down while humming contentedly. Neweyes put down the watering can to check a leaf with his hands. A ding sound broke the silence. Cleo turned to face towards the other end of the ship. The elevator lift had just come up, and on it were four dinosaurs. One was a green, buck-toothed male dinosaur Cleo knew of the plant-eating type, possibly a Parasaurolophus. Another was a blue male Triceratops. Perched on his crest was a purple female flying dinosaur (pterosaur) with bat-like wings and a long skinny tail that ended in an arrowhead shape, perhaps a Pterodactylus. The most noticeable of the four, however, was the orange male Tyrannosaurus. Cleo found herself wondering if he was all ready becoming the unofficial leader of their group. She saw that they were glancing over at her with expressions of surprise and wonder. \"Greetings, friends, and welcome to my ship,\" Neweyes addressed the group of four, stepping away from his plants, and pouring more hot liquid into his mug. \"I'm Captain Neweyes.\" Neweyes picked up his mug and started walking toward the group of four. \"I live in the far future, where all the species and all the planets have had to learn how to get along, eh, Vorb?,\" he continued, then glanced over at Vorb, who had picked up the end of the Tyrannosaurus's tail. Vorb dropped the tail when he realized he was being addressed. \"That's the truth, skipper,\" he replied. \"I made a fortune with my Brain Grain cereal,\" Neweyes went on, turning his back as the four started stepping off the lift and over towards where he was standing. Cleo decided to go stand beside them, standing on the left side of the Tyrannosaurus. \"And now in my golden years, I've been trying to give something back. I'm trying to make a few wishes come true,\" Neweyes explained while stirring his drink again. \"And with that in, I invented this,\" he added, pointing his spoon toward the circular curtains. The curtains opened in a split fashion, the ends automatically rolling backwards circularly, revealing a little circular table with a small circular mechanical device sitting on top of it. The device had a knob in the middle near the bottom, and three lit panels arching over the knob. Neweyes put the spoon back into his mug. \"It's a wish radio,\" he told the dinosaurs, while gesturing to it in a displaying manner with his newly freed hand. He then made a gesture to tell them to hold their responses and wait for him to continue. He then walked over to the device and placed his free hand on it, looking at it with a proud look in his eyes. \"With it, I can hear what people are wishing for, especially young people because they wish the loudest,\" he explained while walking around in front of it. \"Now, let me tune into this one station in the middle future,\" he said, while turning the little knob back and forth a few times before releasing it where the middle panel was glowing brighter than the other two panels. Instantly, large bubbles began emerging seemingly from behind the radio, and there were sounds of laughter, laughter from children. The bubbles quickly began to spread throughout the room, and Cleo could see that in each one was an image of a child, and they were making a wish. Their wishes filled the room. Cleo couldn't help but overhear one bubble floating by the Tyrannosaurus: \"I wish I could see…a Tyrannosaurus Rex,\" the boy in the bubble stated, the \"Rex\" part echoing. \"Rex? Why, Captain, that's me!\" the Tyrannosaurus exclaimed excitedly. \"Th-that's me,\" he repeated, only more in a humble yet flattered tone. So his name is Rex, huh? Cleo thought curiously. \"I wish I could see one of those flying dinosaurs,\" another bubble said. This one was by the Pterodactylus, and the boy inside it waved his arms out and spun like a propeller, almost in a pretend airplane gesture as he made his wish. \"Why, that's me. I fly,\" the Pterodactylus said happily as she let the bubble float into her right wing, as another bubble floated into her left wing. \"I wish I could see…an Apatosaurus,\" said shyly yet another bubble, this one floating and hovering by the Parasaurolophus. \"Gol-ly. This is great,\" the dinosaur said, smiling as another bubble came up to hover by his face. \"I wish I could see a Triceratops,\" Cleo heard a bubble say, but she couldn't find where it came from. \"I wish I could see dinosaurs, dinosaurs!\" exclaimed a bubble with a girl wearing trousers and a striped shirt. Cleo followed this one with her eyes, and just beyond it she could see the Triceratops being lifted off the floor by dozens of bubbles. \"Son of a gun-o-saur,\" he chuckled. \"That's us!\" He then began using the support from the bubbles to swim in the air. \"That's right, that's you,\" Neweyes replied. Cleo looked back over at Neweyes. A big bubble had just come out from the radio, and he caught it in his hands. Inside the bubble were two girls taking turns hugging a large plush doll that resembled Rex down to the orange color. 'There are a lot of children down there in this one particular time that miss you, and they're wishing for you. I've never heard a louder wish. So I gave you a little Brain Grain,\" he explained, then turning to Rex, holding up the big bubble so Rex could see it. \"Now you're smart enough to make up your own minds.\" \"Who's that?\" Rex asked softly and curiously. Neweyes looked at the bubble. \"They're young people, boys and girls,\" he replied before looking back up at Rex. \"They wanna meet you. What do you say?\" Rex paused his answer, and Cleo saw that another bubble had grabbed his attention. Rex caught it gently in his hands. Taking a few steps forward to get a better look, Cleo could see it was a boy with black hair with a red cap and a thick faded black jacket. He was sitting on the floor, looking bored while playing with a model raft on wheels. \"Gee. I wish I had a friend,\" the boy said, the word \"friend\" echoing a few times just before the bubble popped. Rex hesitated, looking in deep decisive thought for a couple moments. \"We'll do it!\" he proclaimed excitedly. \"Why not? I'd love to,\" Cleo heard the Parasaurolophus say. \"By all means,\" the Pterodactylus cooed with a strong tone of admiration in her voice. Cleo watched another bubble float by her. This one had a little girl with light brown hair, and wearing light purple trousers with a shirt underneath of a soft shade of pink. She was looking longingly from what appeared to be a large window, and on the other side of a glass was a yellow hat on display. The hat was semi-flat in all around design, with a large brim, and a blue ribbon around the crown. \"I wish I had a…a Thanksgiving hat,\" the girl in the bubble said, smiling in at the hat.[Chapter 3] The ship rose from the ground, and started ascending into the sky. Cleo watched through a window, and saw that the ship rose past the clouds, and pretty soon, she could see the entire land mass they were on, and the other continents floating on a mass of blue color. The ship soon stopped quite a distance away from the planet, enough that the full planet was in view, along with the sun peeking behind it. Cleo heard a switching sound behind her. She glanced around, and saw that Vorb had pulled down a lever she had never known about before, and it was now on a setting that read \"MIDDLE FUTURE.\" She turned her head back to the window in time to see something quite unexpected. The planet started spinning at an astounding rate, and the sun was zipping back and forth in diagonals behind it at the same speed. A moment later, the planet and sun started slowing down, until both had paused, with the sun peering its light onto the western edge. Cleo heard Vorb sigh with admiration beside her. She wondered how long he'd been there, but before she could think on it, a gadget on his wrist began vibrating and ringing wildly. He cleared his throat. \"Ahem, excuse me!\" he called, and to Neweyes, Cleo assumed. \"Captain Neweyes, sir, we've arrived!\" Vorb continued. He then did a strange tune of whistling, almost in a pep rally attitude. \"Thank you, Vorb,\" Neweyes replied. Cleo noticed Neweyes was holding a bubble in his hands, which he released upwards as he said, \"Now open the pod bay doors.\" Just then, Cleo heard something opening, and glanced over towards the front of the ship. She saw the other dinosaurs were all ready over there, walking toward a hole in the floor, where doors had just opened. Cleo was curious now, and walked hastily over to where the others were standing in awe. She looked down the hole, and saw many structures making scattered small lights in the vast darkness covering them. She supposed it was late night or early morning for those living down there. \"It's a world covered with jewels,\" the Pterodactylus almost whispered in her awe. \"Yeah,\" the green Parasaurolophus agreed enthusiastically. \"Look at all those lights,\" Rex observed in an almost whisper as well, in a tone of wonder. They all stared down at the…city below for a couple moments more until doors closed the hole once again. Cleo still amazed herself with her recent explosion of vocabulary, and she smiled at herself at this thought. She heard Neweyes scurry about behind them. Glancing around, she saw him dim the lights within the ship down to almost complete darkness. She noticed one of his hands was clenched into a fist. She saw him then pick up a small gadget that looked like a style of lantern. Suddenly sensing presence around her, she peered at her sides, and saw the other dinosaurs had come up to stand next to her, with their attentions all toward Neweyes. \"Now there's two people down there you should know about,\" Neweyes began, and waved his fisted hand behind him, and a large cloud of smoke or the like appeared behind him. Instantly after releasing it, he repositioned his grip on the lantern-like gadget, and at the same time, turning it on somehow. It cast a light onto the cloud, and on the cloud appeared the image of a small old human lady with white hair and big glasses. She was standing on a small step, and she appeared to be painting a sign using a canvas. So far there was one word on the sign, \"WELCOME,\" and it took up the entire top half of the sign. 'One person is there to help you. Her name is Doctor Julia Bleeb,\" Neweyes continued. \"I like her face, it's so full of character,\" Cleo heard the Pterodactylus say, again with strong admiration in her voice. \"Welcome, welcome!\" the Dr. Bleeb projection said. \"She knows you're coming. She needs you to fulfill the wishes of many children,\" Neweyes explained. The projection all of a sudden disappeared. \"Her address is, the Museum of Natural History,\" Neweyes told them, giving a wink at the end. \"The Museum of Natural History,\" Rex repeated. Cleo looked at Rex, and saw that he had his eyes closed, and she figured he was scribing the information into his memory. Rex then reopened his eyes, and copied the wink right back at Neweyes. Neweyes then twisted the lens on the lantern-like projector as he continued. \"Now, the other person you should know about is my brother, Professor Screweyes,\" He raised the projector once more. The projection that came out of it showed a man that looked a lot like Neweyes, but was wearing mostly black, and was crying out maniacally with crows flying around him. 'He's cruel, and he's insane,\" Neweyes started, as the projection continued moving. The Screweyes projection turned his face forward, as if he was looking at them now. Cleo couldn't help but instantly notice that in the socket of his left eye was the head of a large screw. The dent in the head was positioned vertically, making that eye appear to have an evil pupil. Screweyes's face itself was in a dark, mean-looking expression, and his growling mouth showed four teeth, two on the top and two on the bottom. His face grew larger to fill the cloud until the cloud broke and disappeared as Neweyes went on. 'He travels around down in this time causing mischief,\" Neweyes told them as he started walking toward the other end of the ship, looking bummed at recalling the thought of his evil brother. \"He was driven mad by the loss of his eye long ago. My advice to you is, find Doctor Bleeb and stay well clear of my dark and unhappy brother.\" 'Beyond that,\" Neweyes added, changing his tone to a more positive one, putting his hand to his mustache thoughtfully, and taking a few steps back towards them. \"Just try not to step on anybody,\" he pointed out with slight playfulness. It must be time for them to go onto the mission , Cleo thought. I wonder if I should try to go with them, and prove to the Captain that I am tame enough for children . Before she could make another thought, she saw Vorb quickly strap packs onto all the other four, except the Pterodactylus. \"All right, you got their boat ready, Vorb?\" Neweyes inquired in a commanding voice. It's now or never, Cleo , Cleo thought decisively as she let her own thoughts and resolve tune out the rest of what was said. She slunk herself from Neweyes, knowing he's too preoccupied with seeing the other four dinosaurs off to notice. She looked around, and saw a storage room nearby with its door still slightly open. She snuck her way as stealthily and hastily as she could towards it, figuring that's where Vorb had been. She was right. Inside, she saw more of the packs Vorb had put on the four. Just then heard a simultaneous scream. She quickly glanced over, and saw that the hole had reopened, but the other four had disappeared. She did see two claws grasping the rim of the hole, though. Don't tell me they were… Cleo thought, but found herself unable to finish the thought, afraid that she was right. \"You've gotta be kidding!\" she heard Rex call out. Cleo knew she was running out of time. Taking out one, and briefly figuring out the two straps on the pack, she dipped her head down, letting the pack go behind her neck as she simultaneously slipped each of her arms through the straps. She then saw Vorb fly towards the hole, holding a small crowbar, big enough for him to be able to use. Oh no… she thought. Vorb landed next to the now one claw gripping onto the ship, placed one end of the crowbar underneath it, and in a second, the claw disappeared, and more screams followed, and which began to fade. Cleo was shocked. The other dinosaurs were now falling who knows how great a distance from the ship to the world below. She began to realize that she would have to make the same plunge. The Captain wouldn't let them die from the impact they would have, though , Cleo thought. I wonder if these packs will somehow save them, and me, from that? She darted for the hole as soon as Vorb turned his back from it. She slunk around his vision, and to the hole. She made a quick glance down the hole. The distance down was vast indeed. She gulped, closing her eyes, and leaped down the hole, immediately hearing after doing so a sound of doors closing.[Chapter 4] Cleo immediately found herself plunging toward the world below as if she were a large boulder, and she became afraid of smashing into a million pebbles upon impact. Thinking fast, she remembered the pack on her back. Neweyes wouldn't let the chosen dinosaurs fall without something to break their fall so they wouldn't die on impact; that would totally destroy the whole purpose of their mission , she thought. Then she looked down for the others. She saw that three round puffy cloths had appeared where the dinosaurs should have been. One cloth was orange, another green, and the other blue. Cleo found herself instantly, and again, randomly, knowing what the cloths were. Parachutes! It can only be the Brain Grain telling me that, but these packs are parachutes! I knew there had to have been an importance to these packs! She glanced at either side of her pack as she could see, and on the left-hand strap, she could see a little handle that looked important. Without thinking, Cleo instantly reached a claw up to it, and pulled the handle, finding as she was doing so that it was attached to the pack by a thin yet strong cord. She felt something happen inside the pack, and after a second, the pack felt a little lighter as the parachute was released from the pack. Cleo instantly felt it jerk her upwards as it filled with air in an instant, and she found herself grabbing onto the cords of the parachute out of reflex. She looked up at the parachute, and noticed the yellow color to it. She looked downwards to see how far the others were, and found herself even higher from them than she had been. She could see their parachutes as small colored spots against the dark blue color below them. It was then she noticed that the sky had been brightening up; the sun was rising. She looked around upon the world below. Off to one side, was a vast city of buildings of various sizes. Directly below her was water, on which she could barely see a tiny brown and white object, but it was too far away yet to make out. She watched as the other dinosaurs landed at that spot, seemingly right on top of the brown and white object. She could barely make out their splashes, and the fading colors of the three parachutes, which were probably slipping off as the three non-flying dinosaurs fell into the water. All Cleo could do was watch as she continued her slow descent. She saw the tiny dots of their heads amongst the water, and they seemed to be on a separate oval-shaped color around them, a dark grayish blue. Cleo remembered Neweyes mentioning a boat just before he had them dropped from the ship. The dinosaurs didn't seem to be going anywhere in the boat, but she did notice them gradually manage to stand in the boat. Maybe I can catch up to them before they find a way to motorize the boat toward land , she thought with some hope, but a new thought came to her. But what am I going to say? Surely they'll suspect my reasons for being here when I wasn't dropped with them. Now a little closer, and almost to the water, Cleo was feeling ready to be out of the air, but still not entirely ready for the conversation she knew would come. Just then, she noticed the others' boat begin to move, and at a fair pace toward the city. She also noticed a tiny black dot amongst them, but she decided not to think anything of it for now. Cleo finally made contact with the water, landing in it with a big splash. While she was almost completely submerged from the landing, she felt the straps of the parachute pack slide up her arms, just as she was beginning to feel the parachute tug against her as it sank into the water. Cleo was somewhat relieved for the pack coming off, thus saving her from drowning, but she found herself with a different problem- she had no boat or anything of the sort to transport herself with. Then she heard a pattern of swooshing noises in the water. She found that her feet were paddling in the water, appearing like they were running without going anywhere, and the toes appearing like they were trying to grab something in the water; her feet were keeping her afloat. I guess I'm a natural swimmer , Cleo thought to herself, smiling. She looked over towards where the others were. They were pretty far by now, getting all the more close to the city, and for that matter, land. They were little more than a slur of four colored spots now. I suppose I better get moving before I completely lose them , she sighed in thought. She looked to the water for an idea, and noticed a small school of fish swim by close to the surface. Watching how they weaved themselves from side to side with their tails to move themselves forward gave Cleo both an idea, and a faint, strange sense of familiarity that she couldn't identify. She leaned herself forward and let herself sink mostly into the water, so that only her head, neck, and sail were visible on the surface. She stretched her legs behind her, and tucked her arms close to her. She started paddling with her feet like before, as if she were trying to run, to get herself a start in movement. She dunked her head forward and to one side for a bit of thrust forward, while gliding the rear half of her body to the opposite side. She weaved herself so that her head and rear half whipped to the opposite sides from where they were. She repeated this movement until she fell into its pattern. Once she had the pattern down, she found herself moving forward with ease, and she stopped paddling with her feet, letting them stretch out behind her once again, and they were gliding from side to side along with her tail. Doing this, she discovered the weaving of her rear half, including her tail and legs, was creating a force that was propelling her forward. Knowing that she had this swimming motion down, she allowed her head to stay on top of the surface so she could breathe while she continued to weave herself from side to side. After swimming for quite a while, Cleo finally reached the edge of the city. She noticed a pier extending out, and swam to it. She came out of her horizontal position, tilting her back end further under the water, while raising her front end, and using her feet to keep her afloat like before. She reached her arms up and grabbed onto the end of the pier, then lifting herself up, finishing her climb by reaching one of her knees up onto the pier and pushing herself the rest of the way up. Standing herself back up, she took in her surroundings. In front of her were four machines; what they did, she wasn't sure. One of them grabbed her particular interest, however. It was the machine on the far left. It had a box-like enclosing where Cleo assumed humans ran the machine. It stood on the ground on elliptical metal treads on either side of it. The machine featured a long extension reaching up, and at its end was a large scoop-like bucket with teeth-looking prongs. Cleo noticed that water was dripping from the bucket; it was very recently in the water, but Cleo couldn't begin to guess the reason. The next thing she noticed was the city behind the machines. Two extremely tall buildings almost immediately caught her attention. She followed their height with her eyes; they seemed to reach all the way up to the clouds. She found herself craning her head up to a point where her neck was completely vertical. She suddenly felt a jerk backwards; she was starting to lose her balance. She quickly leaned back forward to prevent falling backwards into the water. Note to self. A dinosaur shouldn't crane themselves back on the edge of a pier, to look at a skyscraper. If they fall into the water, and they couldn't swim…I don't know how they'd make it out. Suddenly remembering the other dinosaurs, she quickly turned her focus in front of her. She could just barely make out small orange, green, and blue dots entering the city. She rushed after them, determined not to lose them. From the airship, the city looked like it stretched along a vast distance, miles and miles of buildings, and with buildings this tall, she knew it would be all too easy for even a dinosaur to get lost. She hoped they would have more idea of where the museum was than she did, but she didn't want to be completely alone in such a huge city. If she wasn't in such a rush, she would have stopped to investigate the faint sound she heard as she began running- a small familiar woman's voice back at the pier, calling out, \"Welcome to New York City!\"[Chapter 5] Cleo followed the other dinosaurs into the city, barely keeping sight of them. Soon, they all started to venture into areas of bigger and bigger buildings. She noticed the others' pace gradually slow as they all came into these areas, and as they weaved themselves through the alleys between each building. All around on every street humans bustled around while vehicles crowded the streets in each direction. After some time, Cleo finally found them stopped in an alley, just out of sight from the street. Cleo notices that just as she finds them, she sees the Pterodactylus rapidly soar into the sky, and Cleo barely catches the sight of something black on the flying dinosaur's back. \"Where's she going?\" Cleo can't help herself but ask as she approaches the remaining three. \"They're going to go look for a way to show ourselves to the people without them getting scared of us,\" the green Parasaurolophus answered without breaking his gaze toward where the flying dinosaur had disappeared. Cleo wondered what he meant by \"they,\" as she thought back to the black splotch. \"Wait a minute…\" Rex started, turning his head back to Cleo. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Thought I'd come along with you guys,\" Cleo replied, trying to answer honestly, but at the same time, trying to throw them off from suspicion; she still hadn't completely figured out how to explain her presence despite her not being dropped off with the rest of them. 'I don't believe we have all been introduced,\" she added. \"You're right, we haven't,\" Rex chuckled. \"My name is Rex.\" \"And my name is Dweeb,\" the green Parasaurolophus said. \"And my name is Woog,\" the blue Triceratops said. \"And my name is Cleo,\" Cleo told them. \"Nice to finally meet you guys.\" \"And the one who just flew away is named Elsa,\" Rex added, obviously for Cleo's reference, which Cleo was grateful for. \"What exactly are you?\" Dweeb asked. \"The Captain said that I'm called a Spinosaurus, but he didn't tell me much else,\" she replied. \"I only wonder if my kind has been discovered yet by this time,\" she added mostly to herself with a tone of worrying hope. \"By the way, how come you are just now joining us?\" Rex asked. Cleo knew she couldn't make up a lie, despite knowing she'll be revealing herself as a stowaway of sorts. \"I'll be honest with you guys,\" she started, drooping her tail and her head slightly, \"I snuck off the ship.\" They all gasped in surprise. \"You did what?\" Woog asked, mostly as a rhetorical question. \"Snuck off?\" Dweeb gasped. \"Why did you do that?\" Rex asked, as mostly a sincere question. \"The Captain wasn't gonna let me go with you guys; he believes I'm not ready to interact with children yet, but I think I am,\" she replied, slightly perking up in self-confidence, \"Anyways, there's nothing that can be done now that I'm all ready down here. Even if Neweyes noticed me gone before he might have done a time jump or something, he wouldn't have come down in the ship. The humans probably would think it was a spaceship or something.\" \"Yeah, you're probably right about it being too late, and the human panic thing,\" Rex said, raising a claw to his mouth in a thinking expression, as if he was picturing the spaceship image in his head, and considering the truth in it. 0000000000000000000000 The minutes rolled by, and Elsa had not returned with her passenger. By now the city was fully lit with daylight. Cleo watched Woog slip out of the alley, and creep along the window of the bakery which was one of the buildings their alley was beside. While he crept along, Woog dragged his tongue longingly across the glass of the window as he peered at the food inside the shop. Dweeb grabbed Woog's tail, trying to drag him back into the shadows of the alley. Dweeb managed to drag Woog back to the corner of the alley, but Woog's superior weight settled, and Dweeb's grip slipped, causing him to fall backwards into a couple trash cans with a crash. A cat that was hiding among the trash cans yelled out in terror as it fled from sight. Cleo found Dweeb's incident kind of amusing. She looked over at Rex, who was peeking out of the alley to look up and down the street. \"I hope they're okay,\" he said in a soft, worried tone. Cleo saw him take notice of a sight across the street. Cleo looked over his shoulder and saw some human boys in a small single-basket basketball court. A boy made his way through the rest, dribbling the ball, and then he jumped, shooting the ball right at the basket, but the ball hit the backboard, and instantly ricocheted right back at the boy that shot it, hitting him in the face. The boy fell down face-forward. Cleo cringed for the injured boy, and she looked back at Rex to see his reactions. He seemed to be intrigued by the game, as he was grinning, and was absent-mindedly pretending to dribble a ball with one hand. Just then, there came footsteps from the sidewalk. Cleo looks down, and from the corner of her eye, at the same time as Rex, and saw a man focused on a newspaper he had stretched out between his hands, and he nearly tripped over the very tip of one of Rex's toes. \"Hey, watch where you're goin'!\" the man growled as he barely turned his head into the alley, but he walked away as if he didn't acknowledge the sight of dinosaurs in the alley. Cleo saw Rex cower a bit into the shadows as he watched the man continue his way down the sidewalk. Dweeb suddenly came rushing up from behind, pointing one finger to the sky. Cleo noticed there was a banana peel lying on his snout. \"Hey, look! There they are!\" Dweeb cried out happily. Cleo looked up to where he was pointing. Sure enough, Elsa was returning, and she was starting to position her legs out for a landing. Cleo noticed there were two figures on Elsa's back. \"Oo, they've got a little girl with them,\" Rex observed out loud anxiously as Elsa landed on Woog's back. A boy wearing a red shirt, a black jacket, a red baseball cap, and blue jeans climbs off Elsa the second she lands, and he helps a girl climb off Elsa. The girl had orange hair with a greenish blue ribbon in it, and she was wearing a white dress with greenish blue trimmings and a greenish blue loose-hanging tie-like bow at the collar. \"Everybody, I'd like you to meet my new friend, Cecilia Nuthatch,\" the boy called out as he helped the girl off Elsa. Cleo then noticed the boy notice her. \"Who are you? What are you?\" the boy asked her, with surprise and perhaps a tiny twinge of intimidation in his eyes. \"My name is Cleo, and I've been told that I'm a Spinosaurus,\" Cleo told him, waving one arm in front of her chest, and slighting nodding her head forward in a slight bow. There was something about this boy's appearance that was familiar… \"And who are you?\" she asked him. \"The name's Louie,\" he replied. \"I assume you all ready know these guys,\" he added, while pointing a thumb backwards over his shoulder, gesturing to the other four dinosaurs. \"You could say that,\" Cleo replied. She then saw Louie give an expression of sudden remembrance of something. \"Anyway, everybody,\" Louie said, while turning back to the girl, \"meet Cecilia Nuthatch.\" \"The name's Rex,\" Rex told Cecilia as he held out an overturned hand to her. \"Nice to meet you.\" \"Pleasure, Rex,\" Cecilia replied while giving a well-mannered curtsy. \"Very nice to meet you.\" \"And I'm Dweeb, hi!\" Dweeb called to her as he leaned over Rex's shoulders, still dirty from his fall into the trash cans; Cleo noticed the banana peel was no longer on his snout, and she figured it must have fallen off. Rex brushed his shoulder with one hand. \"Pleasure, Dweeb,\" Cecilia replied, giving him a curtsy as well. \"Very nice to meet you.\" \"She's so well brought up,\" Elsa commented admiringly. \"All right, break it up!\" Louie shouted, not too far off from a movie director, \"Enough with the pleasantries.\" Cleo watched as Woog lowered Cecilia down to the ground with his tail, which she happened to be standing on at the time. \"These are all dinosaurs,\" Cecilia whispered to herself observingly. Just then, Woog started to chuckle heartily. \"I'm hungry!\" he called out, but then turning to Cecilia said, \"I mean, I'm Woog.\" With that, he gave another hearty chuckle. It was then that Cleo noticed that Louie was trying to climb down Woog's face, hanging on to Woog's crest for support, and she wondered what he was doing. \"I'm Cecilia Nuthatch,\" Cecilia replied, and began to give another curtsy. \"I'm very pleased to meet you, Woog. Have you been a dinosaur long?\" she asked him while bending back up from her curtsy. \"Enough with this tea party chatter,\" Louie demanded. Now he was positioned with one foot on Woog's nose horn, with the other foot on Woog's forehead, and one hand grasping one of Woog's temple horns. Cleo watched Louie try to jump to the ground from his current position, but his jacket was caught on Woog's nose horn. \"Whoa, whoa, hey!\" Louie yelled as Woog carried him closer to Cecilia. \"What are you, some kind of debutant?\" Louie started to ask Cecilia, but Cleo noticed his tone get suddenly soft on the last syllable when he gazed upon Cecilia. At this time, Woog set Louie on the ground. \"Why, yes, as a matter of fact, I am,\" Cecilia replied to Louie. Cleo noticed a certain tone to her voice, as if Cecilia was expressing some sort of crush on Louie more than answering the question. Louie took off his hat, holding it by his chest in a gentlemanly fashion as he stared into Cecilia's eyes. \"Oh…\" he replied off-handedly in a soft voice, as if he too were suddenly lost in a moment of a newfound crush on Cecilia. Cleo then saw Rex bend down to put his hands on Louie's shoulders, and lean his head beside Louie's. Louie broke out of his zone with Cecilia as he noticed Rex, and turned to face Rex. Rex then made a teasing purring noise at Louie. \"Re-ex!\" Louie said in response, obviously knowing just what Rex was teasing him about, and he waved Rex off with his hat. With that, Rex leaned back up with a satisfied expression on his face. Louie showed once more an expression of remembering something. \"Listen!\" Louie began while putting his hat back on, but then started to sprint out onto the street as he continued, \"I figured out a way for you guys to stroll uptown and not cause a riot.\" He pulled himself onto the hood of a car parked on the opposite side of the street, hopped with one leg to the trunk of the car in front of it, then ricocheting himself onto the opposite sidewalk. \"Come on!\" he ushered them excitedly, chuckling as he jogged up the sidewalk.[Chapter 6] Countless people crowded the sidewalks along the street for seemingly miles, and there were countless more in the parade, wearing outfits, costumes, and uniforms of all colors and sorts, each group in their own place in the parade. In addition to groups, there were moving platforms which the humans called \"floats,\" and also groups of people holding down giant balloons in the form of various pop culture icons. Louie had shown the dinosaurs a castle-like float he and Elsa had spotted on their outing. Dweeb and Woog had been hitched to the castle, pulling it along, with Elsa perched on Woog's back. Rex and Cleo were unhitched, placed in front of the others. Meanwhile, Louie and Cecilia would be in the booth in the castle. The group plan was to disguise the dinosaurs as robots in the parade. This way, they could move through the city without panic. After the parade became under way, Cleo noticed that the float in front of them was a volcano surrounded by jungle trees. She looked behind them, and noticed a large balloon in the form of a smiling, gray long-necked dinosaur. She decided to put these observations away for now, as it was their turn to move along with the parade. People gasped in surprise as the dinosaurs walked by in robotic fashion. Cleo noticed many children rush to the front of the crowd of spectators on the sidewalks. Some even asked a parent to lift them up higher to get a better view. \"Holy smokes, they're big!\" a boy exclaimed in wonder. \"Dinosaurs!\" a little girl exclaimed, hopping up and down excitedly. She was a little bit familiar, with her light brown hair topped with a yellow hat with a blue ribbon. \"No, Sasha, they're not dinosaurs. They're robots,\" the woman with her, presumably her mother, told her. The girl stopped hopping, with a sudden expression of disappointment on her face. \"I wish they were real dinosaurs,\" she mumbled. Cleo noticed from the corner of her eye that Rex was starting to lose his form, and a grin was starting to appear on his face, which only grew as they continued on, and more children expressed their wishes that the dinosaurs were real. \"Yeah, wouldn't it be great if they were real?\" another boy asked to seemingly no one. Cleo noticed that Rex had paused at this, and had a face that suggested that he might have forgotten that he was supposed to be acting like a robot. I don't know what he's thinking, but I hope he's not gonna do anything that would jeopardize our plan , she thought. Just then, Rex made a thoughtful sound, like a \"oooh,\" and then he thrust his mouth open in brief laughter. He began to dance, and sing: Roll back the rock to the dawn of time When the earth was smokin', and the lava flowed Roll back the rock to the dawn of time And blow your cool just like a volcano Snap your fingers, and stomp your feet! (upon this last part, Rex hopped three times, quaking the ground a bit each time he landed) Soakin' up a little of the jungle beat Roll back the rock to the dawn of time And sing this song with me Cleo noticed now that Rex was starting to dance further forward out of position, toward the volcano float. He turned to face one sidewalk, and hopped up in a rallying fashion, and it worked; the crowds of youth hopped up with him, each of them rotating their fists around each other along with Rex as he continued his singing. Woah, roll back the rock! Roll back the rock! , the crowd of youth sang back Turn back the clock! Turn back the clock! Roll back the rock to the dawn of time And sing this song with me Cleo and the other dinosaurs marched on, their robotic movements forgotten in their shock at Rex's making a scene of himself. Cleo leaned her head down to place a hand over her eyes in an embarrassed expression over Rex's action. She then heard laughter from the castle booth; it was Cecilia. She heard Cecilia squeal joyfully with a \"Whee!\", then half-scream, half-woot. I guess Cecilia's getting into it, too , Cleo thought. She straightened back up, just in time for a cue that Rex's song wasn't over. Turn back the clock, maybe you can see Why the twentieth century appeals to me So much to learn, and so much to do And a zillion wonderful things to chew! Roll back the rock! Roll back the rock! , the crowd again sang back Turn back the clock! Turn back the clock! Roll back the rock to the dawn of time And sing this song with me! Cleo heard chatter coming from the castle booth. She didn't catch what was said at first, but she heard Cecilia's voice: \"And I like you, too,\" she was saying in a shy, flirtatious tone. \"Hey, shut up with that,\" Louie replied in a sort of repelled voice, \"What are you, sappy?\" Cleo didn't hear an answer, for she heard Rex go on. She noticed Rex had danced all the way to the volcano float, and was dancing in the trees. He bounced himself up to the peak of the volcano. He looked inside it at the same time it trembled, and some confetti exploded out on top of his head. Rex gave out a jungle cry as he slid down the volcano, and rebounded off the trees as they somehow launched him into the air. He landed on the giant balloon in front of the volcano. The balloon was definitely human in shape, but it seemed to be wearing some sort of red and blue costume. Rex had landed right onto the rump of the balloon human. If you're thinkin' this guy's unreal , Rex continued, and then climbing up to stand and dance on the balloon human's back. Just imagine how I must feel! Just imagine how I must feel , he repeated, but in a beginning tone as he seemed to have something in his hands, which he was playing with. Cleo couldn't tell from the distance between him and the rest of them just what it was, but she did notice a whole linear cloud of small balloons float by Rex. Human beings, mmm, what a meal Roll back the rock to the dawn of time And sing this song with me Rex seemed to then notice something while he was facing back to the rear part of the parade. He hopped back down off the balloon human, landing on the trees of the volcano float, then instantly rushing back towards the group. Cleo noticed the look on his face, and it told her that he wasn't aiming for them, but something behind them. \"What do you know?\" he was saying excitedly as he sprinted right past the castle float. Cleo looked behind them, and saw him go straight for the long-neck dinosaur balloon. She saw him stop right before it, and he seemed to talk to it for a moment before reaching out and shaking one of its feet. Cleo noticed that as he walked away, the balloon's foot thrashed wildly and somewhat limply, as it started to raise higher into the air, dragging the humans off the ground that were holding its ropes. Cleo looked back at Rex, and he was in front of what seemed to be a movie theater, currently featuring a movie titled \"Jurassic Park,\" and he made a motion cueing another rally hop, which the children followed once more as they released all the balloons they were holding. Whoa, roll back the rock! Roll back the rock! Turn back the clock! Turn back the clock! Roll back the rock to the dawn of time , he started, while hopping backwards onto his tail, using his tail to prop him up for a moment, but then bouncing his tail to prop himself back onto his feet as he concluded the song: And sing this song with meeeee , he sang while kneeling in a finale-type pose in front of the girl named Sasha and her mother. Cleo and the others caught up to him at last in this moment. However, she then heard a strange sound coming from up above, and she noticed a shadow cast over them all. She looked up to see the long-neck dinosaur balloon. It was now thrashing completely, falling quickly towards them. In a moment, the balloon fell upon all five dinosaurs, cloaking them as it lost every last bit of air it had left in it. In a matter of seconds, Cleo's vision was obstructed by the darkness left underneath the balloon as it settled to the ground like a huge blanket.[Chapter 7] Cleo shrugged the balloon tarp backwards from off her head, feeling the others doing the same. She lifted her arms up to slip the tarp the rest of the way backwards to let it rest over her sail. The crowd was now silent, all staring at them. \"Way to go, Rex,\" she mumbled bitterly to Rex, \"You've ruined the plan, and have exposed us all.\" Rex looked like he was about to reply, but then he appeared to notice something. Cleo followed his gaze and saw the girl named Sasha approaching them, eagerly dragging her mother behind her with one hand. Rex smiled down at her, then leaned down to meet her in the face as she broke from her mother. \"Hi,\" he softly said to her, while wiggling his finger claws of one hand in a sort of greeting hand wave. \"Look, mommy,\" Sasha began, peering up at Rex, \"those are real dinosaurs!\" Cleo looked back at the mother for her reaction. Unfortunately, the mother cringed into her brown fur coat with a fearful look in her eyes. Cleo saw that she gasped, but she also heard other adults in the crowd do the same. \"They're real! They're real!\" she heard another child exclaim joyfully. \"They're not robots, they're alive!\" yet another child said. Cleo noticed a few parents snatch up their children, including Sasha's mother, who then took a hold of Sasha's hand again protectively, almost in a preparatory gesture for a next move. \"Run! Real dinosaurs!\" a man shouted fearfully as he began running back up the street. In the instant that followed, every adult began shouting and screaming as they ran away from the dinosaurs in mass panic. Cleo once again placed a hand over her eyes in shame and embarrassment that a bad situation had happened when it could have been avoided. \"Louie!\" came Cecilia's voice from the castle float. Cleo looked up and noticed Louie had come out of the castle booth and was trying to shove his way back to the dinosaurs. However, the panicking crowd kept pushing him backwards despite his efforts. \"Split up! We'll meet you guys at the circus in Central Park! Better run!\" he shouted to them just before he disappeared into the crowd. \"Central Park…?\" Rex repeated in a tone of puzzlement. Then he looked over to one building, asking out loud, \"But where is Central Park?\" Rex seemed to spot something on the building he was looking at, and he started to walk towards it. Cleo noticed the others follow right behind him, and she decided to do the same. A small group of leftover pedestrians by the building screamed at their approach and fled with all haste. On the building was a large poster with a black background and yellow-green writing. Cleo made special note of the figure on the poster: a familiar-looking old human man with white hair behind his ears, and wearing a black coat. He was giving a wicked smile, which wasn't helped by the fact that his left eye seemed to be a screw. Rex leaned down to look at the poster, and began to read it. \" Professor Screweyes'..Eccentric Circus - Professor Screweyes?\" he exclaimed in recognition and alarm, \"That's the bad guy!\" he reminded the rest of them, briefly turning his head to them as he addressed them. He turned back to the poster, and finished reading the writing on it. \" Now appearing in…Central Park... \" he said, his tone filled with acknowledgement of the connection between certain situations. \"Louie, Cecilia, they're in danger! We've gotta save them!\" he cried out, charisma filling his voice. \"You there!\" a voice came from seemingly nowhere. Cleo looked around and saw a big group of humans dressed in blue and black swarming around about thirteen blue and white cars with flashing lights on top of them. In the air were two bluish machines hovering with propellers on top of them which were rotating rapidly in circles about as big as the machines themselves. 'Don't move!\" the voice came again. Cleo finally spotted the source of the voice. It was one of the men around the cars. He was speaking while holding up a megaphone close to his mouth. 'You're under arrest! Put your paws up!\" the man demanded. There was a pause as Cleo noticed from the corner of one eye that the other four all looked at each other, silently agreeing on the next move they should all take. They all screamed together, then took off in different directions. Rex darted further up the street, in the direction the parade was originally headed. Dweeb darted the other way, and leaped over the blockade of cars. Woog followed right behind him, lowering his head down as he approached the cars. Cleo looked away, but not before barely noticing Elsa fly in the same direction as Dweeb and Woog. Cleo quickly looked straight ahead, and saw an alley between buildings behind the blockade of cars. She noticed men starting to approach her with black sticks. Her instincts told her these men did not mean well for perceived threats to their society. Without giving it another thought, she charged forward, and was surprised to see the men leap out of the way. Was she really that dangerous-looking? She leaped over the blockade of cars with ease, and darted into the alley. 0000000000000000 Cleo weaved through alleys in a constant pace, for the purpose of throwing off any humans that might have been trying to follow her; she was too determined to lose them that she didn't look back. Once in a while, when she had to cross a street, she would see one of the other dinosaurs pass by. She had once seen Woog driving a motorcycle, which was almost completely crushed to the ground under his weight, and Dweeb in the side-car to the motorcycle. However, later, she once saw Woog alone on the motorcycle. She had wondered what happened to Dweeb in the side-car. In addition to this, she also had seen Rex zipping around in a red truck while standing in the back of it. She had wondered why the others had gone to such lengths in order to outrun the humans hunting them; riding around on cars didn't seem to her like a fitting thing for a dinosaur to do. She had been comforted, however, by the sight of Elsa flying around, though Elsa had one of those flying machines chasing her. \" What are those called? \" Cleo had wondered, straining her brain for the vocabulary term to come to her like most words she's learned since eating the Brain Grain hot dogs. She continued weaving her way through alleys as she pondered for the word, as she had nothing else to do while she wondered through the cities using the safety of the alleys. 00000 When the sun was past its midday point, the word finally came to her: helicopter . She found herself wondering why it had been so important to learn the word, but unable to think of a reason, she cast it aside. Her thoughts wondered back to when she fled the blockade. She found it curious that her instincts became alive in that moment. The instincts she had felt then had a tint of animalistic feeling to them, and she was surprised at the possibility she still had such instincts at all. Perhaps Neweyes knew that she wasn't completely \"civilized\" like the others? These thoughts loomed over her for a few hours more. 00000 The next thing Cleo knew, the sun was fast approaching the horizon. The sky had begun to lose the daytime levels of light, and was starting to dull and darken. Just then, she heard a loud noise not far away-it sounded like an explosion. She looked upwards, and focused her hearing for more sensory information to tell her more. She heard a low deep-toned voice yelling out, and another higher-pitched voice chuckling- Rex and Dweeb. In an instant, their voices became suddenly louder, and she saw all four dinosaurs fly though the air, with a thin line of orange-tinted smoke behind them. Cleo acknowledged right away that they were all together. Not wanting to be the last one cut off from them, she decided to follow the direction they were heading. Around dusk, she finally came upon a change in scenery-the point where buildings and asphalt turned into trees and grass. Taking a brief look around, she saw a linear trench in the ground, leading further into the grassy area…the park . She followed the trench into the park, knowing the trench was made by the other dinosaurs. She soon came upon them a little ways into the park, next to a tree. When she approached them, she noticed Rex was looking at a small piece of paper he was holding in his hands. \"Professor Screweyes' Eccentric Circus,\" he read to the rest of them. Then he turned his head back up, and seemed to notice something. Cleo followed his gaze, and made out in the fading sunlight large striped tents some distance away further into the park. Just then, streams of light along the tents came on, twinkling like tiny stars, almost beckoning to any passersby.[Chapter 8] The circus area looked all the more spooky now that the sun had set. Cleo could somewhat make out the colors of the vertical stripes on the tents all around them, but only due to the unusual lighting colors. Never before had Cleo seen so much green and truly yellow lighting. She and the other dinosaurs ventured into this eerie place to search for their two human children friends. \"Yoo-hoo! Louie! Cecilia!\" Elsa and Dweeb called out in unison. \"Where are you?\" Rex called out, almost as an extension to the former call. Cleo noticed they were venturing alongside a line of miniature game stalls, and they were closing in on the biggest tent, what she assumed to be the show tent. She saw three figures come out from the entrance at this side; one tall, and the others short, practically child-size. The group of dinosaurs moved on, and stopped before the figures. Cleo instantly recognized all three figures, and she was sensing a bad vibe from the tallest one, even though he seemed to be struggling with a overwhelming panic at the sight of the dinosaurs. \"It's him, Professor Screweyes,\" Rex whispered, some alarm in his tone. \"Cecilia, get away from that man!\" Dweeb exclaimed warningly. \"Hey, chill out, we just joined his circus,\" Louie reassured them with a small grin on his face. Cleo was shocked. \"But Professor Screweyes-\" Rex began, but didn't finish, \"We were warned about him!\" \"Warned?\" Screweyes's dark crackly voice came as he stood behind the kids, \"By whom?\" \"Your brother!\" Rex stated as-a-matter-of-factly to him. Cleo noticed the defensive bitterness Rex's voice had suddenly taken on. Screweyes left his spot from behind the kids, and started walking towards a pole with a large box on it. \"So that's how you got here, and why you can talk,\" Screweyes observed out loud as he finished walking to the pole, where he began pushing switches down, causing a few lights to turn off in the circus area. Cleo found that an irritation for Screweyes had seeded inside her, and it was all ready starting to cloud her thoughts. \"He fed you that Brain Grain stuff, and he warned you about me, eh? Looking into his own affairs, did he show you that hokey wish radio of his?\" he asked while switching down another switch. \"Yes, we heard what people are wishing for,\" Dweeb spoke up, but Cleo noticed he sounded somewhat nervous. \"Well, I got a radio too,\" Screweyes began in a strangely creepy voice, then as he switched down yet another switch, \"Let me show you.\" \"Nope, no way, nada! We don't want anything to do with you!\" Rex instantly jumped in hastily. \"Come on, kids, come to the museum with us,\" he verbally ushered them, while starting to turn his body towards the way the dinosaurs came. \"the Museum of Natural History-\" \"They're not going anywhere,\" Screweyes grumbled while pulling out a rolled up piece of paper from his front, \"They're under contract to me for a very long time.\" With that, he threw off another switch, and this time, most of the surrounding lights shut off, and night time darkness settled in. Cleo heard Rex gulp, and Cecilia started sobbing. Cleo looked down, noticing Rex bending his head down to the level of the children, and Elsa standing by Cecilia, trying to hold her comfortingly with her arms. \"But these are the first children we've met,\" Elsa protested. \"We like them,\" Rex added sympathetically. \"Hey, come on,\" Louie said, trying his best to comfort Cecilia, \"everything's gonna be all right.\" \"Oh, I don't think so,\" Screweyes began in a low, yet hintingly eerie tone, \"unless we can work something out with your friends here.\" He threw down one last switch, leaving the entire area completely dark. 00000000 He led them all to another tent. Featured inside it was a large dark machine. Though it was surrounded by a see-through magenta veil, and thus, they couldn't see it with complete clarity, Cleo could tell it was likely black in color, with two large green lights that almost resembled evil eyes; two smaller slanted triangular green lights that were positioned almost like a evil grin on the machine's \"face;\" and yellow plates in the center of the \"smile\", and towards the bottom. Lights lined the sides of the machine, and puffs of smoke came from its top. Cleo's instincts were bothering her again, which was only reinforced by how they reminded her that she still had such instincts at all. Screweyes was somewhere inside the veil, next to the machine, but he soon reappeared at where the veil's ends meet. \"This is a time of loud wishes, yes, but even louder fears,\" he told them while clutching the edges of the veil's ends, then letting them go, which allowed a small peek at the machine, for the veil opened a bit from the action of letting the ends go. \"This is a fright radio. It picks up what people are scared to death of.\" Cleo sensed the other four dinosaurs slowly approach the machine, and followed alongside. 'You see, I find out what they're frightened of on this radio, and that's what I try to give them in my circus,\" Screweyes continued. \"It's a public service. But this is the station that comes in loudest of all!\" He reached out for a big knob in the center of the \"smile,\" and began to turn it back and forth, then resting it about in the middle. The machine rumbled, then rays of electricity shot from each side and the top, and green smoke exploded from all around the machine, and an explosion of multi-colored smoke spouted from the top, along with terrified voices and yells. The spout of smoke raced directly for the group, and as it got closer Cleo noticed the smoke was in the form of a legion of children, all with terrified expressions on their faces. Cleo sensed the others back away as the smoke people swarmed at them, but Cleo didn't move, knowing smoke isn't physically harmful. She only briefly looked back at them as they cowered to the tent wall, before turning her head back. She caught one word in the first sweep of smoke children: \"monsters.\" \"Monsters are gonna eat me!\" came a scream back from the top of the machine. \"I feel eyes staring at me!\" another smoke child cowered. Screweyes cackled darkly, and stepped through a curtain of cascading smoke children. \"Do you see what they're most afraid of?\" he asked them. \"N-noo...\" Woog mumbled in reply, obviously frightened from the sight. \"Mmmonsters!\" Screweyes cried out, raising his arms threateningly to go along with his point. Cleo thought she almost knew where he was getting at, and it only made her irritation grow a bit more. \"Monsters?\" Rex's voice came, genuinely questioning the word. \"You!\" Screweyes said pointedly. \"Us?\" Rex questioned alarmingly. \"Us?\" Woog's voice came again, almost as equally alarmed. \"With a little help,\" Screweyes began, while reaching inside his coat, then whipping out a small container. \"yes!\" The container held pills inside it, and they were giving off a pulsing green light. \"W-what's that?\" Cecilia asked, a bit cautiously. \"It's Brain Drain!\" Screweyes replied, and Cleo thought she detected some pride in the way he said it. \"The remedy to my brother's goodie-two-shoes breakfast cereal. It'll take ya back. It'll make ya monsters.\" \"But we don't wanna be monsters,\" Woog said weakly. \"We're not taking anything. You can forget it,\" Rex told Screweyes pointedly, charisma in his voice once again, this time speaking for all of them. \"All right, you're free. You can go; I can't stop you,\" Screweyes replied while tossing the pill container up, then catching it in his hand again. Cleo thought his instant agreement to their decision was perhaps too easy to come; she hoped he didn't have a secret plan to make them agree, but his tone didn't help to convince her otherwise. \"But the kids…are mine,\" he continued. Cleo saw him walk a few steps closer to Louie and Cecilia, with a strange look in his eye, for he was directing his screw eye at them, as if looking at them through that eye more so than his good eye. The mere sight of the screw eye set Cleo's instincts of alarm and danger go off. Fighting her alarmed senses into subtlety, she backed herself to the other dinosaurs, stopping alongside Woog, who was at one end of the somewhat-line of them. White crystal-shaped light began to emit from the screw eye, straight into Cecilia's eyes, followed soon by swirling green light, and inside the funnel of green light was swirling magenta light. Cecilia's eyes were fixated into a stare at the screw eye as the swirling green light began to touch her face. \"W-wha-what are you doin'?\" Louie asked, concerned about the situation. He put a hand over Cecilia's eyes, apparently hoping to shield her from the hypnosis, \"Don't look, Ceci-\" he began, but the swirling green and magenta lights and white crystals met his eyes as well as soon as he touched Cecilia, and his sentence was lost. \"I can't…help it,\" Cecilia told Louie monotonously as his arm dropped back down from her eyes. The lights swirled a moment longer, then shot into the children's eyes. Mind control…this guy seems to be some sort of control maniac , Cleo observed, her irritation growing a bit more at the concept of it, and what it might mean for the children, her, and the rest of the dinosaurs. \"Among my many other rights on this contract,\" Screweyes began, while taking a pill out of the container, \"Including copyrights on all their ideas, I have an exclusive option on their willpower.\" He split the pill in half, then approached the hypnotized children with half the pill in each of his index fingers and thumbs. 'Now this is just a temporary dose, by way of demonstration,\" he told the dinosaurs as he fed each of the pill halves to the children. Instantly, the children began shifting in appearance. Right before their eyes, the children shrank in height while starting to hunch in stature. Hair began to grow on their faces, arms, and hands as their hands grew. Cleo heard a couple gasps from the other dinosaurs, followed by a gasping cry of horror from Woog. In a flash of green and then white, the two children finished their transformation. They were chimpanzees in their human clothes.[Chapter 9] So those pills revert the taker into the primal form of their species , Cleo thought, furrowing her eyebrow muscles in focused observation. \"Change them back,\" Rex snarled, evidently trying to be intimidating, \"or I'll-\" \"Or you'll what?\" Screweyes said, cutting Rex off, \"You're too enlightened by my brother's Brain Grain, you've lost your savagery.\" He then reached into his coat, and pulled out a banana, then began to peel it. 'You've lost your frightening prehistoric power to intimidate,\" he continued, letting the banana slip from his hand, and down to the chimpanzees, where it was caught by Louie. Louie squeezed the banana, and the inside part of it slipped out, to fly right into Cecilia's mouth. \"You're civilized now, and I've got a contract, and you're gonna respect that like the chumps you are.\" \"Chumps?\" Cleo repeated, letting a bit of her irritation leak into her tone, unable to restrain herself. If she had thought about it, she might have guessed that her irritation had grown to almost anger. \"Yeah, that's what I said,\" Screweyes hissed at her, turning to her with a small grin on his face that was both confident and observing, with a splash of a look in his eye that was challenging her to prove him wrong. He's not taking me seriously , Cleo thought, irritation growing more. \"All right, stand aside, you guys,\" Cleo told the other dinosaurs beside her, \"and watch how it's done.\" She walked a couple steps forward towards Screweyes, stopping right in front of him. She lowered her head to level with his face, and noticing the small two steps backwards he made while she did so. \"They may have forgotten how to intimidate like dinosaurs should,\" Cleo began, letting all her irritation show in her glare at him, \"but I haven't. Now I'm only going to give you one chance. Change the children back now.\" \"Or what?\" Screweyes grumbled, returning a glare that kept the challenging tint to it. \"Or I'll tear one of your limbs off,\" Cleo replied, surprising herself a bit that the answer came so naturally, that she didn't have to think about it in the least. What surprised her a bit more, however, was the fact that she had bared her teeth when she made the threat. The confident expression in Screweyes's eye faded, but he still kept the observational and challenging expressions. He chuckled. \"You expect me to believe you would actually do that? You're just like the other one. You're all bark, but no bite.\" Cleo's irritation reached a new peak. In one swift movement, she made two steps forward, and on the second step, she forced her foot on top of Screweyes, pinning him down on his back, but at the same time, she was careful to keep her weight out of that foot, so as not to crush him, the frail human he was. Once again, she leaned her head in to meet him in the eye, baring her teeth once more. \"Let me tell you something. Your brother didn't choose me for our mission. According to him, I snuck aboard looking for food, and ended up eating hot dogs with Brain Grain nutrients in them. He told me to stay behind on the ship because he believed I wasn't ready. He probably thought I might still have a spark of aggression in me, and that would have made me a potential endangerment to people, and you know what? He was right.\" Cleo then whipped her jaws to Screweyes's left arm, snatching it with her teeth. Screweyes yelled in pain. In an instant, she lifted her foot off of him, only to lift him into the air with his arm in her mouth. With Screweyes's continued screams of pain, Cleo barely made out multiple gasps of shock behind her. \"Let him down,\" Rex's voice calmly asked of her. She whipped her head around to look at the rest of the group; more yelling in pain from Screweyes. Naturally, the other four dinosaurs all had expressions of shock. She looked down on the chimpanzee children. They seemed oblivious to the situation, but they too were looking up at her with alerted alarm. Looking at them, Cleo felt her anger fade, to the point where she was able to reflect upon what she was doing. She turned her head back around to facing forward, leaned her head down some distance from the ground, and released Screweyes's arm. He fell to the ground with a thud. \"You've got quite a temper, you overgrown crocodile,\" Screweyes spat at her while bringing himself to his feet with his good arm. When he was on his feet, he clutched his injured arm and glared at her. \"You're headstrong, I'll admit that, but I'm sorry to say that it'll take more than that to break my contract.\" Then Screweyes turned to speak to the group as a whole. \"But I'll tell ya what I'd be willing to do. You all agree to take the Brain Drain, and I'll rip up this contract and set the kids free.\" he told them all while he walked in front of a curtain. As he continued, the curtain lifted up to reveal a machine resembling a vault with green and blue lighting, with neon letters above it, spelling out \"Hellzapoppin.\" \"If you don't take it, I'll bill 'em as the 'Wild Children's Hellzapoppin' and use them to scare people in the sideshow. It's up to you.\" There was a pause, and Cleo's angry focus was broken by a gasp and a gulp behind her. She looked back to the others, and found that Dweeb, Elsa, and Woog were all looking to Rex for a decision, and he had an expression of both worry and almost hesitant decision. He took in a breath. \"I'll take it,\" he softly said. \"And I'll take it, you lonesome creature,\" Elsa said, turning herself to one side on Woog's back, folding her arms in an unhappy fashion. \"I'll do it,\" came Dweeb's cracked voice; tears were starting to roll down from his eyes. \"Me too,\" Woog slowly said, biting his lip to help control himself while tears came from his eyes as well. \"And what about you ?\" Screweyes's voice came, especially harsh with emphasis. Knowing he was talking to her, Cleo faced forward once again, and met his glare. She looked down at the chimpanzee children, who still seemed oblivious to the situation around them. She sighed. \"For the kids,\" she replied, dipping her head a little in a nod of agreement. \"Good, now you come with me,\" Screweyes instructed them, \"We're gonna have to keep you in cages and chains, 'cause you're gonna be wild again.\" Screweyes started walking towards one end of the tent, and they all began to follow him. Cleo started walking along with them after Woog, Elsa, and Dweeb took the lead in front of her, and Rex coming up from behind her. While the first three were almost to the end of the tent Screweyes was leading them to, Cleo sensed a lack in Rex's presence around her. She looked around, and found he had paused, and had gone back to the chimpanzee children, who were now lying down sleeping with their hands together. Rex approached them. \"Don't be scared,\" he whispered to them, \"It'll be all right. It's no more than a bad dream.\" He then bent over and Cleo guessed from his movements that he then stroked each of them once with one of his hands. She looked over his shoulder as best she could. To Cleo's surprise, the children began reverting to their human selves. After they were humans again, Rex lingered, facing one side to them, with his tail in an incomplete circle around them. \"Come on, you two,\" a harsh, cold voice snapped, at which Rex seemed to jump. Cleo whipped her head back around to see that the other three were nowhere in sight, and Screweyes was waiting for her and Rex. She looked back at Rex. \"We were friends for man, Louie,\" he whispered. He then appeared to make another stroking motion on Louie. \"Oh…Rex?\" Louie's half-asleep voice came, but he said no more. Rex then turned away from the two sleeping children. He took a few steps forward before turning his head back to them. \"Remember me,\" he said, then resumed walking up beside Cleo, who started to walk alongside him. Cleo took note of how he said to remember only him, and she figured he was mostly talking to Louie. He must really care for that boy , she thought. I wonder how he transformed them back into humans just by stroking them… They were led out of the tent, where the other three were waiting. Screweyes took the lead in front of them, and they all started following him. While they walked, Cleo still thought about Rex's words. I suppose we'll have to trust Louie and Cecilia to remember us as we are now, for I have the feeling what we'll become won't be so friendly to humans.[Chapter 10] The tent Screweyes led them to was full of green and black coloring. Some crows flittered in the dark rafters in what could be considered the ceiling of the tent. There was a large yellow machine illuminating the inside of the tent with green light. There was a table in front of the machine which had several black items on it, which appeared to be pails of multiple sizes. There were also crates around the edges of the tent, and four large stump-like obstacles in the center of the set up, between the table and a line of large cages. There were four wooden-roofed, black-barred cages grouped into a small stage-like drop, with tarp forming a roof over the cages, with drops on each of the side ends of the line of cages and behind them. Within this \"stage\", there was a green glow of light behind the cages. The tarp seemed to be framed by poles and rafters, and along the top there seemed to be an electrical system connected to each cage, even to a cage separate from the rest. This cage was off from the left end of the line of cages (right, if one were looking at the cages from the front). It was in this cage that Cleo was confined to. In the cage farthest from her in the line of cages was Dweeb, his arms shackled with chain-linked shackles, and his legs had shackles on them with chains that ended on the bottom of the cage. In the cage next to Dweeb was Elsa, who was perched on a perch stand, possibly forced in that position. In the next cage was Woog, whose legs were all chained to the bottom of the cage. Unlike the other four cages, which seemed to be the type that is hinged at a corner, and closes with horizontal movement, his cage door was hinged along the top edge, and seemed to close vertically in an arch down to the bottom edge of the cage. In the cage closest to Cleo was Rex. His arms and legs were shackled and chained just like Dweeb's were. Cleo was shackled and chained similarly, only her leg shackles had shorter chains, which allowed her absolutely no movement in her cage, and the chain that linked her arm shackles had a chain linked off the middle of it that chained down to the bottom of the cage, and it was particularly short. In other words, the chain forced Cleo's arms from moving as well, particularly to where she couldn't reach up to her face, even if she lowered her head down. She figured Screweyes took this extra precaution to restrict her movements to prevent her from lashing out on him again, whether in her present state, or in the primitive state they would all become. Screweyes entered the tent, walking across a platform, with another, shorter figure behind him, but the shadows were limiting the details. \"Knowing my brother, the nice fellow most likely did not let fall how I lost my eye,\" Screweyes began as he walked up to the edge of the platform, where a small flight of stairs led down to the ground, \"but I will tell you.\" He began to walk down the stairs into the light. The figure behind him was revealed also: a short clown in yellow plaid overalls and wearing a striped hat. He had orange hair sticking from his ears, and was wearing white face makeup with a red circular object on the end of his nose. In the clown's right arm, he was cradling what appeared to be an old-fashioned black pot. \"I was a boy. I was lying in the shadow of a berry bush taking a snooze.\" Screweyes stopped at a table, and the clown set the pot down on it while Screweyes continued talking: \"One of the berries, just one, fell upon my eye,\" he continued. He turned to face the dinosaurs while raising his right index finger and bringing it around up to his screw eye pointedly. 'Just there,\" he said while tapping twice the middle of his screw eye with his nail. 'A hungry bird spied the berry. It was a crow, I believe. He pecked for the berry, but got my eye as well. Senseless? Ye-es!\" he shouted with a hint of a \"duh\" tone and a tone of perhaps being lost in his own memory, like he was talking to himself. His hair got suddenly wild as he shouted, a type of hairdo that reminded Cleo of a mad scientist. He patted his hair back down while turning back to the table. 'I have done nothing to earn such a fate,\" he began again, while the clown opened the lid to the pot, then tossing the lid aside. Cleo barely made out a green glowing inside the pot. The clown poured the green glowing pills from the pot into a pail on the table as Screweyes continued in an angry, bitter tone: \"so ever since, I've known that the world made no sense, and have acted accordingly.\" With that, Screweyes grasped the handle of the pail, taking it off the table, and began walking around one end of the stump-like obstacles in the middle of the set up. 'I have a peculiar fear of crows, so I keep them by me,\" he started. He paused his steps, turning his body so he had his back to the cages. He set the pail down on the obstacle close to him, and he stretched his good arm out, and crows start perching on his arm. \"I watch them with a real eye and a steel eye. I am afraid of them, but I am their master. I am the master of my fear!\" he proclaimed, turning his head back around towards the cages, but Cleo could tell that he wasn't focusing his vision on anything particular. So this explains some things , Cleo thought, glaring in a thoughtful expression, he copes with his fears by becoming the commanding master of the physical forms of his fears . \"This guy's nuts!\" came Rex's voice, almost in a whisper. Cleo glanced over at him. He was giving an expression showing how strangely insane he thought Screweyes was. Next to him, Woog was coming out of a flinch, presumably one of sudden fright. \"So, let's get started, shall we?\" Screweyes asked, back in an eerie tone of voice while picking the pail back up. Cleo saw him walk toward Dweeb's cage first. In the corner of her eye, she spotted movement. Turning her head, she saw the clown rummaging through an area of crates, and bringing out a coil of rope. She began to wonder what the rope was for, but her thoughts were interrupted by a choking sound. She looked back around, and saw Dweeb holding his throat. Screweyes had his good hand holding the door to Dweeb's cage, and then he thrust the door shut before starting to walk toward Elsa's cage. It slammed with a metal clang , and an electrical system seemed to activate upon the door's closing. Cleo could see bolts of electricity rush down every bar of the cage. Cleo noticed the faces of horror on the other three as Dweeb began to change in appearance. His shades of green darkened into dark shades of olive green while his buck teeth retreated back into his mouth while his mouth itself seemed to swell some, especially his lips. He let out a cry that sounded almost like a sorrowful moan, but it had no such tone; it was his primitive dinosaur cry. Cleo herself was astounded at the effects. She began wondering how she would turn out, and she was reminded of the clown and the rope. She looked around for the clown, and noticed he was now standing right beside her cage. She had a growing suspicion, but it worried her to think about it. One by one she watched the others transform right before her eyes. Elsa's colors dulled and darkened as well, while her beak became more pointed and narrow, and her eyes became less focused, as if oblivious to her surroundings while retaining a consistent sense of caution. She gave out a loud screech for her cry. Woog's colors of blue dulled and darkened into shades of bluish gray while all of his horns grew some in both length and point. His head crest grew as well, and became less rounded with ridges around the outline, and large flat teeth grew inside his mouth. Rex's colors of orange darkened into a shade of brown, while the dark stripes on his back faded and were replaced by spots. His eyes sunk a little lower onto each side of his head, just barely above the top of his skull, and his claws and teeth became sharper. His bellowing roar and increased aggressive behavior was a devastating site to Cleo. She then sensed presence in front of her cage. She looked down to see Screweyes looking back up at her. \"Oh, don't worry, you're next,\" he hissed, almost in a sarcastic tone. \"I just wanted you to watch your friends turn into monsters, so you'll know what you'll become.\" Cleo knew from his tone that he meant for it to be a bit of torture on her. She glared down at him. \"I hope when I'm primitive again, I'll finish what I started with your arm,\" she snapped back at him. \"I doubt there's a chance of that. For now, be a good crocodile and open up for us,\" he replied, keeping his cocky tone. Knowing it was her turn to follow through with the deal, she sighed, then leaned her head down, and cracked her mouth open enough so they could put the pills in it. Just then, she noticed Screweyes give her a small look of suspicion and hesitation. He turned to the clown. \"Stubbs, why don't you take this one? I don't trust her,\" he hissed, his question more of a command. The clown dropped the coil of rope in surprise, and he briefly glanced at Screweyes's injured arm. \"Are you sure, Professor? What if-?\" the clown started, while fidgeting his fingers together. \"She doesn't have any reason to bite you, so she'll trust you more than me. Just do it,\" Screweyes interrupted commandingly. The clown took the pail of glowing green pills from Screweyes, then cautiously approached Cleo's open mouth. He dug his hand into the pills and scooped out a handful. He tossed the handful of pills into her mouth. All the while, Cleo noticed Screweyes step to the coil of rope and pick it up. Right after the clown tossed the handful of pills into her mouth, he turned back to Screweyes, who swapped the rope for the pail. Even though the pills seemed to be burning on her tongue, Cleo kept her eyes on the two humans, trying to analyze what they were doing. The clown then approached her with the rope. It was revealed that it all ready had a noose ready in it. Before Cleo could react, the clown thrust the noose over her snout, instantly tightening it. Cleo struggled, picking her head back up, then flailing her head from side to side, but the rope stayed put. Realizing right away that the efforts she would be physically able to do would be to no avail, she stopped flailing her head. She noticed that the clown had let go of the other end of the rope; he had probably predicted she would struggle, and he probably would have only gotten hurt if he tried to resist her superior strength. Screweyes hastily stepped to her cage door, and slammed it shut; electricity surged through the bars. Cleo also noticed that inside her mouth, the pills had slipped to the edge of her throat. She had no choice but to swallow out of involuntary action. The pills left a repulsive aftertaste in her throat, but that wasn't the worst part. Cleo felt a headache so massive it felt as if her skull was going to tear apart. The pain was so great, she started struggling again, despite knowing there was nothing she could do to make it stop. She barely noticed under the pain of her splitting headache the small pains in her teeth and claws. Just then, she felt another kind of feeling in her head, one of shrinking of the mind as thoughts faded into senses of primitive knowing, of instinct alone. She also felt a sting in one of her legs. She whipped her head around to see a short figure holding a large object with a long, narrow point attached to a tube of some kind. She began to feel light-headed on top of the other feelings in her head. \"How you'll be terrified, my grateful audience! Awww, how you-\" sounded a dark voice, which was the last thing the Spinosaurus heard before giving in to sleep, her body losing all its strength as she buckled, collapsing to the cage floor.[Chapter 11] The Spinosaurus opened her eyes, finding them unusually heavy. The first thing she took in was that it was daytime. She saw she was in some sort of covered area, and with her were other large creatures, a few of them she sensed were types she would hunt, but the other she sensed was a hunter, the kind she would compete with for food and territory. The next thing she noticed was that the other creatures were each inside a large object with long sticks between the top and bottom and which were all around the sides of the objects. Looking back from them, she noticed she was in such an object as well. She lifted herself up, finding a strange feeling in her head that almost made her want to lie back down. However, it soon faded. She leaned forward, and went to lift a foot up to take a step forward, but found that something was holding her foot down, preventing her from taking any steps. She looked back at her foot, and found that there was something encircling her foot, something hard, and from it was a small line of hard-looking strangely-shaped circles that went into the bottom of the object she was in. She tried once again to move her foot while keeping an eye on it, but whatever it was keeping her foot from moving kept its hold. Turning her head back around, she roared in frustration, but instantly finding that her mouth couldn't open, and as such, the roar was trapped inside. She tried opening her mouth for testing purposes, but found something was keeping her mouth from opening, something vine-like that was tied around her snout. She reached up with her claws to tear it off, but found that something was holding her arms down as well. She turned her head to look at it, and saw that her arms were held down similarly as with her feet. She struggled with these arm bindings, but they too kept their hold. She again roared in frustration, but with the same result as before. It started to sink into her that she could go nowhere, and there was nothing she could do about it. Then she heard small footsteps. She looked over at the open part of the area's covering, where daylight was coming in. There were three small creatures. The one in front seemed to be a young male, with a lot of black, red, and blue for his colors. There was also a young female around the same age as the first one, and she had a lot of white on her with some greenish blue. The third seemed to be older than the other two, although he was shorter. He was colored in a lot of orange, yellow, and white. The Spinosaurus had the tiniest, faintest sense of familiarity about each of these three, but she couldn't identify why. Upon the arrival of these three small creatures, the Spinosaurus heard each of the other four large creatures suddenly cry out. Something about the sudden excitement in the air made her struggle against her bindings, which only led her to trying to roar again in her rekindled frustration. Noticing that it got quiet again, she calmed back down. It was then she heard a sound from the small creatures. \"What's happened to them, Mr. Stubbs?\" the young female sounded to the older male. The Spinosaurus didn't understand their kind of sound, only understood that it was their way of communicating with each other. \"The Professor said some stuff that set them off the deep end. That's why they tore up the contract,\" the older male sounded. The Spinosaurus saw the younger male take a step forward, and seemingly downward. At the same time, she heard the other hunter creature shuffle; his footstep heavy against the bottom of the object he was in. Sensing it meant nothing, the Spinosaurus turned back to the three small creatures. 'It was a deal they made,\" the older male seemed to finish from what he was communicating. \"So they're this way, 'cause of me?\" the younger male sounded. \"I guess so,\" the older male seemed to reply. Though the Spinosaurus couldn't understand them, she noticed something about the tones of the two males that was negative in nature; not angry, but probably not normal either. She heard the small female make a sharp sound with her breath. \"Louie, look! Is that Cleo?\" the young female sounded. The younger male instantly turned his head towards the Spinosaurus. The sense of familiarity came back to the Spinosaurus, and another sense joined it at the very last part of what the young female sounded. However, the Spinosaurus couldn't remember why anything was familiar, and there was a hurting in her head. The pain of it made her struggle more against her bindings, trying to pull them out from each angle she could manage. She tried roaring again in her pain and growing frustration; again, the binding around her snout held back the roar. \"I think it is,\" the younger male sounded. He then turned to look at the older male. \"Why is she so restrained like that?\" \"From what I heard, she took something the Professor said as a challenge against how tame they all were. She ended up biting one of the Professor's arms, and nearly breaking it. This is why she has stronger restraints than the others; she proved she was potentially more violent and aggressive than the others,\" the older male sounded, seemingly in response to the younger male, who turned back to look at the Spinosaurus. \"I-I didn't think she had that in her,\" he sounded. There was something in his face and tone of voice almost like sadness, but then it changed as he turned back to the older male. \"What will happen to them, Stubbs?\" \"He's featuring them in the show tonight,\" the older male seemed to respond, then turning around to head back outside as he continued, \"All the usual weirdos will show up, I'm sure.\" The two younger creatures then followed right behind him. \"Stubbs, you've gotta get us in that show!\" the younger male sounded. The three seemed to pause their movement as they exited. \"I can't do that!\" the older male sounded. \"Don't you see? They did this for us!\" the younger male seemed to respond. The Spinosaurus couldn't see what they were doing, but kept her gaze at them out of curiosity. She saw the younger male gesture with his arms back inside the covered area before continuing his communication, while swinging his arms back toward the older male. 'This guy's crazy, Stubbs. He's never gonna laugh at your jokes,\" the younger male continued. There was a small crashing sound, with the older male suddenly disappearing from sight, with the two younger ones following right behind. The Spinosaurus turned her gaze from the opening. Though she had not understood the meanings of the sounds they made, she was sure from the way they came in, conversed some, then left, that the reason they had come in the first place involved her and the rest of the large creatures she was next to. It made her head hurt again to think over it. 000000000 Later in the day, two figures came to their area. One was the older male creature from earlier, and the other was a taller male who seemed to be even older than the shorter one, and was mostly black for his coloration. The shorter one was pushing something that seemed to have some small square-shaped objects stacked on it. The Spinosaurus could smell something in a couple of the square objects that made something growl inside her. The shorter male carefully pushed his carrying object down what appeared to be a strange, small, jagged cliff. He then pushed it around to the middle of the area. While he pushed it, the Spinosaurus noticed the square objects were resting against the carrying object's hard-looking sticks, and it was moving with two circular objects at the bottom. He was pushing it with his hands gripping two hard-looking sticks extending backwards from the top. He stopped pushing it when he got to the large creature at the far end. He let it stand straight up, and then he took the square object from the top of the stack. He opened the object, and inside it appeared to be yellowish flat lines of a nature not unlike flat greens that are eaten by the kind of creatures that the Spinosaurus and other hunters would hunt. The short male lifted the yellow food from inside the square object it was in, and it all came out as one square shape. He tossed the square of yellow food through the hard-looking sticks of the large object that held that large creature. The Spinosaurus noticed how there was space in between the sticks of their confining objects. She looked back to the sticks in front of her, trying to let an idea to come to her. Before she could start, she noticed the taller male of the two small creatures had come closer to her, and was looking up at her. \"Have you been a good dinosaur today?\" he sounded. There was something about his tone that she didn't like. She dipped her head down and slightly forward to get a better look at him. She used her instincts to sense his being. She sensed something bad about him that strangely set off a twinge of irritation, though she didn't know why. She made a low growl from this irritation. \"Splendid,\" the taller male sounded, seemingly in response to her growl. She noticed that one of his eyes was very strange and different than his normal eye. She also noticed that there were white bindings around one of his arms. There were flashes in her head that seemed to want to form into sights, but were too weak to, but instead left her with a pain in her head like before. She growled more loudly from the pain and the irritation of how it kept returning. \"Now, now. Don't worry, you'll get your lunch, too,\" the taller male sounded. A smell came to the Spinosaurus. She calmed down enough to turn her attention towards the smell, and noticed the shorter male was pushing the carrying object towards her. She also noticed that there was only one square shape object left on it. She watched as the shorter male stopped the carrying object next to the taller male. The taller male then walked closer to one corner of the front of her confining object. The Spinosaurus leaned her head down again to inspect him, to watch for signals on what he was planning. \"Making this easier, are ya?\" he sounded. \"Look into my eye.\" Some green color began to come from his strange eye, and the Spinosaurus couldn't help but look at it. Her sight became filled with the strange eye, with the green circling around it. It ended as quickly as it started, and the entire figure of the taller male at the corner of her confining object, only everything had taken on a green tint. \"Now hold still,\" he sounded. The Spinosaurus still couldn't understand the sounds these small creatures made, but all of a sudden, she could understand the meaning of what the taller male just sounded. However, this new understanding didn't feel like her own, like something else was in her head giving the understanding to her. It also felt like it had control over her own will, as she found herself holding still, waiting for the next sound from the taller male creature. She barely heard a creaking sound she couldn't quite identity. Then she faintly felt a relief from around her snout. Her mouth reactively opened itself a bit from the relief. Then she felt something soft hit her tongue, something good to the taste. \"Now chew,\" the taller male sounded. The Spinosaurus instantly started chomping down on the meat in her mouth, and soon instinctually tilted her head back to let the food slide down her mouth as she swallowed. This process repeated a couple more times until the square shape seemed to have nothing left inside it. \"Now hold still again,\" the taller male sounded. The Spinosaurus held still while there was a faint feel around her snout once more, and then it felt tighter. Afterwards, the creaking sound from before sounded again. \"Good girl,\" the taller male sounded. The Spinosaurus barely heard small footsteps that began to grow faint. There was a sudden burst of light from the left, from which the Spinosaurus blinked in surprise. She then noticed that the green tint her sight had was now gone, and her sight was normal again. She also noticed that the understanding and controlling in her head was also gone. Blinking a few times, she turned towards the opening to the outside. Both of the small creatures were there, leaving through it, with the shorter male behind the taller male, who was all ready outside. \"Tonight, this will be one show nobody will ever forget,\" the taller male's voice sounded.[Chapter 12] Some hours later, nighttime fell upon the world. Throughout the day, the Spinosaurus had learned instinctively that she was helpless to her bindings, and so she remained standing in her large confining object, waiting for something to happen. Sometime when daylight was fading into night, the tall, old small creature from before returned to the area with the large creatures, only this time he brought with him a large group of other small creatures. The Spinosaurus watched the group split into pairs as they walked to each of the large confining objects, including hers. She leaned her head down to get a better view of the pair next to her. She heard footsteps, and peered up to see the tall, old creature coming up to her. Before she could try to sense what he was about to do, green color once again came out of his strange eye. In a moment, her eyesight was once again tinted green. She felt some time go by as she waited for something, though she didn't know what, but she did notice the strange feeling of something inside her head again, controlling her. She then heard a creaking noise, only this time, it seemed to be multiple creaking noises sounding all at once. She heard clicking noises around the area, and felt relief from around her wrists and ankles. Her instincts instantly were pushing her to escape, but the foreign feeling inside her head kept her instincts from turning into action. \"All right, you monsters follow me,\" a dark voice sounded. The Spinosaurus turned her gaze upon the tall creature, who was starting to walk toward the opening in the covering over the area, leading to outside. She took a step forward, stepping out of her confining object in the process. Barely noticing that the other large creatures having done the same, she follows obediently after the tall, old creature. He led them through the opening, instructing them to go through it one at a time. Outside waiting was a large, flat-topped raised object. The Spinosaurus barely noticed that in some spots on the flat-topped object were several somewhat large black circular objects from which stemmed similar bindings to what was in the confining objects. The tall, old creature instructed them to step onto the large flat-topped object, while he showed them where they would each stand. They all obediently followed his instructions, and the Spinosaurus barely noticed that after they were all at where they were instructed to go, they were next to the large circular objects. She also barely acknowledged the clicking sounds that followed soon after, and the feeling of something tight around her wrists and ankles once again. While waiting for another command, or something else to happen, the Spinosaurus stared down in front of her. She saw a group of large (but not as large as the large creatures around her on the flat object they were standing on) grey creatures, seeming to be confined and bound together while bound to the large flat object, and they were all turned to face forward. She sensed they were a kind of creature she might hunt, if it weren't for her lack of appetite, and the foreign feeling in her head that had control over her. Suddenly, white light beamed up in front of her, from the edge of the large flat object. The unexpected light made the Spinosaurus flinch out of surprise, blinking from the flash of the light's brightness. When she opened her eyes from blinking, she noticed that the green tint and the foreign feeling in her head were both once again gone. She then noticed something dark start to grow from the edges of the large platform, crawling up the beams of white light as it did so. In a matter of seconds, the dark matter covered the beams, making it impossible to see what was happening around the flat object. However, the white light did allow some visibility in the now-enclosed area on the flat object. The Spinosaurus looked around to get a sense of what was going on. She saw that the white light came up from the edges of the flat object, and angled inwards some, and their top ends met each other above her and the large creatures. It was then she noticed the other large creatures. To her left side was the other hunter, who was staring back at her in curiosity. She looked behind her and saw the other three creatures- the purple flying creature was directly behind her, the green one was positioned about in the middle, and the blue one was positioned directly behind the other hunter creature. She noticed they all had bindings on their necks and ankles in a similar fashion as to when they were back in the confining objects, except for the other hunter creature, who only had ankle bindings, and that they were all bound to the large black circular objects. Bringing her awareness back on herself, the Spinosaurus noticed she too had bindings on her ankles, but unlike the others with two arms, her wrists were also bound together and restrained down, just like in her confining object. She tested the truth in it by trying to pull her arms up, to no avail. She tried roaring in frustration and annoyance, only to find that her mouth was still bound shut. Remembering what she had learned earlier that day, she didn't try again. She knew she would have to wait for another unknown amount of time for something to happen. However, she didn't need to wait long. Only a moment later, the enclosed flat object seemed to make a small jolt, followed by a rumbling noise and vibrations; the flat object was starting to move. 00000 The large flat object was only in its slow-paced motion for a short time when the Spinosaurus began to hear some strange new sounds. One was a rumbling sound separate from the rumbling the flat object was making; it wasn't as prominent as other sounds, and it was short, ending with a low airy sound. Another sound became more prominent as the flat object continued its path. This new sound was constantly changing in tone, and didn't appear to have an end very soon. The Spinosaurus then felt the flat object go so slow it almost settled into a stop. Then she heard a loud noise, like something happening to something heavy. She felt the flat object now settle into a stop. She started to wonder what was going on, when she noticed that the constantly-changing sound had just become one tone, and it stopped. She heard in its place a low sound that was rapidly changing between two tones. Soon after this new sound started, a familiar voice sounded. \"Ladies and gentleman!\" the familiar voice sounded. The Spinosaurus almost instantly recognized it as the old small creature with the strange eye. 'I give you the most fearsome creatures of your darkest dreams. I give you…\" he sounded, and seemed to pause, as if he had something more to communicate. 'Monsters!\" he sounded in a harsh tone. Right after this last sound, there came a loud sound from the edges of the flat object. The sudden sound made the Spinosaurus flinch in surprise, and she saw red light crawl up from the edges, and seemingly consuming the dark matter in a manner that reminded the Spinosaurus of the hot light that destroyed everything in its path, as would occur once in a while in her homeland. Thinking of her homeland, the Spinosaurus realized that she was not in her homeland, but some place far different. Her instincts told her to try to escape and return to her homeland. She then noticed the energy around her soar. Glancing around, she saw that the other large creatures were all in a commotion, roaring and growling. The energy in the air made her forget what she learned about her bindings, and struggled against them, only to once again become frustrated. She took a glance, and saw that the dark matter had disappeared off of the white streaks of light, and now the white streaks were falling away from each other, off the edges of the flat object before disappearing. She noticed then that now she could see her surroundings. They seemed to be in a large circular area, and it was covered just like where she and the other large creatures were confined throughout the day. However, the major difference was that around the edges of the area were strange-looking cliffs, and there were seemingly countless small creatures like she's seen throughout that day. These new creatures on the cliffs seemed to be in a panic as they all scrambled for the tops of the cliffs. She heard the other hunter creature beside her snap his mouth a couple times, and then let out a loud bellowing roar. It was then she noticed that the other large creatures had started to settle down, and the energy in the air amongst them died down as well. \"Now, I will attempt the impossible,\" the familiar voice of the old small creature sounded. The Spinosaurus looked down, noticing that he was standing on the edge of the large flat object between her and the other hunter. She noticed that he was also facing away from them, towards the other small creatures on the cliffs. 'I will attempt to master the most fearsome of all the dinosaur clan. The ultimate sets of teeth in the history of the world, these two mighty carnivores!\" he sounded, and right after he finished, he waved his normal arm behind him, towards the group of large creatures as he twisted his body halfway to face them, turning his face all the way back to look at them. The Spinosaurus noticed that a bright white light had suddenly shone on her and the other hunter. Thinking nothing of it for now, she looked down at the old creature. She saw him twist his body the rest of the way to face them, but she could sense that with the way he was only staring upwards to face her and the other hunter, turning his head side to side to look at each of them, he meant to do something with her and the other hunter only. She bent her head down closer to him to get a sense of just what that intention might be. 'Look into my eye, you blood-thirsty things,\" he sounded, seemingly to just the Spinosaurus and the other hunter. The Spinosaurus noticed that green light was once again coming out of his strange eye, only aimed between her and the other hunter, which she noticed had bent his down as well. She saw him growl-roar in protest, and struggle against his circular objects, to no avail. Turning her awareness back to the green light, she saw it split, and went into the other hunter's right eye while also going into her left. Remembering the effects of the green light, she wanted to fight against it happening again, but before she could, her eyesight had a growing green tint, while the foreign feeling in her head reappeared. A few more seconds later, she felt herself once again waiting for the old small creature to communicate something to her. Under the feeling of being controlled, she barely noticed that the other hunter looked to be the same way. 'Remove their circles!\" the old small creature sounded. The Spinosaurus sensed that what he had communicated was not directed at either her or the other hunter, so she waited. She heard sounds of undoing something small but hard, and she felt a small amount of relief around her ankles and wrists, then more sounds of something small but hard hitting itself, coming from right underneath her. 'Now, take two giant steps!\" the old small creatures sounded. This time, the Spinosaurus sensed that this communication was directed at both her and the other hunter. The foreign feeling in her head gave her understanding of what he said, and forced her to take two steps forward, off the edge of the flat object, onto what felt to be ground. She barely noticed that the other hunter had done the same, at the same time as she had. She also barely noticed that the other small creatures on the cliffs were now scrambling more to the tops of the cliffs, panic still radiating from them. 'Heh heh heh. Now take two steps toward the audience!\" the old creature sounded. The Spinosaurus let herself take two more steps forward, barely noticing that the other creature had once again done the same. 'So you see, the creatures that scare you all do what I say,\" the old creature sounded. The Spinosaurus sensed that he was communicating to the other small creatures again, which were continuing to crowd the tops of the cliffs in their panic. 'I am the master of fear, and I am not afraid!\" The Spinosaurus then barely noticed a very small black flying creature glide through the area, and land inside a darkened area. There was a brief high-pitched sound, and bright white lights suddenly shone in front of the Spinosaurus. She flinched from the surprise, again blinking, and again noticing that when she reopened her eyes, the green tint in her eyesight and the foreign feeling in her head were both gone.[Chapter 13] The foreign feeling in her head was gone, as was the green tint in her eyesight. The Spinosaurus still noticed the binding feeling around her snout. She tried lifting her arms upwards again, and this time found that her arms were no longer restrained together or down; she could move them freely. Not thinking on it, she dipped her head downwards, and reached her arms up to her snout. She clawed at the bindings on her snout until she felt it release its hold tiny bits at a time. Then she heard something, a fear-filled sound from her left. She whipped her head around to see the other hunter creature holding the small old creature in one hand, lifting him up to his mouth. Her instincts ran wild, sensing that the other hunter had seen the small creature as food, and she wanted in on it as well. She spread her jaws open in a loud roar, barely noticing that in the process, the bindings around her mouth broke the rest of the way and the pieces fell to the ground. GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWRRRGH! The other hunter paused what he was doing to glare at the Spinosaurus. She whipped her body around as she started approaching the other hunter, barely realizing that she could walk freely, though she did feel something a little heavy around her ankles still, but she ignored it for now, focusing on the other hunter. She snapped her jaws challengingly at him as she took another step towards him. He snapped his own jaws fiercely at her, but she evaded his snapping jaws, quickly stepping to the left and in an instant, lowering her head down, and ramming it into his shoulder, unintentionally the same shoulder of the arm that was holding the small old creature. She felt the muscles in that arm weaken, just before she picked her head up to see him stagger backwards, the small old creature falling from his grasp, but she barely acknowledged this fact, nor did she acknowledge how the small old creature thud hard on the ground, but pick himself up and scurry off to the side. She didn't care about the reason for the fight anymore. Though the weird spinning feeling in her head didn't feel natural, something did feel natural about fighting the other hunter that she didn't want to end right then. The other hunter charged at her in what she sensed to be his irritation. Quickly getting over the spinning in her head, she stepped to the right to dodge, but her tail didn't whip with her quick enough, and the other hunter quickly seized the opportunity, snapping his teeth on the end of her tail. The Spinosaurus roared out in her pain. She whipped her body back towards him, instinctually aware that her tail was just barely long enough that she could do so even with him preventing her tail from moving with her. She rammed her head into his side again, though the other side from before, and in addition to the spinning feeling in her head coming back, she felt him release her tail from her blow. She whipped her tail back behind her as the spinning feeling faded again and as she turned to directly face the other hunter, who had recovered from her last blow enough to look at her. They exchanged glares; the Spinosaurus could sense he was feeling beyond irritated with her, and she knew the fight had become personal. It was no longer a fight for a meal, but one to establish the alpha hunter creature of the area. He let out a load bellow in his aggravation with her: RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWR! She responded with a load roar of her own: GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWRRRRRGH! , instinctually knowing this was their way of communicating to each other that neither was ready to yield to the other. The Spinosaurus saw the other hunter slightly dip his head down, with the top of his head facing visible to her, but he could still keep his eyes on her. Sensing what he was about to do, the Spinosaurus dipped her own head down similarly. She kept her eyes on the other hunter, and she saw him start taking a step towards her, leaning his body forwards slightly. Sensing what he was doing, the Spinosaurus herself starting stepping towards him, quickening her pace at the same time as he did. When they were close to colliding with each other, the Spinosaurus suddenly lifted her head up and thrust her hands out. Her hands caught the other hunter on each side of his head, just behind the edges of his mouth. At the same time, she pushed back against him, using her own weight to slow his charge. Once he was coming to a stop, she let him move forward a couple steps more, while she took a couple steps to her left, to his right side. She looked at what she was instinctually was going for: his exposed neck. She thrust her head forward in her last step to the side, and bit down hard on the back of his neck with a firm grasp. She heard him roar in pain, but she held her grip. Acting on an instinct she didn't quite understand herself, she slowly began to move her hands to grasp his neck. She just got her left hand onto his neck, to the left of her mouth, when she suddenly felt a great pain on her right arm. The immense pain caused the Spinosaurus to release the grip of her jaws on the other hunter's neck and let out a loud roar in response to the pain: GRAAAAWRRGH! She glanced to her right, and found that the other hunter had bitten down on her right arm. Remembering her left arm was still free on the back of his neck, she moved her left arm forward a bit, and then jerked it back, slashing his neck with her claws. He roared out in pain again: RAAAAAAWRRR! , releasing her right arm. She took his moment of inaction to quickly lower her head and ram it into his right shoulder for the second time. The blow takes him off guard, and he stumbles to the side, his body still hunched over from his increasing fatigue, his back nearly horizontal. The Spinosaurus took the opportunity to attack him again, and she charged the distance between them, watching him turn his head to her with anger in his expression, his mouth in a snarl and his teeth bared. Before he could do anything, she was all ready whipping her head and arms to grasp his neck again, and at the same time, pushing down on him. Her momentum and strength combined was enough to force the other hunter to fall onto the ground on his underside. While forcing him down, the Spinosaurus adjusted the positions of her mouth and hands so that her mouth had a strong clasp on the back of his neck, and her hands had a firm grip on either side of her mouth, her clawed fingers curled tightly right over his neck bones. The Spinosaurus knew she had conquered the other hunter, and instinctually knew that she had to finish him off to claim her place as alpha hunter. She also knew that to do so, all she had to do was do one quick forward motion with her mouth and hands. She jerked her mouth and hands backwards as to make the movement a little more powerful. She felt in her mind a readiness to follow through with the movement. \"No! Don't do it!\" Author's Note: Here it is, my dear readers. The chapter I've been looking forward to since I first had the idea to do this story. I apologize for the relative shortness of the chapter, but I couldn't resist the perfect opportunity for a cliffhanger. :P[Chapter 14] \"No, don't do it!\" came a small fear-filled voice from her left. The Spinosaurus paused, her readiness shattered. In her irritation, she took her mouth off the other hunter's neck, whipped her head to the left and gave a growling sound at whatever interrupted her kill. GRAWRRRRGH! The Spinosaurus then saw what had made the sound that interrupted her. There was a small light brown creature with a big mean-looking face, big hands and feet, and seemed to have something covering most of its skin, and something red on the top of its head that didn't seem natural. What also didn't seem natural was how there seemed to be a face inside the creature's big mouth. Whatever this strange small creature was, the Spinosaurus would have to deal with it for it interrupting her kill. She growled in her irritation. \"Cleo…\" the strange creature sounded. The Spinosaurus noticed how it was using the same kind of communication sound as the small creatures she had been seeing since she woke up in her confining object. The sound the strange creature had just made caused a speck of pain inside the Spinosaurus's head that was familiar in nature, but one she didn't want to feel again. She growled again. The strange creature lifted one of its arms; that hand grasping its face, while the other hand lifted up and grasped the red top. The second hand took off the red top, while the first hand peeled its face back, making the mouth open wide, revealing a small young male creature that seemed familiar to the Spinosaurus. The hand of the strange brown creature that was holding the red top then put the red top onto the young male's head. The young male then seemed to peel his arms out of the arms of the brown creature, and then he grasped the edge of the mouth of the strange brown creature, and pushed down while lifting his legs seemingly out of the legs of the brown creature. He stepped away from the brown creature, which now seemed to be all skin now, lying on the ground lifeless. The Spinosaurus then noticed that the young male was looking up at her, with a strange expression on his face she couldn't identify. \"Don't you recognize me? It's me, Louie,\" he sounded at her, with a tone in his voice just as strange as his facial expression. The Spinosaurus remembered the three small creatures that appeared earlier in the day, one older male, one young female, and one younger male, who had white on his feet, blue on his legs, and red and black around his middle and arms and on his head. She had no doubt this young male was the same creature, and he was using a similar tone in his voice as he did earlier. She noticed that at the very last sound he had made just then, the speck of pain in her head grew a bit. She made a low growl as she tried to figure out what it all meant. The Spinosaurus saw movement at the edge of her eyesight. She looked a ways to the right. She saw a familiar small creature seemingly pulling himself along the edge of the ground, where there seemed to be a structure separating the ground from the area where strange cliffs were set up. The Spinosaurus recognized this small creature as the old one with the strange eye and that has been controlling her and the other large creatures. She made a hissing growl in her recognition. The small old creature whipped his head instantly to look at her. The Spinosaurus noticed that his eyes immediately filled with fear, and his mouth hung open in a fearful expression. She looked at his arm that had the white bindings on it. The pain in her head instantly grew and like before, flashes happened inside the Spinosaurus's head that were trying to form into images. The pain was so great, the Spinosaurus winced, taking her hands off of the other hunter, to put her hands over her head, which she dipped down in her wincing. She let the tips of her claws pierce into the top of her head, almost hoping the pain from her claws would make the pain inside her head go away. However, it did not. The flashing and pain only continued. The Spinosaurus took a few steps backward, growl-roaring in her suffering. GRRRRAWRRRRRGH! Suddenly the pain subsided considerably. The Spinosaurus noticed it, and aside from the small hurting leftover, she felt a small touch on one of her legs. She lowered her arms from her head, and turned her head to the left. She saw the young small male creature with the outer half of his right arm touching against her leg. He wasn't looking up at her, but seemed to look at her leg, but with a look in his eyes she couldn't identify. He raised his left hand, placed the palm of it onto her leg, and began stroking her on the leg. He then turned his head and gazed up at her. The look in his eyes gave the Spinosaurus a strange feeling. \"Cleo, you have to remember,\" he sounded, his voice seemingly cracked for some reason the Spinosaurus couldn't figure out. \"You always seemed to not take things as they appeared to be, like you somehow knew something the rest of us couldn't see. Now I think those were your instincts, Cleo. You were afraid of your own instincts, weren't you? I have seen why, but the way I see it, they are what make you special among the group. Look at me, Cleo, and use your instincts to remember.\" The young male's eyes then seemed to glaze over with an invisible layer that shone in the light. The Spinosaurus took her eyes off the young male creature, slightly turning her head, as her mind filled with flashes again, only this time, they didn't hurt. Aside from it all, the Spinosaurus could still feel the young male stroking her leg. The flashes began to lessen, as sounds and images replaced them inside her head. \"Why not just give me some sort of antidote and release me back into the wild?\" The Spinosaurus sounded, in the same kind of sound as the small creatures as she drooped expressively. \"Why keep me at all?\" \"I believe everyone deserves the chance for intelligence. Taking it away would be cruel,\" said a kind voice from an old small creature. \"Besides, despite the possibility that you may have a violent spark in you still, I'm not giving up on you just yet…\" A bubble with the young male creature, who sounds, \"Gee, I wish I had a friend.\" The young female creature coming off the flying creature, as the young male sounds, \"Everybody, I'd like you to meet my new friend, Cecilia Nuthatch.\" Two furry creatures wearing the same…clothes as the two young creatures did. The other hunter sounds, \"Change them back! Or I'll-\" \"Or you'll what?\" interjects the bad old creature with the…screw for an eye. \"You're too enlightened by my brother's Brain Grain, you've lost your savagery. You've lost your frightening prehistoric power to intimidate…\" The Spinosaurus pinning the old creature to the ground, sounding, \"…I might still have a spark of aggression in me, and that would have made me a potential danger to people, and you know what? He was right.\" The Spinosaurus's own voice in a thought: \"I suppose we'll have to trust Louie and Cecilia to remember us as we are now, for I have the feeling what we'll become won't be so friendly to humans.\" The Spinosaurus found herself understanding the language in her memories, the language of the small creatures…humans. Along with words, she started to remember other things. The kind old creature…Captain Neweyes, who had told her to stay behind on the ship so he could keep an eye on her. His memory gave the Spinosaurus a pain in her gut…guilt. Captain Neweyes's brother, the creature who had been controlling her and the rest of the dinosaurs…Professor Screweyes. She was the cause of his injured arm, the reason why it was in a cast. The other dinosaurs, with whom she has stuck with ever since the day they were dropped into this city…Elsa, Dweeb, Woog, and Rex. The two children, Louie and Cecilia, who had been there for the dinosaurs ever since meeting them. Something about Rex had reverted them from their ape forms back into humans. The Spinosaurus now had a feeling what that something was, and this human boy was giving her the same thing. It was the love that is felt in strong friendship. The Spinosaurus looked back at the human boy, Louie. He was staring up at her in awe, and his eyes shifted to her hands. She stood upright so she could arch her head down to look at her hands herself. She saw that the claws were slowly broadening and dulling. She bet that her teeth and toe claws were doing the same. She then noticed that among her changing, her mind was all ready growing, replacing raw primitive instinct. \"Cleo?\" Louie's small voice came. She looked down at him, finally recognizing that name as hers. Louie was looking up at her inquisitively, as if he wanted to know if she recognized him, after seeing her changes. She hunched back down to meet him more at eye level. She moved the tip of her tongue up the roof of her mouth, positioning it for something she wanted to try, to see if she remembered how to do it. \"…L-Louie?\" she asked rhetorically. She grinned on the inside, as she felt a happiness, a pride, at the fact she remembered how to talk. \"Way to go, Cleo!\" Louie shouted joyfully, jumping in the air. He then ran up to her, and embraced his arms around her snout. Cleo couldn't help but let a smile form on her own face.[Chapter 15] While Louie clung to her snout, Cleo's ears suddenly noticed something. She glanced around and saw that the whole audience in the bleachers was applauding, the greatest amount of applause Cleo had ever seen. Most of them were giving standing ovations, and many of them were whistling out, and countless hats were being tossed into the air. They must be cheering for Louie's bravery. Admittedly, he was something else, confronting the deadly, vicious dinosaur I'm sure that I was, and that could have ripped him in half and not thought twice about it. Instead, he ended up reverting said super-predator back into a tame state. You don't find bravery like that every day , she thought, her smile growing as she looked back down on the boy. Cleo saw movement coming from the front. She glanced up and Cecilia sprinting up to them. Cecilia put her hand on Louie's shoulder to get his attention. He instantly broke his hug on Cleo's snout as he turned to Cecilia, who gave him a wordless look on her smiling face. In a split second, he seemed to understand the unspoken words, and both turned their attentions to the other dinosaurs. They rushed in different directions. Louie went straight for Rex, who was still stuck on his belly next to the wall bordering the center ring. He still had a mean look on his face from the fight, but Louie didn't seem to notice as he rushed around Rex's arm, and wrapped his arms around the tyrannosaur's neck. Instantly, Rex's brown brightened into orange as his spots were replaced by stripes, his eyes moved higher up, and his teeth and claws broadened and dulled. After he was fully reverted back to the way he was, he gave a huge smile at Louie. Cleo watched the pair with fondness, until her eyes wondered to Rex's neck. There were marks where teeth had grasped him-her teeth, and he had three nasty red slash cuts across the back of his neck. She saw that he had all ready begun to bruise around the tooth marks. She looked down at his right side, and saw signs of bruising in two large spots, one around on his ribs, and the other on his shoulder. Cleo quietly gulped, as guilt came over her. The least I can do to make it up to him, I guess, is to help him up. Louie certainly won't be able to , she thought with a sigh. She moved closer to Rex, and looked down at Louie, who was looking up at her. She gave him a small smile, and slightly whipped her head to the side expressively, asking him to move away, and move on to the other dinosaurs. He smiled back in understanding, and scurried away. Cleo turned to Rex. \"All right. Let's get you up, shall we?\" she asked rhetorically. He smiled at her, and tried to push himself up with his arms. However, he seemed to suddenly get stricken by pain in one of his arms, and it forced his upward pushing to break, and with a groan, he crashed back onto the ground with a hard thud. Feeling even guiltier about the damage she did to him, Cleo stepped around to his left side, and dipped her head down as he tried pushing himself up again. Cleo inserted her head underneath the side of his chest, next to his arm. She pushed up with her head, pushing against the ground with her own arms for support. There was pain in Cleo's right arm, but she tried her best to ignore it. The leverage formation started to work, as Rex held onto her neck with his left arm, which helped keep him up as he was being pushed up off the ground, to the point where he could bring his legs up from their outstretched position, and plant his feet along the ground. Having done so, with Cleo still using herself as support, they managed to get him standing. Cleo whipped her body around so that they were side by side, with Rex's arm still hanging over the back of her neck, while she wrapped her right arm underneath his arm, and around his back, with Cleo still helping support Rex, who was wincing now from his injuries. \"What happened?\" Rex asked her. Cleo looked at him with an expression of her guilt and remorse. Split second memories flashed in her mind, of her and Rex in their primitive states, roaring at each other. She looked away from him. \"I think you and me got into a fight,\" Cleo replied. The truth was, she wasn't completely sure what had happened. Waking up in her cage that day, being loaded onto the platform, her fight with Rex-it had all seemed like a dream, or rather, a nightmare. She figured her uncertainty came from how a lot of her memory from when she was in her primitive state went away when her memories from her tame state returned. What was left was apparently still there, but wasn't strong enough to form fully in her conscious. \"We did? Then maybe I don't want to know the details,\" he replied with a tone of attempted humor. He gave a hearty chuckle, but immediately winced afterwards, and Cleo assumed it was from his injured sides. Her sorrowful expression grew at his pain. It was then that she let herself assess her own injuries. Aside from her right arm, which felt like it had been bitten, she felt some pain at the end of her tail. It too felt like it had been bitten. Other than that, she didn't feel any more wounds on herself. I must have done more damage to him than he did to me , she thought. I couldn't imagine how vicious I must have been to get so wrapped up in a fight. Her thoughts reminded her of the children. She looked over towards the center of the arena. Louie and Cecilia seemed to just have finished up, with them being gathered into Dweeb's arms. She noticed that Elsa, Dweeb, and Woog were all back to their tame states, shown by their brightened colors. Her eyes wondered, and noticed that the three were all still chained to large black balls. She looked down, and saw that she and Rex still had braces around their ankles where their chains must have linked to. \"What is it?\" Rex's voice came. She lifted her head back up to look at him. \"You and I still have our ankle bracelets on us, and the others are still restrained by those large balls. How are we going to get them off? Not one of us dinosaurs is strong enough to break metal, and I don't suppose any of the audience has a hack saw with them,\" she replied, adding some humor to the last part. Suddenly, a bright light shone from above. Cleo looked up, and saw that a strong source of light was coming closer to the top of the tent. Two small blades each appeared at two different points at the top, stabbing through the canvas. Then the two blades moved in a large circle with each other, making a snipping sound as they went, a snipping sound that reminded Cleo of scissors. The circle the supposed scissors were making was completed in a moment, and the canvas of the tent began to fall. The canvas slipped down the pole frames and crashed to the ground, causing a huge dust cloud to rise over the whole scene. Cleo looked down, closing her eyes as the dust rose, but it quickly settled again. She looked back up again, and around the bright light coming from the bottom of it like a huge spotlight, she made out a very familiar airship. It's Captain Neweyes! she thought happily, not feeling that she, the other dinosaurs, and their children friends, were alone anymore. However, her relief and happiness quickly faded as thoughts from the back of her mind caused guilt to grow inside her again. She then heard a familiar pep-rally-like whistling. In the bright light, she could make out a tiny figure next to two objects coming from inside the ship that looked like arms. The \"arms\" snapped upwards, and one whipped back downwards, sending a ball of what appeared to be fire. \"Do-do-do-doo! Incomingggggggggg!\" came the voice Cleo then recognized as Vorb. Cleo followed the ball of fire with her eyes, and noticed it seemed to dart straight for Elsa. When the ball of fire was close, Cleo flinched away, afraid of what would happen. Memories arose in her mind, of her standing at the edge of the airship's hole, and then when she discovered the packs they had for their drop were parachutes. I had doubted the Captain's intentions then, and was proven wrong. Why should I doubt him now? she thought rhetorically to herself. She turned back around to look, and saw that the brace around Elsa's neck, where her point of restraint was, was completely gone. Surprised, Cleo looked back up to the ship. The arms were tossing more fire balls down to them. She saw one fly her way, but she didn't flinch this time. She instead watched as it darted straight for her legs, and impacted one of her ankle braces, disintegrating it into nothing. Before she could lift her head back up, another fire ball appeared in her view, and disintegrated the other ankle brace. She looked back over to the platform, and noticed that all the braces on the others were all gone, and she supposed Rex's were gone, as well. She then heard popping noises from above. She raised her head and saw fireworks coming from the ship and exploding in the air above the tent.[Chapter 16] While she watched the fireworks, she saw a silhouetted rectangle in the light coming from the hole on the bottom of the ship. She was a bit suspicious on what it was, and her suspicion only grew to a knowing as the rectangle shape grew bigger as it seemed to descend to the ground. Captain Neweyes is coming down on the platform. What am I gonna say? Surely he'll know all that I've done , she thought worriedly. When the platform touched the ground, Cleo noticed that Neweyes had a glare on his face, directed at Screweyes. \"Brother,\" Neweyes said bluntly and somewhat bitterly, as he began stepping off the platform. \"I should have known you were behind this,\" Screweyes growled in response as Neweyes stepped towards Louie. \"I knew by the time I had arrived, this boy had beaten you,\" Neweyes replied. Then he turned to Cecilia. \"I heard your wish on my wish radio very good. 'Let no bad happen.' Couldn't agree more,\" he told her with a wide smile and a very pleased, and perhaps proud, tone. \"Cleo?\" Rex's voice came. Cleo broke her zoned observing of the humans to turn her head so she could look at Rex. \"Yeah, Rex?\" she replied questioningly. \"I think I can keep myself up now. Thanks for the help,\" he told her with a small smile. She looked at him for a couple seconds, feeling her guilt again from knowing she was the cause of his pain, before she put a small smile on her own face. \"Don't mention it.\" Cleo slipped her arm from around his back, gingerly positioning it back down at her side. Then she looked back over at the others. She noticed Neweyes looking at her. He turned one hand over to make a gesture with his index finger in a way of asking her to go over to him. She made a small gulp before starting to walk over to him. As she started to walk, she heard Rex's voice. \"Louie?\" Rex seemed to softly call to the boy in question. Louie paced back towards Rex at the same time Cleo was stepping towards Neweyes. She turned her head back as she continued walking. Rex had lowered his upper half down so that he could be at eye level with Louie. \"Are you all right, Rex?\" Louie asked, as more of a way to ask Rex if there was something wrong that was worrying him. \"Did I do anything bad?\" Rex asked, still in his soft, troubled voice. \"No, no. You were great,\" Louie replied with a slightly joyous laughter in his voice as he patted Rex's snout. Cleo turned her head back around. \"Well, that makes one of us,\" she mumbled sadly, returning her thoughts to Rex's injuries and imagining how vicious she believed she must have been in her primitive state. \"Cleo…\" Neweye's voice broke her out of her thoughts. She noticed that he had a neutral tone to his voice; no signs of upset or disappointment, but also no signs of approval. Nevertheless, there was something in his tone that was urging her to say something for herself, and it worked. \"I know, Professor, I'm sorry. I'm sorry for sneaking off the ship after you told me to stay behind, but I believed I was ready to test myself. I now understand completely what you were worried about with me, and you were right. I am capable of inflicting harm. I'm sorry I doubted your judgement,\" she said with a sad, regretful look on her face. She hung her head while she drooped her body expressively to her guilt, and lowered her eyes to the ground. \"And I'm sorry I doubted you , Cleo,\" Neweye's voice came. Surprised, Cleo raised her head to look at him. \"What?\" \"When I saw my brother's arm in a cast and arm sling, I figured nothing else could have done that but you. I took from it that you are capable of directing your more harmful side at the right people, not innocents, and even then, you have a good level of restraint, so I know you're not capable of killing anyone,\" Neweyes explained, his tone a bit more positive than he started with. Cleo looked back at Rex for a moment, then back to Neweyes. \"I'm not so sure about that…\" she said, letting her guilt show in her voice. \"That wasn't really you, Cleo,\" Neweyes began, \"That was you under the Brain Drain. You can't blame yourself for what you did when you didn't know any better.\" Cleo perked up some, undrooping her body, and her facial expression of guilt fading into beginnings of a hopeful one. \"You forgive me, then?\" she asked in a feeble voice. \"Yes, I forgive you, Cleo. The question is, can you forgive yourself?\" he asked. The question surprised Cleo. She thought about all that he said, considering the truth in each part of it: her restraint even against bad people, and her primitive self not knowing any better. \"I can try, captain,\" she replied softly, giving him a small smile. Just then, there was a small whistle. Before Cleo could look for the source, Vorb appeared next to Neweyes. \"Captain Neweyes, it's time to go!\" the little green alien announced excitedly before zipping off while crying out, \"Do-do-do-doo!\" in his pep rally tone. \"All right, everyone, on board,\" Neweyes called out, mainly to the dinosaurs, \"I've got a surprise for you.\" Right then, a tiny, blue and red old-fashioned car with a yellow grill rushed onto the scene. Its driver was none other than the clown, Stubbs, who was apparently too big for the car, as his feet were sticking right up out of it, over each side of the car, as if he was sitting on top of the seat because he couldn't fit himself to sit in it. He turned the car around in a half circle right in front of Louie and Cecilia, somehow braking it at the same time. \"Good night folks!\" Stubbs cried out, but seemingly to either no one, or everyone, as he waved his arm up into the air. Then he looked directly at Louie. \"Good night, Louie,\" he said, waving his arm in the same way. \"Good night, Stubbs,\" Louie replied, with slight humor in his voice as he gave his own wave back at the clown. Stubbs then bounced in his tiny car, making it move forward again, and he steered it into a big U-turn, heading straight for the opening with the robotic archway in the form of an evil skull with a jester's hat on it, with metal legs ending in jester shoes. Cleo studied the archway for a second, figuring it's where the circus attractions entered the arena. Just then, there was a loud clapping sound, like someone stomping a foot as hard as they could. Cleo noticed that Stubbs halted the car dead in its tracks at the sound. She looked over and saw Screweyes standing about in the center of the arena, glaring directly at Stubbs. \"Stubbs, where do you think you're going?\" he growled angrily. \"Get back here!\" he commanded, stomping his heel, but not hard enough to make a sound. Cleo felt her familiar irritation towards Screweyes, but kept it in check, letting the two circus men to work out some obvious problem between them. \"Oh, I forgot to tell ya…\" Stubbs began, his voice a little quiet due to his distance. \"I QUIT!\" he shouted, making sure he's heard that time.[Chapter 17] \"I quit!\" he exclaimed again, bouncing in his tiny car, somehow backing it up all the way to do another complete spin as it halted in front of Screweyes, as Stubbs was saying, \"I resign! To get this completely in your ear, I am profoundly outta here!\" Cleo looked back at Screweyes to see his reaction, only to find that Screweyes didn't seem to be phased at all with his clown quitting, only lighting a cigarette in a holder as Stubbs continued his rant while raising himself up to Screweyes's eye level on a small ladder coming from inside the tiny car. 'And this thing about money. I ain't even complaining about my dry-cleaning bill, but hang around with elephants all day and try to keep your clothes clean!\" At this, there was laughter all around coming from the bleachers. Cleo herself allowed a small smirk form at one end of her lips at how good the clown was with the crowd. She even saw him react to them by briefly taking his hat off, wiggle his ears while giving a wide, open-mouth smile for the crowd, before replacing his hat and his serious expression while turning back toward Screweyes. 'But that's not the point. The point is, I quit. Quitsky, over and out-ster. That's all she wrote. Take my last check, buddy,\" Stubbs continued, while pointedly taking cash from under his hat, and slamming it down into Screweyes's hand, and started taking other things off his person and tossing them into Screweyes's arms, who had dropped his cigarette holder in the process. 'Here's my shoes, my nose, my horn, my buzzer…\" Cleo couldn't help but feel a sense of satisfaction from seeing Screweyes get visibly zapped from what was clearly a hand buzzer, from how it occurred upon Stubbs taking one of Screweyes's hands in what turned out to be a prank handshake, as Stubbs let his whole arm pop out. At first Cleo was taken aback at how his arm just came off, but realized it was a prank item as well. '…my fake arm, my bug-eye glasses…\" Stubbs then began taking more items out of his pants. '…my backstage passes, my hat…\" At this, Stubbs pulled his hat off again, and reaching into it, pulled out a white rabbit dressed in similar orange and white plaid overalls. '…my rabbit, his backstage passes, my fake fangs, a few birds, my pogo stick, my donkey ears…\" Cleo couldn't help but give a lighthearted chuckle at seeing Stubbs slap donkey ears on the increasingly overwhelmed Screweyes, who was just barely holding everything in his arms as it was. '…my extended tongue gag, my rubber chicken…\" Stubbs then got off his pogo stick so that he could be standing in place when he then reached under his shirt, and pulled out what looked like a giant tooth, while saying \"(You can't even get these anymore!)… my lucky whale tooth…\" Stubbs then took out a microphone stand from behind his back, gesturing back to his tiny car behind him, on which there was now a spotlight, and where a giant clam shell had appeared. The clam shell was slowly opening as Stubbs went on, his voice announcing it more rapidly than ever. 'And a giant clam that opens to reveal the American flag held by a mermaid…\" Cleo noticed how there was indeed a mermaid in the clam, with a green part that made up her tail and came up all the way to her chest, and she had lavender hair. The flag she was holding draped down, revealing a regular man wearing glasses, having a small mustache, and on his head was two tufts of hair behind each ear, with a long growth of hair coming from one and styling itself across his balding head, but not making it all the way. '…and her normal brother Richard,\" Stubbs concluded, facing the clam shell display. He then stepped over to the display, next to \"Richard,\" and taking out a green handkerchief with white polka dots, waving it in the air in a departure gesture. \"So long!\" Stubbs then leaped behind the clam shell into his tiny car, and started driving it around the clam shell display, stopping it next to Screweyes, who was still struggling under the weight of all of Stubbs' possessions. \"And oh, by the way,\" the clown started in a casual voice, \"In case you're wondering why I'm talking, and they're laughing, let me explain it to ya…\" Stubbs then paused for effect. 'THAT'S..COMEDY!\" he shouted into Screweyes's face, causing the professor to flinch his whole body away even while he was still holding Stubbs's things. Stubbs then turned away, and drove out of the arena the way he was going to, with a spotlight following him on the way out. Cleo then sensed a change in the presence around her, or rather, the lack there of. She looked back at the group that consisted of her fellow dinosaurs, the two children, and Captain Neweyes, and noticed that they were all getting on top of the elevator platform for Neweyes's airship. Without another thought, she followed suit, standing behind Woog, and looked back at Screweyes. He was now readjusting his appearance, putting his top hat back on. \"Will you change your ways and come with me?\" Neweyes asked his brother. Screweyes half turned toward them, and Cleo was sure that if the screw-head eye showed expression, he would be glaring at them from the corner of it as he plucked the red ball clown nose of his long one. \"Never!\" he growled with resolve. \"Then, we must go,\" Neweyes replied, his tone showing a bit of disappointment, but there was more of a hopelessness tone about it, as if that proposition was Neweyes's last attempt to change his brother, but was disappointed, and now Neweyes had decided that his brother would never change. At Neweyes's reply, the platform began to rise, and Cleo noticed that the lights in the circus were beginning to fade until the light coming from the airship was the only source of light in the circus arena, apart from a spotlight that was left on and shining down at the center of the arena, where Screweyes was standing. She also saw that as they began to rise higher, Screweyes had turned back and was looking up at them, but he was too far away by then for her to make out his facial expression. She did, however, notice small black dots appear from the darkness and begin to circle around over Screweyes. Black dots circling in a flying manner…they must be his crows , she thought. Peculiar, they remind of vultures, flying in a circle like that… She continued to let her thoughts puzzle it over, if but out of spite that she had her mind back, and was finally free from Screweyes's control. As Neweyes set the course for the next destination, she continued to think about the crows that had perched themselves across Screweyes's circus, and she wondered how controlled or free-willed they really were.[Chapter 18] The short ride to the Museum was quiet; all of the airship's passengers in their own silent state of a mix of thinking of all of what had happened with them at the circus, and relishing in the relief that it was all over, and they were finally going to get on with the reason they were sent to the city in the first place. Cleo had stopped thinking about the crows, and she instead watched the others on how they were unwinding from the events from the past couple days. Dweeb and Woog were snacking on hot dogs, of course. Elsa was standing on Rex's shoulder (his good one), balancing herself by holding one hand on the back of his head, and together they were watching the two human children with fondness. Louie and Cecilia were sitting down together in front of the dinosaurs, with Cecilia leaning herself against Louie, and Louie lightly wrapping one arm around her. Neither was looking at the other, but one could tell that their relationship was budding in their thoughts. Cleo found her eyes wondering back onto Rex's injuries, and small traces of guilt reappeared at the pit of her stomach. \" You can't blame yourself for what you did when you didn't know any better,\" Neweyes's voice resounded in her mind. \"The question is, can you forgive yourself?\" \"I can try, captain.\" Reminded of her own reassurance, she felt the traces of guilt fade. Captain Neweyes is right , she thought to herself. What's done is done, and it's all in the past now. I should forgive myself for my actions and move on, and make sure I learn from it. Cleo then felt the ship start to slow down; they must have been closing in on the Museum. She noticed the others start to come out of their relaxed positions and move towards the platform that would lower them down and out of the ship. Cleo stepped over to the platform, next to the circular hole that would be their exit. 00000000000 A few minutes later, they were stepping up to the museum. Rex had taken the lead after Captain Neweyes, with Dweeb coming up behind on Rex's left side, and Woog on the right. Elsa was perched on Woog's right horn, and Louie and Cecilia were on his back. At first, the children wanted to ride on Rex, but it was instantly decided that that would be a bad idea, due to his injuries. Cleo came up last, in between Dweeb and Woog, and as they walked, she took in the sight of what would become their new home. The building was impressive in size, even to a dinosaur. Lined all around the building were lights that seemed to be shining up from the ground, and faint lights shown through the windows that made the building appear like it had three stories. The wide stairs that led up to the front double doors were split into two flights, and in the middle of the midway landing, was a tall statue of a man on a horse. As they walked, the dinosaurs were easily able to skip the bottom flight of stairs in one step onto the midway landing. When they were all gathered at the door, Neweyes knocked hard on one of the doors. Cleo could hear a small sound inside, like a voice, but it was too muffled to make out. The double doors were cracked open, and Doctor Bleeb's small form appeared in between them. As soon as she saw them, her expression instantly changed to happy. Cleo couldn't blame her; they were supposed to have all ready been there over twenty-four hours ago. \"Ah, welcome, welcome,\" Bleeb greeted them, while pushing each door wide open-the left with her hands, the right with her back. \"You've taken so long, I almost gave up.\" She proceeded to shake Neweyes's hand while she went on. 'But the good captain explained,\" she told the dinosaurs, briefly patting Neweyes's hand, the same one she shook, as Neweyes led the group inside. \"You've had so many adventures. Well, you must be tired after such doings,\" she continued, briefly patting one of Woog's cheeks. 'This way, please. We need to move to a more comfortable room.\" Dr. Bleeb proceeded to lead them further into the museum. Cleo noticed that the museum appeared to have rooms coming off its halls, each with a large door, so she assumed that meant that each room was impressive in size on its own. The room Dr. Bleeb led them to seemed to be a very large, very spatial lounge, lit by a few lamps with orange shades. There were a few large pillows set up around the room, and a green chair by one corner next to the large windows, out of which there was a good view of the city. It was there at the windows that Rex decided to settle himself, heading straight for a spot by the windows, while Woog settled down on one of the pillows. While Dweeb sat down next to him on his left, Louie and Cecilia slid down off of Woog and sat themselves on the pillow in front of him, between him and the green chair, in which Dr. Bleeb was sitting down. Elsa moved from her perch on Woog, to on top of Dweeb's head. Captain Neweyes took a chair by the wall on Dweeb's left. Cleo situated herself on a pillow to Woog's right. She glanced out the windows, taking in the sea of small lights, with an almost full moon in the sky. It reminded her of when they first saw the city. She glanced at Rex, and from the look of admiration on his face, he was probably reminiscing of that moment too. \"I'm sure you'll sleep well tonight,\" Bleeb started telling them, \"Have your dreams of this beautiful world, and tomorrow, you'll begin to fulfill the wishes of many children. We'll make believe you're statues.\" Then she leaned forward and put a hand up around next to one of her cheeks, in a brief gesture as if she were letting them in on a secret. Cleo sensed movement, and turning her head, she saw Rex starting to sit down on a pillow to her right, completing a semi-circle around Dr. Bleeb. 'The adults will wait outside as you reveal the miracle of yourselves to the young…\" Cleo considered this, remembering how during the parade, after Rex's spontaneous song and dance revealed them all as real live dinosaurs, the children were not afraid of them, but the adults went into mass panic. With this plan to leave their parents outside, that is sure not to happen again , Cleo thought, a small smirk creeping on her face. '…It will be very good. It will be very good indeed.\" 000000000000 The next morning, Cleo woke up more refreshed than she could remember feeling in a while, despite the spots of soreness she could feel in her arm and tail. She tried to search her memory for what could have happened after she took Screweyes's Brain Drain a couple nights prior that would have prevented a proper sleep. All she could remember was split-second images of a cage, and the clown, Stubbs, holding something, but that part of the memory was too blurry to make it out. Dismissing the matter, she decided to see what the others were up to. She looked towards the door of the lounge, where they had slept, seeing that it was open. She got up from her laying position, and stepped over to the door. She saw that the other dinosaurs were all ready awake and in the main hall, but they were standing in a horizontal line, with their backs to the lounge, and staring at something off to the side. Cleo figured how they were still standing there in awe, that they hadn't been awake much longer than she had. She walked up to them, wondering what had gotten their attention. She followed their gazes, and saw that there was a giant set of golden curtains hanging over one wing of the museum. \"Oh, good, you're all awake.\" Cleo looked down to see Dr. Bleeb coming up to them. \"You all need to follow me. It's almost time to let the visitors in.\" \"Where are the kids that were with us?\" Cleo couldn't help but ask. \"Oh, the boy is over there,\" Bleeb replied, pointing behind them. Cleo, along with the others, all turned their heads. Louie was standing at a little podium with what appeared to be a large book on it. Noticing them all looking at him, Louie waved at them. \"He's going to be managing the guestbook for me today.\" Cleo turned back to Bleeb, sensing she had more to say; the others had done the same. 'The girl is going to help me reveal the exhibit to our visitors. Now, this way, please.\" Dr. Bleeb then began to walk from the way she came, further back into the museum. The dinosaurs followed behind her to the gold curtains. Standing next to the curtains was Cecilia, who had a pleased look on her face as the dinosaurs approached the enclosed area in the wing. Bleeb paused at the curtains to fling them open a little so that the dinosaurs could find and slink through where the curtains split. Behind the curtains was an area with a half circle of gold posts connected by red tubular ropes that appeared like they could unhook on either end in between the posts. The area itself featured a stage. The backdrop of it was painted to look like a dry land setting in the foreground next to a prehistoric rainforest in the background. On the left side of the stage was a large fern plant to go along with the theme. \"Okay, gang, take positions there on the stage, and I'll go let our guests in,\" Bleeb instructed, right before starting to walk away, towards the front of the building. Cleo followed the others in the area. Rex took up a spot on the right side of the stage, freezing himself into a pose with his head tilted up some, his eyes wide open and his arms outstretched as far as his bruised shoulder would allow. Dweeb stood next to him, his pose with his arms dangling downward, his head tilted up some and a little sideways. Woog stood next to Dweeb, only staring straight ahead. Elsa stood on his back, with her arms raised up some, showing off her wings, but not enough to show her full wingspan. Cleo followed behind them, taking the spot next to Woog on the far left side of the stage. She decided to go with a natural pose, and posed her tail around behind Woog and Dweeb, hunched herself down some, and tilted her head down some, and let her mouth hang slightly ajar. After a few moments, Cleo could hear footsteps, followed closely by the faint sound of many sets of feet, and small sounds of chatter. Dr. Bleeb appeared between the curtains. She gave them a smile and a thumbs-up, letting them know the children had arrived. Then she turned back to the curtains. \"Oh!\" she said, sounding surprised to see the guests. \"Thank you, thank you, I'll take them from here, please,\" she told someone, presumably Cecilia, while the curtains were drawn back some. 'Come on, children, this way.\"[Chapter 19] Cleo sat in the lounge of the museum, next to a podium with a large custom-made magnifying glass that had a light built in it, reading a magazine she had borrowed from the library the day before, turning the small pages with a claw. In the past two years they had been there in New York, for the most part, the adults had grown used to the dinosaurs, with a lot of help from their children, who had eventually convinced Dr. Bleeb to let the adults watch how the dinosaurs interacted with their children, and over time the adults learned that they were not any threat to anyone. Now the dinosaurs were able to walk (or in Elsa's case, fly) through the city freely without worry of every adult going into mass panic again, like they did the year when the dinosaurs had first arrived, when Rex exposed them during the Thanksgiving Day Parade. Now the adults would at least acknowledge their presence before continuing on their way, though some would actually greet them. The children, of course, would always greet them with smiles and waves. Thinking of children, Cleo was reminded of their two first human children friends, Louie and Cecilia. In the past two years, the two had quickly grown closer, and often went out on dates (as humans call them), such as row boating in Central Park. Aside their relationship, they often visited the dinosaurs in the museum. They would tell stories about how much closer they've become with their parents. Louie once told a story about how he went with his parents and three brothers to the Statue of Liberty, and had a great time. Cecilia once spent a day with her parents when they finally came home, and they all redecorated their condominium home. Cleo can also still remember the big smile on Cecilia's face when she told them how her parents promised that they would plan around their schedules so that they could spend every annual \"Family Night\" with her. Another memory came to Cleo. On the day of their reveal in the museum, after they had introduced themselves, and while the children rushed to them to play with them, she had met a particular young boy who had been staring at her with not fear or intimidation, but curiosity and awe. He had light, almost golden skin and brown eyes. \"What are you?\" He had asked with pure curiosity and interest in his voice. \"I'm a Spinosaurus. I don't know if you've heard of my kind,\" she had replied sincerely with a friendly smile, slight worry showing in her tone. \"No, I haven't, but I think you're the coolest looking dinosaur I've ever seen!\" He had replied, a huge grin spreading on his face. Cleo had grown a smile to mirror his at the compliment. Cleo smiled fondly at the memory. That same boy had recently visited the museum again, and told her that he saw something similar to her in a science magazine, how it said something about a war, and a museum getting bombed, and all the exhibits in it were destroyed. Cleo was now reading the same magazine about the subject, and found that what the boy had said was all true. She had been surprised when she learned some time ago that her wetland home that she grew up in was now all part of a vast desert, but she wasn't expecting what she was learning now. She had read on to learn that there was a museum in a city called Munich that was destroyed in a \"World War.\" Only a few photographs survived to preserve what was in the museum. A particular photograph stood out to Cleo, of what appeared to be some dinosaur bones, from a dinosaur with a large sail on the back, and from the bottom jaw bone, a fairly long snout; she recognized the incomplete skeleton as one of her kind. It's no wonder my kind isn't known by now , Cleo thought. If that museum hadn't been destroyed, then maybe my kind would be as commonly known as the T. Rex. Cleo then heard humming. She looked up from the magazine in time to see Rex walking into the museum. Within the past two years, the dinosaurs had taken up hobbies on the weekends when Dr. Bleeb would give them time for themselves; not that meeting and playing with children all day wasn't fun. In fact, Cleo found that being around human children was good for her; not once in the past two years had she felt her animalistic instincts or aggression. All the same, it was a nice gesture how Bleeb wanted them to have time to unwind themselves from their museum job. Dweeb and Woog took up jobs as hot dog vendors around the city, sometimes appearing at the huge sports arenas in the city. Elsa started helping the local law enforcement with spotting criminals from the air, and she was even developing excellent camouflage skills, disguising herself as a gargoyle on a building as not to give herself away when stalking criminals. Cleo helped Bleeb with the other exhibits in the museum, either with helping put up tall signs, banners, or the like, or with guiding visitors. As for Rex, after he had fully recovered from his injuries from the incident at the circus (though he'll have three linear scars on the back of his neck for a long time still), he had taken a liking to a game called \"golf.\" He even got a tailor to fashion him a custom-fitted white golf shirt and matching cap, and he bought a big pair of black shades to go with the ensemble. He would spend a lot of his weekends going to the golf course to play a game or two. However, he wasn't usually this late. It was past dark, and he was just now arriving back. \"Hey, Rex!\" Cleo called through the open doorway. Rex paused to look at her. \"You're later than usual. What'd you do, stop to chat with the birds?\" she teased. They'd grown to be close friends these past two years, so much so that the incident at the circus was a story to laugh at now. Cleo had also long since learned how to forgive herself for the injuries she inflicted on him. He gave her a big smile and gave a hearty chuckle. \"As a matter of fact, I did. I was telling a little blue tough guy named Buster the story about us,\" he told her, in apparent very good humor. Cleo wasn't sure how much of his humor was brought on by her tease, and how much was from an apparently good day at the golf course, but she dismissed the thought. \"Oh. Okay then,\" Cleo replied, trying to keep a tone of humor, but she was a little humbled how her tease backfired. Rex gave another hearty laugh, then continued on his way into the museum, while picking back up on his humming. Cleo could almost hear him mutter words along with the tune: \" Roll back the rock to the dawn of time… \" Cleo couldn't help but smile. Despite how it was a bad idea during that parade two years prior, Cleo couldn't deny that Rex's song was catchy, and it brought up a lot of good memories. She turned back to the magazine, but found that she couldn't focus on the content. Instead, she found herself humming the same, very familiar tune. She smiled a little wider while she hummed, knowing in the back of her mind that she didn't have to think of the tune; it came from her mind on its own, like an instinct. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own \"We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story\". The 1993 movie is owned by Steven Spie"},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"Havana Nights: Together Again","Author":"SweetNarumi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1906578","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Three Years Later Three years ago, Katie was forced to separate from the love of her lifenwhen the revolution succeeded in Cuba and Batista fled the country.nKatie's life was changed from her Cuban experience. Javier had introducednher to his culture. During her education with him, Katie learned to opennher heart and mind and in doing so she discovered and found herself. Fornthe first time, she was honest to herself and she learned about passion andnlove. Although she had lost Javier due to circumstances, she returned tonthe United States and focused on her other loves, dance and culture. Katienpursued these interests with an unnatural drive as if running away fromnreality. When Katie returned to the United States, she got notice that she wasnadmitted to Radcliff. She looked forward to the distraction and the newnenvironment, for the next few years she devoted every waking moment to hernstudy of Journalism and Dance. Between her studies and dance practice,nKatie hardly ever had a moment to think of anything else. However, somehownshe was also able to squeeze in learning Spanish, which she becamenmoderately fluent in by her third year. As Journalism major, Katie kept onntop of current events; her specialty was in culture and politics. This wasnKatie's way of keeping up with Javier subconsciously, although shenconvinced herself she was able to let it go and move forward in her life.nIn the matter of Dancing, Katie became an accomplished dancer by her ownnright although she never found another partner that compared to Javier, sonshe danced mainly as a soloist or parts of troupes. Katie made a name fornherself in the dancing world with her knowledge and ability in Latin andnCuban native dancing. When she returned to the States, she took all shenlearned from Javier and her experience and integrated into her own style. Javier, on the other hand, was not as privileged as Katie. When Katienleft, Javier's heart was broken, but she gave him hope and meaning. Javiernnow knew that he did make a difference, that his family depended on him andnhe worked to help make ends meet. Even after the revolution Javier had toncontinue supporting his family. Carlos his brother spent many a day in thenpub disenchanted with the results of the revolution and the lack of freedomnthe revolution brought. Javier being the rock of the family adapted withnthe times and still stuck to not talking about politics. However, not allnwas bad, with the revolution came social reforms such as education andnhealth care. Javier was able to go to school and even became an activenmember of the university Dance Club. Education was a great opportunity tonJavier, although he had to work even harder, since he had to go to schoolnduring the day and work at night. However, all this did not break Javier'sndetermination. Although Katie and Javier were separated, neither had forgotten the other.nIn the fleeting free minutes during the day and the seconds before sleepnovertook each of them, they thought about the other and in their dreamsnthey met and dreamt of being together. Keeping true to their word, Javiernkept a part of Katie in Cuba and Katie took a part of Javier with her.nAlthough each pined for the other, they lived in the present and focused onnwhat needed to be done. ---------------[Chapter 2] Good News As the end of Katie's third year came along, she received some surprisingngood news. Katie was invited to become a member of a renowned ForeignnExchange Troupe that the government funded as good will between nations andna method of culture exchange. The troupe was going to be traveling to andifferent country, not yet announced, and they were set to leave at thenbeginning of the summer and until the end of the fall/winter semester ofnsenior year. Katie's head swirled with excitement. With this one invitation, Katie hadnto change her plans. There was no way Katie was willing to give thisnopportunity up. This was a chance in a life time. She didn't know wherenshe was headed but she was thrilled by the opportunity and the honor ofnbeing chosen. All year Katie had been an intern at the Boston Globe. The only downsidenof joining the troupe was that she was probably going to have to lose thisnopportunity to stay with them during the summer and next semester. She hadnloved working there and the people she worked with loved her. The next day when Katie found the time to sit down with her boss at thenBoston Globe to break the news, she literally saw the dismay in her boss'sneyes. However, to her surprise, her boss said that they would miss her,nbut had no plans to let her go. Instead, they wanted her to take the timenabroad and write a feature on the program and the country that she wasngoing to. This idea thrilled Katie. Everything was working out betternthan planned and falling into place. Katie had shared the news with her family right after she found out. Suzienwas so happy for her. She knew how much it meant to Katie. Her parentsnwere ecstatic too. All of her family knew that although over the lastnthree years Katie had went on dates, it was done more for their benefit andnkeeping up appearances than for her own sake. They knew that Katie nevernhad that spark or fire as she did in Cuba when she talked about Javier.nSuzie being one of Katie's confidants knew it all too well. Although Katientried to forget and carry on, there was a part of Katie that stayed innCuba. They all hoped that this opportunity and new experience would helpnKatie with what she had been running from all these years. Their heartnwent out to her and as much as they wanted to help her, she always insistednthat she had moved on and was doing well. ---------------[Chapter 3] Destination Revealed The day finally came when the Foreign Exchange Troupe was revealing thendestination of the year. Katie was nervous when she entered the meeting.nIt had been a while since she last left the country and this time she wouldndo it with strangers. She knew that she would enjoy the experience andnmeet new friends with common interests, but she was anxious none the less. Everyone in the troupe nervously sat around and started to get to know eachnother. It was exciting and nerve racking but good to know that the wholenroom was in the same situation. Finally the meeting was called tonattention and the coordinators announced the destination. \"This year wenwill be heading to CUBA!!!\" \"Cuba?\" Katie's head whirled. \"How can this be?\" Katie thought. Shenstarted to hear alarms starting to ring in her head. \"What is thenprobability?\" Doubts started to creep into her mind about whether or notnshe should be going. Then she heard the coordinator say \"We chose Cuba,nbecause it is the perfect opportunity to try to create good will betweennour nations with the recent tensions. Also we were lucky enough to havenKatie Miller join our troupe, so that she can help our experience andnenhance our understanding and representation of our two cultures.\" Katienzoned out when the coordinated elaborated on Katie's background andnperformance history. Until the girl next to her, Jackie, nudged Katie andnKatie realized she was supposed to stand up and acknowledge everyone'snattention to her. Katie numbly stood up and smiled. Now there was no waynof getting out of the situation. She was stuck. Maybe it wouldn't be thatnbad after all, it had been a long time. For all she knew, he wasn't therenanymore or he was with someone else. At about the same time in Cuba, there was another similar meeting takingnplace. It was the meeting of the Dance Club at the University of Havananwhere Javier attended. Their supervisor gathered the group together andnannounced that they would be hosting a foreign exchange troupe from thenUnited States. Everyone was thrilled. Javier hearing the news didn't shownmuch emotion but smiled for the rest of the group. In his mind, Javierntold himself, \"What is the big deal. Sure, it would be fun for some Yanksnto come, but did it really matter, it is not like one of them would benKatie.\" Then before Javier could think more her scolded himself, \"Don'tneven think about it. It is wishful thinking. She is not coming. So don'tndream about it.\" Then Javier shook his head, refocused and participated innthe planning with the rest of the group. ---------------[Chapter 4] Return to Cuba Finally the day came for Katie's departure. It was Saturday. The plan was to arrive during the weekend so everyone could rest a day and have a fresh start Monday. Katie's family went with her to the airport to send her off. All of them had reservations in their minds but they all knew it was probably for the best. It would help Katie in the long run, it was better for her to deal with her emotions than to let it drag on. Katie had kept herself busy until the departure, wrapping up the semester, packing and getting ready for the trip and being away for so long. Although something kept nagging in Katie's mind, she never really had a moment to herself to think about it. Ever since the announcement of the troupe's destination, Katie was engulfed in the constant excitement and there seemed to be a buzz in the air. On the plane, when the troupe finally settled down, Katie was too tired and fell into an easy dreamless sleep. When Katie finally came to, the plane was on its final approach to Havana. The moment that Katie had dreaded finally came. Everyone around her was so happy that she told herself that she would make the most of the situation. How can she not be happy? She had an opportunity to return to a culture that she had learned to love so much and that became such an influence on her future and style. Meanwhile, in Havana, the University of Havana Dance Club was convening at the school dance studio and preparing to head to the airport. Every member of the Dance Club was supposed to go as part of the welcome group to see the American Troupe arriving today. Right before the group was about to head out, suddenly Rafael, Javier's nephew, came running into the room. \"Javi... Abuela (Grandmother) told me to get you. Papa got drunk and got into a fight. He got hurt and passed out.\" Javier hung his head and let out a frustrated sigh. Then he turned to his friends apologetically, they all nodded with understanding. Then seeing the angst in his nephew, he patted Rafael reassuringly on the shoulder and they started running out the door. Katie was torn. On the one hand, she almost wished she could just go find Javier. But on the other hand, she was afraid to be let down and hurt if he had forgotten about her. When the entire troupe got through immigrations and customs, they headed out to the arrival area where they would be greeted by their university hosts. When they got out, they saw posters saying \"Welcome to Cuba!\" Katie and the troupe were greeted by a bunch of energetic people all smiling warmly, coming up to them, shaking hands and exchanging introductions. Deep down Katie was a little disappointed, she secretly wished that fate would have it that Javier would be here to greet her. But this welcome was amazing and any disappointment quickly disappeared. ---------------[Chapter 5] University of Havana After everyone was finally organized, everyone jumped on to a bus and wasndriven to the University of Havana where the troupe would be spending theirnsummer and next semester. Everyone was chatting on the bus and getting tonknow each other. The atmosphere was full of happiness, joy and excitement. Finally someone from host group called for everyone's attention when theynstarted to approach the school. Everyone in the American Troupe becamenquiet and started staring at the impressive site. The campus was a grandnsite with its impressive, solid buildings. Everyone was whispering to eachnother and pointing out interesting sights. The bus slowed and came to a stop in front of the dormitory that the troupenwould be staying at. Each member was assigned a room and given their keys.n Everyone was told to quickly check out their rooms, drop off their luggagenand return so that they could be given a tour of the campus and go checknout the dance studios. Katie went quickly to her room. The room was clean and simple; it will bennice for the summer and coming semester. Katie was excited, it wasnaddictive. She knew that she would be happy and would make the most of hernsecond chance to return to Cuba. Katie went to wash her face and freshenednup and then headed back to the meeting point. The tour was helpful, the university campus was large and now everyone hadnat least a basic sense of direction. The final stop was the dance studios.n Everyone was waiting for the moment. The dance studios were made up ofnone main central room and then off the main room there were smaller rooms.nKatie's first impression was that the main room reminded her of La RosanNegra. Many a days she and Javier had spent there together practicing fornthe Dance Contest at The Palace. Javier would like this place. Thennsuddenly Katie was brought back with a nudge from Jackie one of her fellowntroupe members. Jackie whispered to Katie that she thought it was strangenthat there were no mirrors in the room. Only one of the smaller rooms hadnmirrors which were traditional to the dance studios they were familiar withnback home. Katie turned to Jackie and told her that Cuban dance is morenabout feeling the music than watching movements or replicating movements inna mirror. After everyone had a chance to roam and explore the dance studios. Jose,none of their host, gathered everyone and said, \"Who is ready to party?\"nEveryone whistled and howled. \"Let's start your visit with a bang. Whyndon't you all go to your rooms, rest and freshen up and then get ready tonparty all night!\" People were excited, the howling and whistlingncontinued. \"Tonight you will see some of Havana's best Cuban dancing.\"nKatie was excited, but for a second her breath caught and she held hernbreath. \"Let's meet at LA ROSA NEGRA.\" Katie returned to the dorms with everyone else. She didn't know what tonfeel or what to think. She didn't have time to clearly think. Everyonenaround her kept asking her questions about Havana and the place they werengoing. Finally, when Katie was able to escape into her room, she was sontired and confused all she did was unpack and fall on the bed. Next thingnshe heard was a knock on the door. \"Katie! Get up. We're leaving in halfnan hour.\" ---------------[Chapter 6] La Rosa Negra Katie got up. Washed her face and started to get dressed. Katie found andress that even Yolanda would not think was \"square.\" It was a tightnfitting halter dress that seemed to flatter all her best features and hidenall the ones she thought were less attractive. Suddenly when she wasnalmost ready, there came the first of a constant stream of knocks on thendoor. With each knock, came another girl wanting advice with what theynshould wear. Katie felt like she was seeing a fashion show, girls came innand out in different outfits, turning and spinning in front of her. Eachnvisitor complimented Katie, saying how great and sexy she looked. Eachntime Katie blushed. \"Why had she made such an effort to dress like this?nWas she still holding on to a sliver of hope...?\" Katie asked herself, ansecond before the next knock came from the door. Finally the knocksncalmed down and Katie finished getting ready. Katie looked at herself onenlast time in the mirror, before she headed out. When they finally made it to La Rosa Negra, Katie hesitated for a splitnsecond at the entrance and took a large breath. For a second, turningnaround and heading back to the dormitory sounded like a good idea. Katienwas not sure if she was ready for this. She didn't think she would bencoming here so soon. Before Katie could even finish her thoughts, Jackiengrabbed her under the arm and led her into the club, whispering intonKatie's ear how excited she was. The troupe was greeted by their Cubannhosts. \"We're so glad you made it. I hope it wasn't too hard to find.\" \"No worries, Jose. Katie has been here before and she showed us the way,\"nJackie beamed. Jose looked surprised and pleased. When Jose turned to Katie, she noddednand smiled back. Jose continued, \"Oh yeah. There was one member of the Dance Club that wasnnot able to go to the airport and welcome you guys today. He is one of ournbest dancers. I would like to introduce you to me...\" Katie zoned out when she heard in the background the first song that Javiernand her danced to starting to play. She remembered the first time she camento La Rosa Negra with James Phelps. Javier had asked her to dance, andnstill she remembered James' reaction when she actually accepted. That wasnthe night that Javier had walked her home and comforted her, because Jamesncouldn't keep his hands off. \"Let me introduce you all to Javier Suarez.\" Katie heard nothing but \"Javier Suarez.\" Was she dreaming? Had she heardnJose wrongly? Suddenly the world around Katie seemed to freeze. Javier appeared beforenher. Katie stood motionless. Without a word, Javier smiled and extendednout his hand. Katie instinctively took it. Javier led Katie out onto thendance floor. Their eyes were locked on each other and never parted.nEveryone watched them in surprise. Then they started to dance. It was amazing. The floor cleared for the two of them. The King and Queennof La Rosa Negra had returned. Everyone gave them room and watched as theyndanced. The world seemed to be just the two of them. Everyone could sensenhow much they wanted to be in each others arms. It felt so natural fornthem to be back together dancing, as if they were never parted. Javier andnKatie danced as one and the air sparked with passion and electricity. Itnwas magical. Javier and Katie were lost in each other. Neither said a word. They justnfelt the music and moved with the music. They let their movement and dancenexpress the feelings and emotion they felt to be together again. Javiernlead Katie and Katie fully let herself be led. Javier had waited so longnfor this moment. He would die a happy man if time froze with Katie in hisnarms. Both Javier and Katie were hungry for each other. They were allnover each other. Their dancing showed how much they missed each other.nSuddenly both of them felt complete. The part of them that was missingnfinally felt complete again. Katie missed being held by Javier, it felt sonright. After dancing for what seemed a lifetime, Katie and Javier were hot andnsweaty. They decided it was time to take a breather and get something tondrink. When they got back to the group, everyone was smiling at them.n\"You guys are great. That was awesome.\" \"Katie, I have never seen youndance like that before.\" They both smiled and chatted with everyone, nevernletting go of the other person's hand. People asked questions about themnand how they knew each other. Anyone could tell that was not the firstntime they danced together and definitely they relationship was not simplynfriends. They stayed so close to each other the whole time. Neither ofnthem could bear the lost of contact from the other. The night was getting late. Javier and Katie looked at each other, theynboth wanted time alone. They had so much to say and catch up on. Theynexcused themselves, saying good night to everyone. They told everyone thatnthey were going to call it an early night, since Katie was tired from thentrip. Everyone smiled at each other; they winked at each other knowing itnwas just an excuse. Even the blind could sense the sparks flying betweennthe two of them. ---------------[Chapter 7] Rekindling the flames The second Javier and Katie stepped out the door, Katie opened her mouth tonsay something, but it was stopped when Javier covered her mouth with hisnand pushed her against the wall and leaned in close to her. Javier hadnwaited all night to kiss her it almost hurt. Katie was in bliss. Theynsavored the taste of each other and explored each others mouth, as if tonsee if anything changed. Everything was the same. Nothing changed, it wasnlike before, heart stopping and intoxicating. Neither one of them wantednthe kiss to end. Finally, when they broke the kiss, it was only because they needed to comenup for breath. Javier tasted and smelled the same. Katie held him close,nand then ran a hand in his soft, wet tousled hair as she stared into hisnwarm brown eyes. She missed him so much her heart ached. Javier had angoofy smile on his face as if he was dreaming. Javier touched Katie's facenand explored it as if to make sure she was real. Was he dreaming and soonnhe would wake up disappointed as usual? If it was a dream, he was having answeet dream and he would enjoy it while it lasted. He trailed his handndown the soft skin of her arm and softly grabbed her hand and gave it angently tug. He gave her another quick kiss and pulled her to follow him.nThey started walking down the street hand in hand. \"Where should we go?\" Katie finally managed to say. Javier looked at hernand replied, \"I'll go anywhere with you, as long as I can stay with you.\"nKatie smiled and nuzzled closer to him and whispered in his ear teasingly,n\"Your place or mine?\" Katie winked with a twinkle in her eyes. \"We should spend some time together. I want you to see my family again,nbut tonight is about us. Can we be alone at your dormitory?\" \"Yes.\" Then they turned toward the direction of the university and strolled alongnchatting as they went. \"I missed you so much, it hurts.\" \"Me too.\" \"I kept you here and never let you go completely back to America.\" \"And Innever left you completely behind, you were always with me.\" Javier kissed her again and this time as they kissed, he lifted her andnspun her. They were both so happy, it felt euphoric. \"How is Suzie and your parents?\" \"They are well. Katie is as happy asnever, she can always find a way to be happy. My parents are great too.nThey even started dancing again. They go out and dance whenever they getnthe chance. I am so happy for them. My mother is so much happier now. Mynparents relationship is so much better now.\" Javier smiled, rememberingnthe film of her parents dancing. \"That is great to hear. They were perfectntogether. If they had stopped dancing, it would have been a shame.\" Hengave Katie's hand a gentle squeeze. \"How have you been? How is your family?\" Javier looked at her and replied with hesitation, \"They are well...\" Then henran a hand through his hair. Katie knew right way that he was keepingnsomething back. \"Tell me, Javier.\" Katie looked at him with concern andnwrapped her hands around his free hand to encourage him to speak freely. \"Every since the revolution, not all has been bad. But the revolution didnnot give us the freedom we expected. In ways, we have less freedom than wendid when Batista was ruling. Because of this, Carlos is frustrated and hasntaken to drink to numb his dissatisfaction. He spends his days in the barnand comes home drunk. I am busy now, going to school and working, that Inam not at home as much. I am especially worried for the future of Rafael.nMother on the other hand is worried for both Rafael and Carlos. It hasnbecome a great strain on her. I think that it is affecting her health.\"nJavier looked as if he had just gotten something heavy off his chest andnlet out a deep sigh. \"Don't worry, Javier. I know you are doing yournbest. We will work it out together. I am here for you now.\" He looked atnher and smiled. She gave him a hug of encouragement and kissed himntenderly on the cheek. By the time, they arrived at Katie's dorm both of them were so emotionalnthat they were exhausted. \"Stay with me tonight.\" \"I wasn't planning on leaving you.\" Katie smilednand led Javier to her room. Katie took a shower and freshened up. When she returned, Javier was dozingnon her chair looking at some pictures that she had brought of her family.nKatie picked up the photo album and kissed him. Her gentle kiss woke him.n\"Take a shower, you will feel better.\" Javier nodded and left the room. By the time Javier returned, Katie had fallen asleep. Javier turned offnthe lights and joined her in bed. Holding her felt so right, he missed hernso much. He kissed her gently and she nuzzled closer to him and burrowedncloser to his chest. She slept with a smile on her lips. Javier smilednhimself and fell asleep happy, hoping that this was not just another sweetndream. ---------------[Chapter 8] Together Again Next morning when Javier woke up, for a second he was lost and then ansudden fear came over him. For an instant, Javier didn't know where henwas. Then he relaxed a second, took a deep breath and thought about thenprevious night and a smile curled on his face. Then he realized he wasnalone in the bed. Was it all just a dream? Javier took another deepnbreath to relax and looked around, he thought he heard something.nListening more carefully, he heard Katie's voice coming from the closet andnout from the closet came a telephone cord that confirmed his findings. \"Suze, I found him again. I'm so happy.\" \"You think that Mom and Dad will be mad?\" \"You have to help me. I don't think I can bear to lose him again.\" Katie was talking to Suzie. Suzie was so happy for her. Katie's parentsnwere out, so it gave her a chance to talk to her sister alone first andntell her the news. Suzie promised to help her break the news to hernparents. Suzie however knew it would not be hard to convince. Over thenlast three years, her family had seen how Katie missed Javier. No matternhow brave and happy a face Katie put on for them, they knew Katie was notnthe same. Katie never spoke about her dates with the sparkle in her eyesnas she did when she used to talk about Javier. \"Thanks, Suz. I'll call back later and talk to Mom and Dad. Bye.\" Katie popped her head out of the closet door and found Javier looking atnher. Katie came out of the closet and Javier was sitting on her bednwaiting for her. She came over to him and jumped onto the bed and into hisnarms and they rolled around and kissed each other. Again, their kissesnleft both of them breathless. \"I told Suzie, that we got back together again.\" Javier smiled and nuzzledncloser into Katie's neck. He knew he was home. Katie mentioned she was a little worried about what her parents would thinknwhen they found out about them, but Javier comforted her, saying that theynwould deal with it together. \"Will your family be worried? You didn't go home last night.\" \"Don't worry. I called my mother last night. She knows. She also told mento take you home for dinner tonight. Will you come?\" \"Of course.\" Then Javier grabbed Katie even closer and kissed her hungrily. It felt songreat to be together again. How they ever survived apart was a mystery tonthem both. It seemed like an eternity since both of them felt so happy andncomplete. When Javier and Katie were finally able to drag themselves out, they wentnto all the places they used to spend together and reminisced their timesntogether. But they didn't just stay in the past. They talked about theirnlives in the last three years, what had changed and what plans and futurenthey had in their minds. They shared everything. Both of them had so manynquestions for the other, it was like they didn't want to miss out onnanything that happened to the other person in the time they were apart.nThey were making up for lost time. Both knew now that they had reunitednwith each other, their plans would change. Their new plans now center onnstaying together. They would support each other going forward and \"worknthrough the knots\". Javier found out that Katie had switched to solo or group dancing. Katiennever found another partner that could fill Javier's shoes. Knowing he wasnnot replaced made Javier feel happy. He had always wanted her to continuendancing, but the idea of her in another man's arms secretly killed him.nShe however had continued dancing just in another form. However, now henintended on changing that. He planned to make her return to pair dancingnwith him. He felt so warm that she also worked to spread Afro-Cubanndancing in the United States. He knew she never forgot him. She told himnon how dancing with him had changed her dancing and how she integrated itnwith her own style. Every time she danced she thought of him. He also loved that she had followed her dreams of going to University.nWhen she was last here in Cuba before the revolution, they had talked aboutnher staying in Cuba for him and giving up attending University. At thentime, he felt she was giving up her dreams for him and he was torn. Butnnow it had all worked out. She didn't give up that dream and she didnattend University. She didn't give up anything. Katie on the other hand was ecstatic to hear that Javier was now going tonschool. She thought this was a great opportunity for him. He was enjoyingnschool and felt he was learning a lot and that schooling would help him innthe future to better support his family. He also shared with her that henwas getting tired, but he said that it was only temporary and that he wasnyoung and didn't mind. Katie was worried that he was working too hard withnthe combination school and working to support the family. Maybe she couldnhelp him now that she was here. She also found out more about the family situation that Javier mentionednthe previous night and looked forward to seeing his family again. Henmentioned more about how Carlos was not happy, how that day when shenarrived he was supposed to be part of the welcome group, but Carlos hadngotten drunk and into a brawl. He told her how Rafael was growing up andneven after the revolution, Carlos was not much of a father to him. Javiernhad tried to help Rafael and be a male role model but it was getting hardernwith his busy schedule. Finally, his biggest worry was his mother.nJavier's mother was so busy and stressed about Carlos and Rafael, Javiernwas seeing a decline in her health and she seemed to be depressed. Shenkept saying that she was fine, but he knew better. His mother lost weightnand she was getting headaches all the time. He also on occasion caught herncrying in the middle of the night, especially when something happened tonRafael or Carlos. It didn't help also that they were starting to hearnrumors that the government might take away their authority of their ownnchildren. Katie's heart went out to Javier, her life seemed so easy these last threenyears compared to his. Throughout their talking she held his hand tonsupport him. Javier was so brave and dependable. Now that she was here,nthey would face their problems together. Katie, however, was glad to hearnthat although life had been harder for him, he didn't give up and was asndetermined as before. He also was able to keep with dancing as she had andnit seemed be his stress reliever and was able to keep him balanced. Javiernwas no longer conflicted as before, he was truly making a difference and henknew it. ---------------[Chapter 9] ThenSuarez's Whennthe sun began to set, Katie and Javier were hanging out on the beach.n Finally Javier got up and extended a hand to Katie. Katie put hernhand in his and gave him a loving squeeze. Javier pulled her up andnshe flew into his arms. Javier spun Katie around and when they werenboth all smiles and laughter, he gently let her down. It was greatnto be able to touch and hold her all the time now. \"We should headnhome. My family will be expecting us back for dinner.\" Katienwas looking forward to seeing Mrs. Suarez. However, the as theynwalked back she started to feel a little anxious. She started tonwonder what his family would think now that situations werendifferent. Would they blame her for leaving and breaking Javier'snheart? But she missed them. She wanted to see how everyone was andnsee how Chabe and Rafael had grown and changed. When they firstnarrived, it was a little awkward, but Mrs. Suarez welcomed Katie,ndespite the scowling of Carlos. Dinner was fun and lively; everyonenwas eating merrily and chatting in Spanish. Javier worried thatnKatie was being left out, but actually Katie understood quite bit ofnwhat was being said since she was now much more fluent in Spanish. nHer studious studying of Spanish in the last three years was payingnoff. Secretly, she knew this situation had been the true reason shenhad been so interested in Spanish. For Javier and his family. Shenwas just enjoying soaking in everything. Finally when Katie chimednin, she surprised everyone by speaking semi-fluent Spanish to thenkids and Javier's grandfather. Under the table, Javier squeezednher thigh and Katie looked at Javier winked and smiled. The childrennloved Katie and so did Grandpa and Mrs. Suarez. The only person whondidn't seem thrilled was Carlos. Afterndinner, Rafael dragged Katie to his room. He was excited and wantednto show her something. Katie allowed herself to be dragged andnfollowed Rafael and only briefly turned to smile at Javier, who wasnstill sitting at the table watching her. He looked so content andnhappy. Javier was thrilled that this dinner was turning out betternthan what he could ever have expected. However, Rafael's instantnconnection to Katie only made Carlos scowl more. His own son,nRafael, was betraying him. It was not that Carlos ever really hatednKatie, he was just bitter. Itnwas getting late. Finally in Rafael's room, Katie saw that henwanted to show her a book. The book he had was written in Englishnand it was entitled, \"Family Swiss Robinson.\" Rafael let out anyawn and tried to hide it. \"You should get ready for bed and I'llnread to you.\" Rafael smiled and nodded. He ran out of the room. nWhen Rafael returned, he was clean and in his pajamas. He jumpedninto bed and Katie tucked the light coverlet over him. They shenstarted to read to him. Before the end of chapter was finished,nRafael had fallen asleep. Katie gently tucked him in once more,nsmoothed his stray hairs from his face and went to turn the lightsnoff. When she turned around she saw Javier holding a sleeping Chabenstanding there smiling at her. Javier placed Chabe into her bed andntucked her in. Katie turned off the light and extended her hand tonJavier to lead him back to the living room. He took her hand andngave it a gentle squeeze, then pulled it to his mouth and kissed hernopen palm. WhennKatie and Javier returned to the rest of the family, Mrs. Suarez wasnclearing off the dishes and getting ready to clean the dishes. nCarlos had left, probably to the pub. Katie yanked gently atnJavier's arm at the direction of his mom and he nodded. Theynjoined Mrs. Suarez and convinced her to sit as they did the cleaning.n Katie and Javier worked in unison. As Mrs. Suarez watched on, shenfelt relaxed. She chatted with the pair and heard about how they metnagain and all about Katie in the last few years. She was so pleasednto see Javier so happy again. It had been quite a while. When Katienlast left, Javier was broken hearted, but he knew that his familyndepended on him, so he could not just let his broken heart drag himndown. She was so proud of him. Javier truly was the rock of thenfamily. Although Javier at times thought his father would have beennashamed because of his lack of involvement in politics, she knew thatnhis father would have been proud of him. Without Javier, the familynwould never have survived. Afterndinner, Katie hugged and kissed Mrs. Suarez, thanking her for anwonderful dinner. Mrs. Suarez gave her a great big hug and kissnback. \"You must come back often. You are always welcome.\" nKatie felt great. Coming to Cuba was not a mistake. Javier kissednhis mother on her cheek and whispered something in her ear, whichnmade her smirk at him and point her finger at him. Javiernleft with Katie and walked her back to her dormitory. \"Whatndid you say to your mom?\" \"Nothing.\" \"Comenon.\" \"Ok,nI just told her not to worry about me, that I might not come homentonight.\" Javier smiled and winked at Katie. Katie made annexpression that teased – Don't you wish . They bothnlaughed. Javier made to grab for Katie, but she escaped from him andnthen he chased her. When he finally caught her, he grabbed her andnpulled her close to him. When she made to complain, he kissed hernwith a devastating effect. Javier finally let her go and looked atnher and quirked his eyebrow as retaliation to her little rebelliousnact before. She giggled. Theynwalked back hand in hand with silly smiles on their faces. \"Whyndidn't you tell me?\" \"Tellnyou?\" \"Younlearned Spanish.\" \"Inwanted to surprise you.\" Javiernsmiled at Katie. He felt special. He knew that she had done it fornhim, even when they were apart and she wasn't sure if she wouldnever see him again. She still thought of him, she never forgot him. Theynfinally arrived at Katie's dormitory. That night Javier didn't gonhome. ---------------[Chapter 10] SmoothnSailing Overnthe next few months, Javier and Katie spent a lot of time together. nFriends started joking that they seemed like an old married couple. nEverything they did was in unison, just like the way they danced. Atnschool, they ate, studied and danced together. Without effort theynwere able to so things in synch. Eating meals, they picked at eachnothers plates, knowing what they other liked or disliked. Duringnstudy sessions, they knew exactly when they need breaks and when thenother was stuck and having problems. Their dancing was improvingnevery day. At first it had been weird for Katie to return to pairndancing, but dancing with Javier was effortless. ThenDance Club announced that there would be a talent show at the WinternGala. This year it would be a bigger deal since some importantnpolitical figures were attending, because of the cultural exchange. nJavier and Katie were responsible for showing the teamwork betweennthe two cultures and the ability of the two cultures to workntogether. They were to perform a piece dance together. This wasngreat for Javier and Katie, they didn't mind at all, more of annexcuse to spend more alone time together. Atnnight, Katie started to help out at the Suarez's. She spent a lotnof time with the family and especially with Mrs. Suarez. Javier usednto have to baby sit and work, but now with Katie here and the factnthat the children had taken such a liking to her, Katie took overnbabysitting. With Katie babysitting and helping out at home, Javiernwas given more time to rest and concentrate on school work. Mrs.nSuarez seemed to be better too. She was still worried about Carlos. nBut she seemed a little less stressed about Rafael. Rafael wasnbecoming very close to Katie. Rafael was improving in school. Katienwas helping him with homework and studying. He also seemed happier. nMrs. Suarez then realized that maybe he was just lacking attention. nBefore she and Javier was so busy that no one could give him thatnmuch time, but now Katie was here and she was always there for him. nWhenever Rafael had a problem and both she and Javier were busy, hencould go to Katie and she was there always willing to listen andnhelp. Katie and Rafael had a great relationship and both hadnbenefits. Katie was improving her Spanish, because she wouldnpractice with Rafael, while Rafael's English was improving becausenthey spoke and she read to him all the time. Besidesnhelping with babysitting, Katie also spent a lot of time at Javier'snhelping his mother around the house. Whenever Mrs. Suarez was notnfeeling as well, Katie would pitch in more and help her so she couldnrest. Mrs. Suarez's health was getting better and everyone couldntell. Javier was so in love with Katie. Not only did she love him,nhe could see that she was starting to love her family as well and hernfamily loved her. Soon she would be another member of his family. nHe could not have asked for a better situation. However,nthis was real life, and still Javier and Katie did have fights andnneeded room from the family. But luckily that was not a problem. nWhenever the couple felt suffocated they would escape to Katie'sndorm and there they could be quiet together or just spend qualityntime together. Everythingnwas working out better than planned. Even Katie's family was not anproblem. Her parents didn't give Katie any grief about themngetting together, instead they actually sounded pleased. Her familynwas relieved to finally hear Katie actually sounding happy. Katienseemed like she was reborn. She had energy in her voice that hadndisappeared after she left Cuba. Katie also felt like she was makingna difference and really helping Javier. Last time, she was in Cuba,nshe stood up for what she believed and befriended Javier, but thisntime she was really there for him and helping him. Javier himselfnseemed happier and he didn't seem tired all the time as when he didnwhen she first saw him again. To make an honest effort to show theirnacceptance of Javier, Mr. and Mrs. Miller would even on occasions asknto talk to Javier on the phone, so they could find out how he was andnwhat was going on with him. Everythingnwas working out. It was smooth sailing. Would this last though? nAlthough neither Katie nor Javier wanted to deal with it yet, in thenback of their minds they knew they would have to deal with thenreality and their future as a couple, especially as Katie'sndeparture date drew closer.[Chapter 11] Suspicions and Rumors One day Katie was at the Suarez's babysitting Chabe and Rafael, Mrs. Suarez returned home from church visibly agitated. She was not her usual calm self, the way she normally was when she returned from church. Church usually had a way of lightening Mrs. Suarez's spirit, but today it had the total opposite affect. Mrs. Suarez seemed to be on edge. First, she entered the living room and seeing that Rafael and Chabe seemed to be making a mess, although they were doing an art project, Mrs. Suarez yelled at them. They were both taken aback and both turned to Katie confused, who in turn looked at them with a comforting smile and then turned to explain to Mrs. Suarez. Upon seeing that Katie seemed to have a reason for what the children were doing, she quickly grabbed the children in a smashing hug. She seemed like she was on the verge of tears, hugging and kissing each child asking for forgiveness for yelling at them. Katie was worried. Mrs. Suarez had never acted this way before. Her mood seemed very unstable. Quickly after a brief moment of hugging, Katie told the children that Mrs. Suarez needed them to continue working so they could finish on time to clean up and get ready for dinner. So she had them return to their work with the ease of mind that their mother just made an honest mistake and they should try to finish what they were doing so they had to be good and just finish what they were working on. Once Katie saw that the children were studiously concentrating on their work and didn't seem to pick up on Mrs. Suarez's state, she grabbed Mrs. Suarez's hand and patted it gently and led her to her bedroom. \"Are you all right? Something seems to be bothering you.\" \"I'm sorry. I acted irrationally. I hope the children are not too upset.\" \"Don't worry. They are fine. I will just mention to them later that you were tired from the long day.\" Katie led Mrs. Suarez to her bed and they both sat down together facing each other. Soon Mrs. Suarez's face dropped and she blankly stared at they clasped hands. \"What is it that is bothering you? It will be easier if you share your burden. You can trust me.\" \"Katie, it is not that I don't trust you. I just heard some distressing news and it worries me. I don't know what to think of it.\" With this Katie, felt a tear fall on her hand. Mrs. Suarez was obviously distraught. In her mind, Katie wanted to run out and call for Javier to return home, but she knew that would take too long. So instead Katie gave Mrs. Suarez a comforting, supportive hug. Then she released Mrs. Suarez and they once again looked at each other. Katie gave her a sympathetic, encouraging smile. \"Tell me. Maybe I can help you. If I cannot, at least I can help you think it through and we can work it out together. Whatever you are worried about, you shouldn't do it on your own.\" Mrs. Suarez nodded slowly and took a breath to compose herself and her thoughts. \"There is word going around at church that the government is thinking of taking over the control of the children. Children are going to be taken away from their parents. I don't know what to think. I am so confused and scared.\" Katie was alarmed by the news, but she knew she could not show or act so, when Mrs. Suarez was already in her state. Katie needed a level mind to ask and think calmly. \"Relax, Mrs. Suarez. It will be ok. Tell me who you heard this from and where the information came from.\" \"I don't know from where the information came, it is just the word that has been passed around among the parents. I don't want to lose my children.\" \"Do you know why the government would want to take the children?\" \"I'm not sure, but something was mentioned about teaching them the ways of Castro. How can this happen?\" Mrs. Suarez was getting distressed. Katie knew that dinner was approaching and she didn't want the children to find out there was anything wrong. \"Shh, it will be ok. Let me talk to Javier and we will go find out what information we can regarding this issue. We will work it out and everything will work at the end. Don't upset yourself when you don't know anything for sure, it could just be a rumor. Why don't you go to the bathroom and clean up a little. We don't want the children to suspect anything is wrong.\" Mrs. Suarez nodded and took a breath and seemed to try to relax. She saw the logic in Katie's words, she couldn't worry the children and they need more information. \"You are right. We need to find out more. I will also talk to Carlos tonight, if I get the chance after the children go to bed.\" \"Don't worry. Nothing will happen yet. Javier and I will look into it.\" \"I will freshen up and get ready for dinner. Thank you.\" The two women embraced one last time, before Mrs. Suarez stood to go to the bathroom and Katie left the bedroom toward the living room. This was not good news, but Katie would not let on to the children there is anything wrong. With that thought, Katie took a deep breath and rejoined the children. She would discuss it with Javier tonight. That night dinner seemed the usual affair. The children were happily eating and chatting with the family around them. Javier had come home for dinner, happy to see Katie, but although she was smiling and playing with the children, he sensed she was not totally herself. It nagged at Javier, something seemed wrong with Katie. He would have to find out later. After dinner, Katie and Mrs. Suarez cleared the dishes and Javier watched over the children. Somehow, even Carlos too sensed or knew something was wrong. Carlos, unlike his usual self, actually stayed home after dinner and watched Javier playing with the children. Unused to seeing his father staying home, Rafael went to Carlos to show him the art project that he and Chabe worked on today. Carlos smiled somberly and praised his son's work. Then he gave him a great big bear hug, but before it became strange, Carlos started to tickle Rafael. Rafael's laughter could be heard throughout the house. In the kitchen, the laughter was heard and Mrs. Suarez looked at Katie. In return, Katie gave her a smile and an encouraging squeeze of the hand. ---------------[Chapter 12] WorkingnTogether Afterndinner that night Javier left with Katie. He was set on finding outnwhat was bothering her. She had seemed her happy self all night, butnyet he sensed it was not real or it was just a brave face. Theynhugged and kissed everyone good night and headed out hand in hand. Oncenthe two turned the corner from the house, Javier nudged Katie'snhand to get her attention. Katie turned to Javier with concernnwritten all over her face. Her happy brave face had totallyndisappeared. He had been right, something was bothering her. nBefore, Javier could say something to find out what was wrong, Katieninterrupted. \"Wenneed to talk.\" Katie's voice was grave. \"Insensed all night that you were hiding something that was upsettingnyou. What is wrong? What is bothering you?\" Javier'snmind worked overtime coming up with all the things he could have donenwrong and all the possible reasons she could be upset. He had heardnit was never good news when a female opened with those words. Katienknew Javier too well. She knew exactly how his mind worked. Quicklynshe comforted him, squashing the first thoughts that came through hisnmind. \"Itnis nothing that has to do with us. I am totally happy with you andnyour family. I love you. I always will.\" Withnthis Katie leaned in and gently kissed Javier. He seemed to relax anlittle with her comforting words. Javier turned at Katie, lookingnover her face, waiting for her to speak. \"It'sna serious matter that concerns the children. We need to find out asnmuch information as we can, as soon as possible.\" \"Whatnis it?\" Javier asked with hesitation. Concern crept into Javier'snvoice. \"Yournmother has heard rumors that Castro's government has plans to takenthe children away from their families.\" \"What?\" \"Shenheard from church, that the government has these plans because theynthink it will help them to teach their ideals to the children. Wenmust look into the issue. See if there is any truth in the matternand if there is we can figure out our options and come up with anplan.\" \"Inwill start asking around quietly and see what people are saying aboutnthis rumor. I will also see if I can find out where the informationnis coming from. You think you can ask around too? See if at thenconsulate, your government has any information.\" \"Yes,nI will ask around too. I will find out all I can.\" Javiernnodded and seemed to retreat into all the turmoil that was startingnto boil up in his mind. Katie squeezed his hand. \"Don'tnbe too concerned right now. It could all just be rumors. But nonmatter what happens we will solve it together.\" Javiernlooked at her and pulled her towards him and embraced her. He buriednhis face in her golden hair and took in her fresh scent. How henloved her. He felt so whole with her. Everything seemed a littleneasier with her around. Then suddenly a concerning thought came tonmind. What of his mother? SensingnJavier tense, Katie looked up at him to find out what was wrong. \"Hownis my mother?\" \"Shenis very concerned and very agitated. I tried my best to comfort her.n I told her that we will look into the matter.\" \"I'mnworried about her.\" \"Inknow, but she is strong. I told her the same things I told you. Inthink even Carlos sensed there was something wrong. I think that isnwhy he stayed home. I think right now our best plan is to find outnmore information. Then we will know what we are truly up against, ifnanything.\" \"You'renright, but it is hard not to worry.\" \"Inknow. I totally understand. But we need to stay focused and not letnourselves lose sight of our immediate goals. We can't letnourselves be swallowed up in worry.\" Javiernnodded and tenderly kissed Katie. With that, the two somberly walkednback to the dorm together heavy with thoughts and plans. ---------------[Chapter 13] Carlos comes to Meanwhile at home, a similar conversation was taking place. The children were put to bed and Carlos stayed home. Carlos hardly ever stayed home, but tonight was different. He had felt there was something wrong. He had never sensed so much agitation and concern in his mother. His mother was an understanding woman and the rock of the family. Through everything that happened she had always remained strong, she didn't get distressed easily. Every time she was distressed, she had a good reason. He had to find out what was the matter. Carlos had sat soberly in his chair as his mother checked on the children and finished up cleaning the house. When all the immediate chores seemed to be done, Mrs. Suarez returned to the living room. She seemed a little lost, she wandered around as if trying to look for something to clean or do. The phone rings. \"I'll get it'\" Carlos yelled out. \"Hola. It's Carlos. What's up, Miguel?\" \"What? Really? Where and when did you hear this? Are you sure?\" Carlos' voice sounded hesitant. \"We'll have to look into this. I'll see what my sources say. Tell me if you find out anything more.\" \"Thanks, Man, for keeping me informed.\" When Carlos hung up the phone and looked up, his mom was leaning against the wall looking at him. Carlos got up and went to his mother. He grabbed her had and lead her to the coach. \"Momma, sit down. Let's talk.\" Mrs. Suarez seems uncertain but not knowing what else to do she sat down where her son had placed her on the coach. She looked at him and put on a brave smile. It had been a while since he last stayed home. It was nice to have him around. It brought her comfort despite her current frame of mind. \"What did Miguel call and say?\" \"No, tell me what is bothering you first.\" \"It might be the same thing that Miguel just told you.\" \"Tell me, Momma.\" Carlos got up and went to the liquor cabinet and poured a small glass of liqueur. Carlos thought a little liqueur would relax his mother and make it easier to talk about what was on her mind. He was about to pour a second for himself, when he decided not to. This was a serious matter and to show his support and attention he would not drink. He was getting the edge off her not himself. He knew all night there was something wrong; his mother was never like this. \"Momma, drink this. It will help you relax.\" \"Carlos…\" \"Please Momma, this is your favorite. You used to drink this all the time. I'm not getting you drunk, you can enjoy this and it might help you relax a little. You have been distracted all night.\" Mrs. Suarez looked at Carlos and gave in. Mrs. Suarez accepted the glass and nodded. Mrs. Suarez sipped the small glass of liqueur. It was sweet and easy to drink. It had been a while since the last time she sat down to enjoy it after dinner, although she felt relaxed this time she couldn't totally enjoy the liqueur. Finally, Carlos seeing that his mother seemed to have relaxed a little. He relaxed himself and spoke. \"Momma, tell me what's wrong.\" \"I went to church today and heard a grave rumor that distresses me.\" \"What did you hear?\" \"I heard that the government has come up with plans to take the children away and that these plans will soon become state law. I think they want to re-teach their ideals to the children.\" \"It might just be a rumor.\" \"This is how the revolution started. There were just rumors, like these. Look what happened.\" \"I'm not saying I don't believe them and that they are non-sense. I have learned enough about this government to know that they would easily be capable of something like this. What I am saying is we need to find out more. We shouldn't jump to any conclusions or get overly distressed, when we don't know what we are getting distressed over. It just will not help. Also we can't let this affect the family.\" Carlos grasped his mother's hands as they held the small glass. He squeezed her hands and she looked up at him. \"You don't seem surprised. Did Miguel call to tell you the same?\" Carlos hesitated. \"Yes, but he like you have nothing confirmed.\" \"What will we do?\" \"First, I'm going to see what I can find out. No one seems to know for certain, what this is about or where this came from. Then once we know what the situation, we can decide what to do as a family.\" \"But the children…\" \"We have to be strong for them. We can't worry them.\" \"Ok. Promise to tell me what you find out.\" \"Of course. I love you and I love our family. I know I have not been the ideal son, but I am going to be here for this family and will do what I can.\" Mrs. Suarez closed her eyes and nodded. A single tear rolled down her cheek. \"Don't cry Momma.\" \"Work with Javier. By now, he will know as well.\" \"Yes, I will talk with him and Katie as well. Watching him watch Katie tonight, I could tell she knew something. He sensed it from her.\" \"Do not blame me for telling her. I had been mistakenly upset with the children today and she sensed something was wrong. I told her. She is a good woman. He loves her and she loves him.\" \"Yes, I know. It was hard for me at first to accept her, but I do now. She is part of Javier, when she left I saw that. Katie is good for him and he has been so good to our family. She is part of us now. She loves and cares for us all as she does him. Even I can see and admit to that. I once just thought of her as rich Capitalistic American, but she has proven herself otherwise. I was wrong in the past and too quick to judge.\" Mrs. Suarez looked up at her eldest son and smiled. \"Don't worry yourself too much tonight, Momma. Let us find out more first. From then from there we can figure out what to do.\" \"Ok…\" \"Get some rest Momma. You are tired.\" Mrs. Suarez gets up and Carlos kisses her hands. \"Thank you, Carlos.\" ---------------[Chapter 14] Fears Confirmed That night no one slept soundly. As much as everyone wanted to hope that it was just a rumor, there was a shadow of fear that haunted their sleep and thoughts. In their own ways, everyone looked for the little comfort and unspoken reassurance they could find. The next morning finally came. Everyone seemed to get up early. At home, Mrs. Suarez woke up early and cooked the children their favorite breakfast. Rafael and Chabe assumed this was her way of making up for yelling at them yesterday and they ate happily. Carlos had stayed in last night and for the first time in while ate breakfast with the family. Rafael seemed surprised to see his father but welcomed the change, as Carlos seemed to take an interest in him asking about his homework and grades. Rafael like all children hated homework but for the first time he didn't sulk, but instead eagerly showed Carlos his homework and showed off his test scores. Rafael wanted his father's love and attention and this morning he got it. The children finished up and helped Mrs. Suarez clear the dishes. Once the children were ready, they left to school while Mrs. Suarez watched them until they disappeared from her sight. At the university, Javier and Katie had gotten ready early. By now, Javier and Katie's morning routines were in sync, but somehow there was something in the air this morning. Their routine seemed to be especially efficient, so that they were ready faster than normal and had time to review their plans from the previous night. Javier was going to meet his friends and neighbors and see if anyone has heard more information about the rumors. Katie was going to call and meet with her newspaper contacts to see if they had any inside information or get some numbers to some informants that might be able to shed some light. The two of them were of one heart and mind, working to a common goal. They left the dorm that day with plans to work in parallel to using all the approaches available to them. Before they parted ways, Katie placed her hand on his chest over his heart, while he covered her hand with his. They exchanged a smile and a final look and nodded in unison. Carlos and Mrs. Suarez left the house together and parted ways with a kiss and hug. The morning seemed crisp and silent as everyone's mind was everywhere else thinking of ways to get to the bottom of the rumors. The day was a frenzy of activity. Each one of them went through the day determined to find out information. It seemed all the locals were buzzing with the rumors of the government's plans. Mrs. Suarez went to work and talked to her coworkers. It seemed that not everyone knew about the rumors, that the rumors were more around the community areas. At church, worshippers pray together and talk to church leaders to see if there is any religious action is possible. Carlos confirms from insider sources. Underground resistant groups report that someone from the inside of the government saw a draft of the plans. The plan was currently being finalized and they have already started to plot out the effort and strategize about how to gather and where to place the children. The plan was to go into effect in the beginning of the year. The resistance group was starting to think and discuss options to escape and hide their children from the government. Also there were discussions of rebelling or fighting back. Javier talked to his fellow co-workers and confirmed that dormitory and school supplies have been transported to empty buildings that are being outfitted like schools. At school, there were rumors that the government is looking to hire teachers, but that there it involved a strict training and examination process for the positions. Rumor also said that the government was also going to be doing background check on anyone participating to make sure that the candidates fit the profile that they were hiring for. Katie found out from her newspaper informant that the US was aware of all US Citizens in Cuba and planned to make sure no matter what happened its citizens and their families were going to be kept safe. The US was monitoring Cuba with a close eye and had an evacuation procedure in place if necessary. Informants also confirmed that they heard the same rumor and that the plans are supposed to go into place at the end of the winter. US government is also evaluating the situation and discussing the democratic and human rights implications. The US government was considering actions to help the people of Cuba. That night at dinner the family discussed all the information that they had found. Although no one resource could confirm 100 the details of the plan, all the information that was gathered seemed to add up to one consistent story that plans were in the works and that the end of the year was targeted date of action. Dinner was a sober affair. The future was the next question. What was going to happen and what should they do?[Chapter 15] Limbo Shifting Everyone kept going, despite the information. The family continued their lives and made the most of what they could. Although everyone still kept their worries of the plan in the back of their minds. On the surface, nothing had changed, but Carlos. Carlos started staying at home more and helped with Mrs. Suarez. He spent more time with Rafael and Chab, he did so without making them think something was wrong. The children were happy and enjoyed their time with their father. Although the children wondered what had caused the change in their father, their questioning was only fleeting as they welcomed the change. They received the attention and love they craved. Carlos wanted to teach the children as much as he could to prepare them for whatever may come. He spent more time with them going out and teaching them about the world. All the while, Carlos stayed in tune with any information or news regarding the government's plans. Javier and Katie started to get busy with school. They threw themselves into practicing for the Winter Gala performance. The talent show was getting a lot of media and top officials were supposed to be appearing for the last night. The two dance troupes were really bonding and their skills were really improving with the exchange program. Javier and Kate were really inspirational to them and acted as great mentors and examples. While they were dancing, the world seemed to stand still and Javier and Kate could momentarily get away from their fears and worries both regarding how long their time together would last as well as the fate of the family. But they basked in each other's company and danced like each time was their last time together. Besides school and dancing, Javier was busy with work, while Katie started working on her feature for the newspaper at home. Katie figured with the connections she gained through the feature, she would also be able to stay on top of any movement made by the Cuban government regarding national education reform. Hopefully she will be in the know and the extra time would help them react as necessary. Katie used her resources well and kept her ears open no matter her situation or surroundings. One day when she was at the US Embassy to interview the US Cultural ambassador, Mr. Ryan Alveraz, the building seemed to be buzzing and everyone seemed to be extra busy. \"Mr. Alveraz, is everything ok? The embassy seems to be in a stir today.\" \"I'm sorry, Miss Katie. Can we reschedule our interview?\" \"Sure, but is something wrong? What happened?\" \"Travel Alerts are being issued by the Department of State.\" \"So sudden?\" \"I can't say too much but it's all hands on deck right now. We need to take necessary actions to ensure our citizens' safety.\" \"Is it that serious?\" \"This alert might affect your troupe as well. There is a change we will need to send you back earlier than planned, as early as right after the gala performance. But right now we need to start contacting and locating all our citizens and their family members to begin procedures and get paperwork in order.\" \"What happens if paperwork is not in order in this short time?\" \"I'll be ok. The State Department is thinking of loosening visa requirements to make sure we can act fast without too much red tape. Right now, safety and being nibble to react is priority. Paperwork can always be worked out. Is everything ok?\" \"Yes. I just suddenly had couldn't remember where my papers were, although I'm sure I will find them.\" \"Do not worry, we will not abandon you in danger. Sorry. I must go.\"[Chapter 16] Rumors were buzzing all around the US embassy and Katie made sure to hear everything and find out as much as she could from her sources. She heard that US Citizens and their families would be evacuated by the end of the year and the US was planning to take actions against Cuban. The fear was that the political actions planned would lead to repercussions of citizens being harmed, so evacuation was a top priority. Katie left the embassy with her head reeling with anxiety and full of questions. Suddenly she was facing the realities of being separated a second time with Javier. What was she going to do? Going back to her lonely life seemed to be looming over her. She could stay despite the government warnings but that would potentially bring great hurt and anxiety to her family. But was that her only option to stay with Javier. Katie went back to the dorms feeling numb and trapped. In desperate, Katie questioned the point of seeing Javier again only to be torn about again? She needed talk to Javier. When she got to the reception desk, there was a message for her from Javier. He had to take an extra shift at work, so he couldn't come over tonight but would see her in the morning. Was this a sign? Was this their fate? When she finally made it to her room, she closed the door, collapsed against it and started to cry. She thought her heart was starting splinter and about to break. Was the dream starting to turn into a nightmare? Was fate just mocking her? She felt like she was drowning, then her phone rang. It was Suze. Katie took a breath to calm down enough to gain some semblance of composure. She tried to hide her anxiety from Suze. However, as much as Katie tried to hide it, Suze could hear something wrong in her voice. Suze tried to distract Katie talking about mundane things like what the family had done and the boys she had met. Trying to lighten the tension. Finally when Katie seemed to be a little better, Suze questioned Katie with some hesitation. \"Katie… I can tell something is wrong. Do you want to tell me about it?\" There was a long pause. Katie took a breath and slowly exhaled. \"I was at the embassy today. There are rumors that the government is going to evacuate our citizens very soon. Perhaps right after the winter gala.\" With a very quiet voice, Katie spoke out loud her confusion that was bubbling up, \"I don't know what to do. I can't be separated from him again.\" Instinctively Suze blurted, \"You can't stay there though.\" \"Suze… What else can I do?\" \"There has to be another way. Mom and dad... Even though they are happy for you now, I can tell they are still worried and will be until you return. Everyday they are watching and reading the news just to see if anything new happened. If you stay… it won't be easy to come back after the evacuation. It won't be safe there.\" \"I know, Suze… I'm not saying that is what I will do, but it is an option. It doesn't seem real, I need to think about it.\" \"It's just that… I can't go through losing him again. There would be no meaning going back without him.\" \"But...\" \"I know …\" Suze huffed suddenly. \"Well nothing is for sure.\" \"Yes. But it doesn't look good. I need to be prepared.\" \"Think about carefully and slowly. I know this is stressful but it's time to keep your head on your shoulders. Tell me again. What exactly did you hear at the embassy?\" Katie recapped trying to recall everything she saw and heard with as much detail as she could recall. \"Would Javier be eligible for asylum? Or can we get him out another way?\" \"I don't know. I doubt it. But… I still have to talk to Javier about all of this. He had to work tonight. I haven't gotten a chance to see him since I heard the rumors. Even if he could, I'm not sure he will leave his mom and the kids.\" Thinking out loud Suze, unconsciously she asked, \"So the only people the government will evacuate is citizens and their families…?\" \"Uh huh\" \"Family,\" Katie thought to herself. Maybe there was a way to keep the children safe and prevent being separated from Javier again.[Chapter 17] Will you? Next morning, Katie woke up early to a knock on her door. Still groggy, she dragged herself out of bed and cracked the door open to the tantalizing aroma of coffee. Her foggy mind cleared just a little to see Javier's warm smile. Her heart skipped a beat and some of the heaviness from the night seemed to return with an added tinge of nervousness. She breathed in the scent of coffee. \"You're a saint,\" Katie said sheepishly. \"And you… my love, unfortunately, look horrible. Did something happen last night?\" She felt embarrassed and ran to the mirror and saw that her eyes were swollen from all the crying last night. She sighed. Javier came behind her and hugged her. He lifted her chin to him, turned her toward him and kissed her gently on the lips. Katie felt his warmth and felt slightly more comforted. She wanted to stay in these arms forever. She knew. \"Go take a shower, then come have some coffee and breakfast. The shower should refresh and relax you some. You will feel a little better. Then when you are ready, we can talk. You can tell me what's on your mind. But not any sooner.\" Katie left the room and headed for the bathroom. She felt better seeing Javier but her head was still filled with jumbled emotions. She felt the anxiety of the alarms still ringing in the back of her mind. Once in the bathroom, she got into the shower and turned on the hot water. She let the water slowly relax her body and release some the tension from her shoulders. When she finally got out, she faced herself in the mirror. She was starting to look better. She straightened her back and lifted her chin. This was no time to feel defeated, she had to be strong and keep on moving forward. She wasn't alone in this. She was with Javier now and they wanted to be together. They both knew getting back together and staying together would not be easy and would require work and perseverance. They both felt the same and felt it with the same force, they will move together and work it out somehow. Katie came back to find a nice breakfast spread out for her and Javier was sitting at the table looking out the window. He seemed tired too. He had worked a double shift and still came to see her early in the morning. When he heard her, he turned around, smiled and reached out his hand to her. She went to him and landed soften in his lap and they kissed. Their kisses started gentle and comforting, but then deepened. Warmth emanated wherever he touched her. He held her close and tight. Neither of them wanted to let go. With everything going on, the emotional embers turned into flames. As if unable to contain his feeling any longer, Javier roughly picked her up without taking his mouth away from her and dropped her in the bed, falling with her and crushing her below him. He wanted her. She was pinned beneath him, but she welcomed his weight, feeling him in real in her arms. Katie accepted him all and she felt all her emotions overflow. They communicated their raw emotions for each other with their bodies. After they were cuddled in bed exhausted. Javier stroked her hair. She took a breath and started to talk. She recapped all there that happened yesterday. Javier quietly and steadily listened to her as she told her story. Finally, when she was done, he closed his eyes and held her tight and close to his chest. She listened to his steady beating heart. \"I'm sorry, I wasn't here for you last night, love.\" \"I know. It wasn't your fault. You couldn't have known.\" \"I wish I did.\" \"You know now.\" \"Yes. Katie, my love, you know, you are not alone. I will do anything to stay with you. Let's think about it and face this together. I love you so much. I can't imagine a life without you in it. Being apart and coming back together… You are what is most important to me now.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Do you doubt me?\" \"No.\" From his embrace, she peered up at him and looked him in the eyes. \"Then will you marry me?\" \"Katie… Are you sure? I can't offer you anything. I don't even know how or what will happen next. Your family will probably not approve.\" \"Like you said we can't be separated again.\" \"This way we can stay together no matter what we decide and there will also be more options.\" \"Are you rushing marriage for these more options?\" \"It doesn't matter. Still now, I still can't believe that I was given a second chance to come back to Cuba. Not only that, but I came back and found you. We were meant to be. We both know how it was being apart. All I know, is what I need is you. We will face the issues as they come. The idea of going back to a life without you is what is unbearable. Like you said, we can face the problems as they come. Together. I want to be by your side, wherever life takes us or puts in our way.\" \"I will not say no to you. Yes, of course, I will marry you. I love you more than words can ever describe. If you will have me as your husband, I am more than honored to have you as my beloved wife. This is my unspoken wish I was afraid to dream of. You are the love of my life. Whatever fate has in store for us, we will face it together.\"[Chapter 18] Be Mine The joy of being engaged and being together made both Katie and Javier feel like they were on cloud nine. Although they both still knew that serious matters were still happening that they couldn't make light of. But knowing they wanted to be together and would be together gave both Katie and Javier renewed hope and energy to face everyday. They both shared their news with their families. Both of the families were happy for them, because their families had seen how the two were when they had been separated. However, there was still worry and concern for they knew the path the two had chosen was not an easy or certain one. There were going to have to face a lot of obstacles to come. The Winter Gala was coming up quickly so the two spent a lot of time practicing and enjoying dancing together. Besides dancing, Javier continued to find information from the community and working hard to do what he could to help his family. Katie on the other hand was using her connections at the embassy to keep on top of the rumors and also started to deal with the paper work necessary to get married and legalize their planned union. The paperwork seemed to go smoother than expected but it was not as common to have a union these days between a Cuban and an American. Katie had gathered up all the necessary documents and even proactively started to gather and prepare the papers that were needed after the ceremony was completed. Katie wanted to make sure all was in order and to get married soon. The thought of getting married before the Winter Gala even crossed her mind. The night before the dress rehearsal, Kate was getting ready for bed and she thought of Javier dreamily as she did recently. She felt a tinge of loneliness from longing. Where was he? Recently Javier seemed to have taken more double shifts at night. Kate was worried with the dancing and now the extra shifts he would be running himself ragged. She thought to herself, \"Tomorrow after practice I'll speak to him and make sure he was getting enough rest. I'll be his wife soon and his health is my priority.\" Then she giggled to herself at the thought of being his \"wife\". Next day, Kate and Javier had a wonderful dress rehearsal. They were so in tune and in step with each other, the dancing felt fantastic. At the end of the dance there was a burst of applause, but quickly stopped and replaced with whispers and quiet squeals when Javier went down on one knee. From his back pocket he pulled out a beautiful little ring. \"This ring symbolizes my love and devotion to you. I love you so much. Please be mine. Be my wife.\" \"Yes! Of course, I love you, too.\" With that he put the ring on her finger and kissed her. In the background, they could hear hooting and clapping from their classmates. \"You have made me the happiness man alive.\" \"Is this why you have been working so much?\" \"The main stone is from my mother's ring, but I added 2 small stones to symbolize us and had it reset for you.\" \"Old and New. This is a symbol of our union and the uniting of our families. I love it. Oh Javier, thank you.\" Katie hugged Javier and kissed him sweetly on the lips. When they came up for a breath, Katie looked up at him as if she was about to say something. \"You have something to say?\" Katie nodded. \"What do you think of getting married tomorrow?\" ","Summary":" Three Years Later Three years ago, Katie was forced to separate from the love of her lifenwhen the "},{"Movie":"Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights","Title":"Ten years later, what do we have?","Author":"the romantic girl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8323454","Passage":"[Chapter 1] T[Chapter 2] \"You really are a lucky girl, you know.\" My best friend, Elinor, was sitting on my sofa with a martini in one hand while she was gesturing with the other. \"I mean, you don't have a husband that wants to have sex at three in the morning, do his laundry, look good at his parties and all that. You lead your own life. You have never spoken about the guys in your past. Was there really no one who made your little heart beat extra fast?\" \"No, not really…\" \"Not really? Come on girl, I notice that you get distracted sometimes, like you are thinking of someone…\" Elinor's brown curls were moving back and forth when she shook her head. The green eyes were sparkling with delight. \"I know that you must have had someone. You refuse every guy I present to you.\" \"That does not mean anything! I just don't like the guys here.\" \"Where should you find them? Cuba maybe? I hear they have good-looking sorts over there.\" She must have remarked my raised eyebrows because she gasped. \"That's it! You met a boy in Cuba! What have you not told me?\" I shrugged my shoulders and explained it all to her. It was useless to hide it now. I told her everything, from when I first came to Havana, till I met Javier and the dance contexts. I finished with our rushed leave from Cuba. In the end, she was weeping. \"That is so sad! It is like Romeo and Juliet, but none of you die!\" Elinor is always dramatic. No wonder she is taking care of the love section! It was the part of the newspaper where women (and men, if they dared!) could write letters and get help in their \"love problems\". As a result, Elinor could crack up at anything that sounded least romantic or sad. \"Yeah well, we decided not to contact each other, it was better this way. He stayed there he belonged and I came back to my country. End of story.\" \"Do you never wonder what happened to him? I mean, what he became?\" Elinor's eyes were wider than usual. She looked like a child \"No, not really…\" \"And wait a minute, you danced? For real?\" She leaned forward and scrutinized me from head to toe with a serious look. \"Yeah, I basically have it in my blood, my parents were dancers.\" \"How is Cuban dancing? Was he good?\" She smiled mischievously and took another sip of her martini. \"It's sensational. He made me feel so…alive, free and sexy.\" I smiled despite myself because it was exactly like that, though I would not have admitted it at the time. \"Sexy, uh?\" \"Yeah, but you would not like it, because you are such a prude.\" \"I could dance Cuban dance if I want to, if only my husband would agree. You know how he is.\" I certainly did. Richard was my boss, a tall middle-aged man who still looked good, but was very correct about all things that made diversions away from interesting matters, like politics, economy or murder trials. Elinor had only got the job because she was married to him. She had convinced him that the paper needed something for women to read, to attract more readers. It worked obviously because the love section was one of the most read pages of the Times. Elinor had now several employees who worked under her, answering letters and weeping over the tragic lives. \"Whatever. It is not for you. You know for a seventeen-year-old this was the closest to sex you could come. It has all the symptoms: the pounding hearts, the sweat running down our backs, the close intimacy, the touch and the sensual music.\" \"It sounds wonderful, dear. But did you sleep with him?\" \"Yes I did.\" \"Oh my god! How was he like? As good a lover as he was a dancer?\" \"It was the first time for me. I didn't know if he was…anyway, it was sensational.\" \"He sounds amazing. You are sure you didn't contact him?\" \"I actually tried. Once, I tried to write letters but they never got finished. It ended with that I gave it up. I thought sometime of going to Cuba to find him. But…\" I looked at my hands, like it was their fault that I had not found the courage to write. \"But you must see him! Because otherwise you will be wondering for years what he become without doing actually anything to find out. You need to see him, maybe you'll get a second chance!\" \"You know, I do actually think that you read too many love letters.\" She stood up and placed the empty cocktail glass on the table. She walked to the door and placed her hand on the doorknob. She turned towards me and looked at me with conscious eyes. \"You know, I really believe that you must see him. Without that, you can't move on with your life honey. Call me when you are in Cuba. \"I'm twenty-seven years old. Was if he is married or even… dead?\" \"At least you would know the truth.\" And with that, she left my apartment.[Chapter 3] Elinor knew me well. Days after, I was reflecting about what she had said. It is true that I have given Javier many thoughts along the years, especially around Christmas even though every method had been used to remove him from my head. A life with him was impossible. It could not be helped anyway, my thoughts amused themselves by imagining way to meet Javier again, the reason many pieces of paper have been sacrificed for unfinished letters. In the end, I gave up, partly because of the political situation but mainly because I wanted to forget. He must be married by now, he could not possibly be single after all these years? One thought have made me worry over the years that Javier has ended up in prison. Javier is a sensible man, he must know better than to end up in prison. These thoughts have comforted me over the years and now, I only think about him now and then as a nice memory, made worse now by Elinor. What if I met him and he was not as I imagined? But then, I would know. I would maybe come home disappointed, but at least I would know. Elinor was right. It was the moment I had waited for. My profession would be very unwelcome in Cuba, considering the political situation. Maybe my boss could help me. \"Why in the hell do you want to go to Cuba?\" Richard was sitting at his desk, his eyes inspecting me over his glasses. Richard was good-looking, depending on who you asked; I guess many women would call him average. In my eyes he looked good, his brown hair was maybe a little too greasy but his grey eyes were intense and very alert. He was quite skinny and had the pale look of someone spending too much time in an office. \"I have some unfinished business to take care off. I was thinking that it would be difficult for me to enter Cuba without a reason. Do you think you can give me something? Whatever deadline you set, I'll keep it.\" \"I hope you know how bad things are down there? Cuba had cut the ropes with us and would love to make an American \"disappear\", be it tourist or journalist.\" Richard poured himself the usual Midleton. Richard was a true New York citizen, but his ancestors were from Ireland. He didn't like the taste but he felt close to where he came from by drinking, which he did every day. It was not my job to lecture about the consequences of heavy drinking. Bye the way, the colour of it was the same as his hair today. \"I know but I am willing to take the risk. As you surely know, I am part of Amnesty.\" \"I know that. You think Amnesty will get you there safe because one or two were able to get out of there alive but maybe you won't be as lucky. And you are a woman, a gringa.\" \"What if I work under cover? I can pretend I am a Russian tourist who is interested in their prisons.\" \"Risky. If it fails, we would have the government on our back and I would dare to say that a third world war could be declared.\" He gestured toward the city behind him. I had not thought about that. My daydream of just flying to Cuba and found Javier was a bit unrealistic. \"Risky but not impossible.\" I could not help smiling about the adventure. Me! A Russian tourist! Richard looked at me with a small smile. \"You speak Russian?\" \"No but I could learn. At least enough to get me through.\" \"If you are under cover, you would need a Russian interpreter and a Russian passport, but that is easy to make, but you would need to be convincing .\" An impasse. What could be done? \"Unless,\" he continued, \"you have a partner who can speak Russian and would translate everything for you. You would be his wife, who happens to be mute.\" \"Genius!\" I wanted to jump up and down but restrained myself when I got a look from Richard. \"I hope you understand that it is extremely dangerous and if anything happens, you are on your own. Your husband is an architect who builds prisons and gulags for the government and you came with him. Cuba will welcome you with open arms. \"Who would be my husband anyway? Shouldn't I know who I am supposed to have married?\" \"There is a man that works for the travel section, named Daniel who happens to speak Russian fluently. His mother comes from Russia.\" \"I have not seen him.\" I knew most of the guys from the travel section, since they had seen places I would never dream of going to but secretly want to which I force them to tell me about. \"Quite normal since he has been in St. Petersburg these two weeks. He is new, I just hired him. I had to since the Post was about to. Apparently he can speak five languages fluently. He looks good and takes nice photos. Perfect.\" \"Then what are we waiting for?\" He held up two fingers. \"Two days. Two to get passport, plane, hotel and guide. Then you can go. I will call you when everything is settled. You can go now.\" \"Thanks Richard. It is an opportunity to really help Amnesty in their work. They really need information about the prisons and I am sure it will the story of the year. A inside reportage about Cuba.\" \"Yeah, whatever.\" He waved me off with one hand and I left his office in a state of happiness and determination. I walked by Elinor's office to tell the good news. \"What is it honey?\" Elinor was sitting by her desk with nail polish in hand. \"I am doing it! I am going to Cuba!\" She rose from her chair and come forward to hug me. \"Bravo! I am proud of you. I guess you can't phone or write me a letter from there so tell me when you come home, okay?\" I nodded. \"Okay.\" Richard was certainly effective. After two days, I had the plane ticket, a hotel reservation at a three stars hotel, a passport where it stood that I was Lara Karelina, twenty-six (nice, I felt already one year younger) and I had been acquainted with my husband, a stunning man of thirty with blond wavy hair and ocean blue eyes. He was 6'1 from head to toe and extremely nice. I told him that I was really pleased that I had married him, which made him throw his head back and laugh. I liked him already. \"So what is this story that you are going back to Cuba?\" I had to tell mom. You don't go on a life-threatening-start-of-WWIII mission without telling your mom. \"Mom. I am on an important mission. I am going to investigate Cuba's prisons, their condition and what could be done about it.\" \"Is that really all?\" Dear mother. She had been really glad that come home and regain \"the life we were supposed to live\" as she called it. Over the years she had presented many eligible men, hoping that I would get married to one of them. I have turned down all. Non man would accept my job and my liberty. I would become miss housewife and comfort myself with children while he had fun in someone else's bed. My mother was still hoping that I would change my mind. \"Yes, mother, it is all. I am very safe, I can assure you.\" \"I don't believe that at all. I don't want you to finish in those horrible prisons, you know?\" \"I'll be fine I promise. I only need to shut my mouth and smile while Daniel does all the talking. I really need to pack now. I…\" \"Who is Daniel?\" Oh no. Dream on. \"My partner.\" \"Is he rich?\" \"Mom, I can't really talk now, I have packing to do. I will stay in touch.\" \"But I…\" \"Bye.\" \"Take care of you, okay?\" I felt bad for her. She sounded really distressed. I am sure she wished I was more like Suzie now.\" I love you. Your father says you should visit the hotel and see how it is now.\" \"I will do that. Bye.\" I inspected my packing. Many practical clothes. If I wanted to look like a Russian wife I would need more elegant clothing. I threw in more dresses and my Chanel suit, one of my proud possessions. I looked at my wardrobe and caught sight of a familiar dress. I took it out and the memories came back to me. It was the dress I had had on my last night at La Rosa Negra . I shook my head. I didn't need to remember it now. The images came back anyway and I caught myself throwing it in my bag. I didn't even know if it still fit me. Dancing was my past but strangely not for my parents. Actually, when Susie left for college, my parents started dancing again on their spare time. I guess they found that once priority number one was finished, they could think more of themselves. I was glad for them, dancing was my mother's passion. It was what had brought them together. My mother was dancing at the local country club when my father had seen her and immediately pushed her partner away. Mum said that his arrogant manner should have irritated her. Instead, she had smiled at him and they had been dancing all night long. I must have heard a thousand times over the years, much because I loved the story. Anyway, my bag was ready and I prepared myself to spend a sleepless night. Tomorrow, everything would be loose.[Chapter 4] The flight was leaving at nine and I could barely get up from my bed at eight. The airport, a small private one outside of Brooklyn, was half an hour away and I was not in the near of ready. Richard called me and urged me to get going, \"otherwise you will look quite stupid when the plane leaves without you\" as he nicely put it. I put on full speed and fifteen minutes later, jumped in a cab to the airport. The plane or the jet was small and very…clean. A flight attendant with that perfect hair I would never have welcomed me inside and I saw that Daniel had already made himself comfortable with a glass of wine. He smiled at me and patted at the large seat next to him. \"Hey Katey! Come, sit next to me. I suppose Richard had told you the peculiars?\" \"Yes,\" said I while I sat down. \"A car will be waiting for us and take us to the hotel where our guide will be.\" \"Correct.\" He smiled approvingly like a proud father. \"What he didn't tell you is that the \"guide\" is a double agent. He is part of a group that want to end the Cold war and make Cuba cooperate with US again.\" \"Can we trust him? Not many Cubans would agree with him.\" Daniel smiled approvingly again. \"That is true. They don't have any choice but to trust us, they know that if they do anything, they will have the CIA chasing them and the Cuban government, who are much worse than the American government. They have everything to gain by helping us.\" \"Good then.\" \"Don't worry sweetheart. Everything will work out fine. After all, I am only taking pictures and kissing asses. You are the one with the brain.\" I have decided to like Daniel. Havana radiated under the sunshine and I could not help smiling. I was back! It has only taken me ten years. Daniel and I watched how the city came closer and closer until we hit the ground and the only thing visible was a big building, larger than any building I had ever seen. The plane went slowly closer to it until it stopped completely and the flight attendant told us we could rise. She looked tired even though she was smiling and I felt bad, because Daniel and I had made fun of her perfect look. I gave her a smile I hoped looked apologetic and went outside to retrieve the rest of our bags. The warm and the sun hit me both like a wall and I was glad that I had remembered to bring my sunglasses. It was winter in New York but here in Cuba, it never went cold. A car was already waiting and the driver came out, in a shining uniform and carried our bags back to the car. Service! We drove through the city and even if I was so tired that I could sleep standing, the city was as beautiful as I remembered. I must have fallen asleep because when Daniel caressed my arm, I managed to smash my head against the window. We had stopped and the driver opened the door. I stepped out with a terrible headache and looked around. We stood in front of a small white building, with blue windows and a big wooden door as entrance. Two men were standing in front of it, a tall large man with an impressive moustache who looked like he could be the hotel manager and a smaller one, with short brown hair and a nice tan face. The later radiated confidence and openness while the earlier was only correctness and pride. He was not a man to be messed with. The man with the moustache introduced himself as Ernesto Vasquez and the hotel manager. He was very proud to have a Russian couple living in his hotel. It was clear since he pressed our hands with a firm handshake and a wide smile. I could swear he could have given us a hug if that was allowed. The man with the nice face presented himself as Andrés and would be our guide for our visit. He didn't look at all like a double agent but since I had never met one, I could not tell. A little boy, not older than thirteen perhaps, took our bags and brought them inside. I should have guessed there was child work. This was something I had to write on too. We were welcomed into a large reception with a chandelier. Ernesto showed us the restaurant, the \"living room\" I can assume from the book shelves and big sofas, another room with a large table and chairs, probably a conference room, before giving us the key to our room. We took it eagerly and walked up the stairs with suppressed hurry and when the room was found, walked in without stopping a pace and threw ourselves on the bed. \"I thought he would never finish!\" Daniel laughed. \"Yes,\" agreed I. \"Did you see that smile? Exactly like that Cheshire cat in Alice in Wonderland!\" \"Hey Katey, look at our room!\" I looked. It was quite small; our bed took up most of the space. A wooden desk was pushed against the windows and from our bed we could see the bathroom through a glass door (really?) on the left. The walls were painted in light blue and the windows had the ugliest curtains I had ever seen. They were green, but I would rather say colour vomit. It was odd to have this colour when the rest of the room matched so well although the bed was really soft though. I watched Daniel next to me who had his eyes closed and it hit me. There was only one bed! Of course! \"Don't worry sweetie. I can sleep on the floor. I am an experienced floor sleeper. Whatever that meant.\" Daniel must have read my thoughts. My horrified face made him laughed. \"Why are you complaining? You'll have the big bed.\" \"It's not a problem, really. You can sleep next to me.\" Why did I say it? \"Great! We could play games under the cover like when we were kids. It will be cosy. But now, I am starving. Should we get some food?\" Someone knocked at the door. Daniel jumped up to open. It was Andrés. \"You were very quick, I didn't have time to talk to you,\" said he in perfect English. \"Sorry,\" responded we in unison. Andrés laughed. \"It doesn't matter. Do you want to discuss matters over lunch?\"[Chapter 5] Andrés took us to a small restaurant nearby. They were specialized in fish, like almost every restaurant in Havana. I took the sea bass and Daniel the tuna. Andrés explained that he had already told some of the prisons, who were eager to show us their prisons. Since there were more than fifty, we would not have time to see all before we were to leave, ten days from now, on the 27th of December. They were also some prisons out-of-town, which Andrés said were different from the city ones. I looked around at times while he spoke, to see if there was anyone who paid any attention to us but we were the only one in the room, the other were sitting outside. Andrés seemed confident, which lessened my fears a bit. Andrés explained that since Castro had taken over, things had only got worse. The people loved him, he was the one who had set them free but they didn't understand that they had less freedom than before. The recent crisis had not made matters easier. Andrés believed that once the Cold war ended, Cuba and USA might be friends again. \"Anyway, you have a prison visit tomorrow. If possible, you can visit two.\" \"You won't come with us then?\" \"No, not tomorrow. Very few Cubans have been lucky to visit a prison, should we say, not imprisoned. They do not want the people to know. But thanks to my place, I have talked to a few about my \"Russian friends\", you. They gave me a pile of pesos for my silence. So yes, a visit or two might be possible.\" Richard's words came back to me. You are on your own. \"But have you visited any?\" I was curious. Andrés turned to me and grinned. \"No. As I said, otherwise I would not have been here with you; you would have visited me instead.\" \"Are you not afraid? I have heard they are quite horrible. You will see your people suffer.\" How could he be so relaxed? Perhaps was it denial. If you didn't think about it, it didn't exist. \"I have heard the rumours of course. The stories. If they are as bad as one is told, I will know. But I have also other priorities. Priorities that I cannot wait.\" He rose from the chair and threw a few coins on the table. \"I will go with you back to the hotel. I have arranged for you to have a car at your disposal. The driver talks only Spanish but I…\" \"…I can speak Spanish,\" interrupted Daniel. What? Andrés was as surprised as I was. \"Good then. You could have told me before. I can just give you the names of the prisons and everything will be arranged.\" \"But Andrés, how did you think we were going to understand what they say without interpreter? You are our guide!\" Was it only I who had thought of that? Andrés looked immediately guilty. \"Well I didn't. I am sorry. How selfish of me. But now that Daniel is a fluent Spanish speaker, he can interpret. The Cubans will love it. A Russian man who speaks their language. We should get going.\" We walked back in silence. I started to think about the country club where I had danced with James and what had become of it. Javier had been right. All the people employed at American companies had fled head over heels back home, leaving everything behind. The country club was probably just an empty building now. Back at the hotel, I asked Andrés about it and he said that it was just a few streets away. Daniel proposed to go with me in the later afternoon since we were both very sleepy and would take a nap before our excursion. We said our goodbyes to Andrés and none of us speak on our way to the room, I think we both felt the importance of our presence, how much of it relied on ourselves. I felt at that moment that nothing was safe, the ground could at any moment disappear and I would fall deep, deep to never rise again. I hoped the feeling would be gone with a few hours of sleep. We had both woken up at the same time. Daniel and I walked out of the hotel a bit dizzy, mainly of the sunlight, which shone right in our faces. The hotel was located perfectly for evening sun and I was hopeful to see some beautiful sunset later. We walked in the direction we had been told by Andrés and found ourselves, after a few minutes, in front of an open dark area. There were no street lamps here but the sunlight was bright enough for us to see that here was nothing left that reminded of dancing couples, colourful drinks and loud music. Everything must have been stolen or destroyed. There was nothing. Only the ceiling, majestic and symbol of the American arrogance cast a shadow of former glorified days. \"Wow. Is it where you used to hang out?\" Daniel exclaimed. \"Yeah.\" \"Well, it's…Wait! There is something moving over there. Look!\" I watched the spot he pointed at. There was something moving, it looked like…a person! In fact, it seemed to be more than one. What were they doing here? We walked over the grey floor and the sun fell behind the ceiling, which made us see that the persons were walking with a bottle in hand. They were probably homeless and drunk. One of them turned their heads toward us and we froze. \"I have a very bad feeling about this. Can we go back?\" Daniel took my hand and slowly walked backwards. \"I am sure we are out of danger. They are too far to do something drastic and probably very drunk. But if you want to go back, we shall.\" The man was still looking at us when we walked back and I was thinking that if the people really thought their lives had really got better, they were living in an illusion. I wanted to shout that they needed to wake up, that they had just swapped a dictator for another but nobody would believe me. It was hopeless. Back in our room, Daniel was silent. He took his cameras and started to fiddle with them and I took out Persuasion. None of us were really hungry that evening or even sleepy but I feel asleep in a flash.[Chapter 6] The shower and the sun were my alarm clocks this morning. I went up to open the curtains, making me blind by the bright morning sun. The hotel was located near the water and the view was extraordinary. Boats came in to the port, people were surfing on the waves and tiny dots in the distance could only be people taking an early bath in the water, color azure. I turned from the window to the suitcase and hoped it would tell me what I would wear today. Its decided silence told me I was on my own for the moment. I was just about to remove my pyjama top when the glass door opened and Daniel came into the room, wearing only a towel around the waist. I allowed myself a quick glance at the six-pack above the towel before returning his smile. His blond hair had curled itself around the ears, making him look like a cherub, those naked angel children you find in paintings. \"Morning Katey. The bathroom is yours now.\" \"Morning Daniel. Thanks. Wait for me and we will go down to breakfast together.\" Daniel had been forced to wait for me a while but we came down to breakfast at last. It was important to make a good impression on the other guests if we were really to fit in. We weren't American, but a rich Russian couple and it was important to dress and behave as one. Being an American made it impossible to really know how a Russian woman behaved but I tried to hold my head high and never meet anyone in the eyes. We sat down and instantly were served Café con leche, coffee with milk. The beans were grown here, outside of Havana. Daniel was really surprised when the breakfast arrived because it was made only of bread and butter. I wanted to tell him that Cubans do not really eat breakfast but I remained silent. When we were finished, a note was brought to Daniel. We went to our room to read it without eyes upon us. It was from Andrés. Apparently he had managed to pull a few strings and would join us soon. He would come to pick us up in half an hour. The minutes went fast while we ready ourselves for the day's adventure. Daniel packed his camera and I tried to look perfect. My body was cold and distant but my eyes were open and alert. Remember everything and leave nothing out,even the tiniest details. I was the reason we were here in the first place so the responsibility was mine. Andrés drove us to the prison, located fifteen minutes from our hotel. \"I am very glad that I can come with you today. I am afraid, I think, now more than before, for what we are going to see. It is really more real now than it was yesterday.\" A grey innocent building, which in Europe could have been taken for a castle presented itself in front of us. Our identity cards were inspected at the entrance and approved. The director of the prison himself came to great us. He shook our hands with enthusiasm and welcomed us inside. He was a fat man, with a big mustache and a bald head. He was oily, when I looked at him; I just saw a big bottle of olive oil. We were first shown the kitchen, who looked and smelled too clean. I doubt there was any cooking here, though we were presented to the cook. Andrés and Daniel conversed easily with the director while I looked around discreetly, as discreet as you could when you had two guards behind watching every move you made. From the kitchen, we went through a corridor leading to an open space and I looked up. The prison went four floors up, rows with cages, filled with men of all constitutions. And the smell! It stank, I think, of human urine and excrements and something more, something horrible and terribly sad. The faces that looked at us were miserable and somehow, full of pity. I searched for his face among the men but could not find it. I thought the visit was over, we were on the top floor and were about to go down when the director pointed to an open space with something that looked like a cross in wood. There were chains and ropes. A prisoner was brought out, for a demonstration especially for us. They put his hand into the hole of rope. A guard smiled mischievously at us and started to whip the prisoner's back. The prisoner's cry was heart-breaking. After ten slaps, I patted on Daniel's shoulder and Andrés understood directly. The director smiled at me and I started to hate him. The prisoner was carried away by two guards. The prisoner looked at me with a mix of gratitude and desperation and I felt tears creep in my eyes. I shook them off with the force of will and went on with the rest of the group. Now the visit was finished and we were at the entrance of the prison. Daniel and Andrés had been listening intensely to the director, who was gesticulating and pointing at the prisoners as we had passed on. He shook our hands again and this time, I swear my hand was covered with oil. The ride home was quite silent, everyone needed time to swallow what we had seen. We took our leave from Andrés at the hotel. We told him we could not see another prison today. \"It is barely twelve! We have time for one more! If you are so taken aback by one, how will it be for the rest?\" We assured him that we would think about it. Now, we needed lunch and I needed to write everything down. The lunch, like breakfast, was small but healthy. Castro did not make it easier for the people. The positive thing about Batista is that the people have had more to eat. In our room, Daniel talked and I wrote it down. I cried a lot because the director had been very keen to talk about their torture methods. Daniel cried too, feelings repressed at the prison but free to come out now. \"Oh Katey, how are we going to survive ten days of this?\" \"We had to manage. We are doing it for a good cause, to make life better for people here, to make the world aware of this, to punish those that need to be punished, to save lives.\" Daniel held my gaze. \"Do you really believe that we are going to do all that?\" \"No. It is what makes me write this, what will make me go to another prison this afternoon, or tomorrow. I need to believe it, to carry on. Hey, you didn't take any pictures?\" He looked at his bag with surprise. \"I forgot! It did not seem right.\" \"We need them! A picture is worth more than thousand words!\" \"I am sorry. I will be more attentive next time. \"What do you want to do now?\"[Chapter 7] We decided to go sightseeing. David had never been to Havana and I wanted to see what had changed in the city. We really looked Russian with our white skin, our blond hair and tall height. People who saw us smiled and greeted in a friendly manner. As we walked in the city, I discovered that there had not been many changes. The place where I had been in school was now a police station (we passed the building very quickly) and the open square where I had seen Javier dance for the first time seemed to be a market today. I wanted also to see what had happened to the hotel we had stayed at and found that there was nothing there. Probably destroyed by Castro's men. We were silent and it really pained me not to be able to talk. I wanted to tell Daniel about my experience of Havana. However, after one hour or two of sightseeing, we found ourselves at a place that felt really familiar. I pulled Daniel's shirt to make him stop and he looked at me quizzically. I recognized the street, the buildings and…I started to walk, my feet were following an invisible person toward something, with a confused Daniel walking behind me. Finally, my feet stopped and I looked up. I gasped. Javier's house! How in the world? Nobody was seen around and everything was awfully silent. Daniel leant close toward my ear. \"Why are we here?\" he whispered. \"I knew someone who lived here. I don't know if he still does,\" I whispered back. \"He?\" At that moment, an old man came out of the door toward the gate. He didn't give us a glance as he sat down in a chair next to the gate I had not noticed. He took out a cigarette and smoked. He looked familiar somehow until I realized that it was Abuelito, Javier and Carlos' grandpa. I have no idea if he had recognized me or if he did not care. I whispered to Daniel to ask him if the Suarez family lived here. Daniel came forward and asked him. Abuelito looked surprised to be talked in Spanish by what he surely called a \"gringo\". He said something however and Daniel reported back to me. \"He said that they do. He wants to know why we ask.\" I was about to answer when the door opened and someone walked out, someone who looked also familiar, someone…. \"Abuelito! Vamos a…\" The man stopped mid-sentence and looked at me. I looked at him and my knees felt weak. Had it not been for Daniel behind me, I would have fallen at his feet.[Chapter 8] This was a total shock to me. It was too soon, too sudden, I had arrived only yesterday, I had not meant to go this way, we were not supposed to meet like this, what would I do now, what would I do now ? \"Katey?\" We stood staring at each other, each with our mouth open a little, like in cartoons. He looked the same but not really. He had broader shoulders, the muscles played under his t-shirt, which made him look taller than before, more like his brother and less like the boy I had known. His hair was the same colour and shape, that undetermined brown colour and going in all directions. \"Katey? Is that really you?\" \"Javier?\" He took a step forward and raised his arms but dropped them again. He looked at something behind me and I figured it was Daniel. The later had stood a bit aside and came forward now with his arm around my shoulders. \"I am Daniel, her husband.\" The words came out before I could comprehend why he had said this and then I remembered our cover. Daniel had spoken with a Russian accent, which was normal since we were talking to a Cuban. I had not told him about Javier, therefore he had made the decision not to trust him and bring up our cover. I was angry at Daniel but it was quickly gone since he had done his job to protect me. The reaction in Javier was seen instantly. His expression changed and Javier did not look like the one he knew. \"Oh, nice to meet you, Katey's husband. I am sorry but I need to go. I am late already. Goodbye. Vamos.\" He touched Abuelito on the shoulder and they started to walk. I could not let him walk away like that, I need to tell him he was mistaken. \"Javier!\" He turned around completely and looked at me. \"It is not what you think it is! Please! Give me a chance!\" At first I thought he was going to start walking again but he spoke at last. \"Tonight! La Rosa Negra!\" Javier felt hopeless. For a moment, it had almost thought that things were like before. How could he believe for one second that she loved him still? He had never seized loving her, not for one second. He had tried to forget her, but she simply would not leave his heart. At first, he had believed that she would come back soon. But then it was the affair with the Cuban missiles with the Russians and everything with the American agents. Married? To that slug? She dared to say that things were not as they seem! How could anything be more clear? She was no longer his, she loved another. How could he had fooled himself to think that she would wait for him? Well, perhaps there was hope still. La Rosa Negra was still a meeting place for the workers and the poor, the locals in short. His sister worked there now as a singer and his brother played in the band. La Rosa Negra was maybe not the best place for young teenagers but at least he could watch over them. The Palace was now the place to be if you were important in Havana. He knew he was not supposed to but he would look for Katey the all night, with or without her husband.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 I felt as fresh as a daisy when I woke up and I was excited to see how this Daniel would look like. I said hello to everyone who crossed my path and went into the canteen. I discovered that Andrés was already here with a man who had his back turned on me. I guessed it must be Daniel. I went forward and Andrés saw me and stood up to greet me. This Daniel finally turned toward me and greeted me with a smile. We shook hands and sat down at our table. Daniel was a very handsome man, with brown thick hair and clear blue eyes. He had elegant glasses on his noise and a camera was hanging on his chest. He was not as muscular as Javier but looked impressive enough. We ordered our breakfast and Daniel looked intensively at me, liked he wanted to find some faults. I had been used to glances like that and waited patiently for him to finish. \"You like what you see?\" I asked finally. \"You would make an incredible model. Those decided eyes, that stubborn mouth, that noble nose, oh yes a perfect model in my eyes.\" \"You photograph models?\" I was pleased by the compliment. At least, it I thought it was. Whatever it was, I felt at that instant the power of femininity, as I believe many women of the past must have felt when somebody called them beautiful. I placed no real attachment to my appearance even thought it was necessary since my appearance was the image of my work. But Daniel was trained to capture the beauty in things and so I had to trust him for knowing what he talked about. \"From time to time. It is well paid and you get to meet a lot of people.\" \"Oh so you are a ladies 'man?\" \"Not quite. I found that ladies are not my style if you see what I mean.\" \"Oh. OH. I see. Is there someone in your life?\" \"Yeah, he is living in San Francisco. It is a better for us there, you know?\" I knew what he meant. San Francisco stood for homosexual freedom. \"I know what you mean.\" Andrés looked at us with an amused look. \"I'm glad you like each other. We have work to do. Now I have pulled my strings and we might be able to visit another one today. But we must be vigilant because if they learn that we have a photographer with us, they can start a diplomatic conflict. So I have a plan.\" He explained the plan thoroughly and we listened attentively. Everything was agreed on and we were on our way. This time I was not alone and it was no discomfort to talk to Andrés anymore. Besides, we had Daniel now and he was a welcome introduction to our party. I didn't know if I had to explain to Daniel what he would see but he reassured on that point. He was apparently confident and certain of being capable to be sensible at such a place like a prison. The procedure was the same as yesterday but the director's attentions were more focused on Daniel now. I guessed that a woman did not understand certain subjects as well as men. I frowned but I hoped that our plan was going to work. We had decided that when I distracted the director and his guards, Daniel would discretely take pictures with his camera. The pictures would of course never published publicly but used among Amnesty members to get a clear picture of the situation. I felt the heavy responsibilities upon me and sighed. If this did not work out, they probably send me to one of these prisons for being an American spy. We were introduced and moved around the cells. This time it was no problem to see \"the bad parts\". Daniel was a man after all. But I could not stop from feeling that we ought to be on our guards. Daniel acted very professionally, like he really knew what he was talking about. Andrés was next to him, translating everything Daniel said. I was walking behind with the two guards behind. It would not be easy to divert them but I was confident. My confidence was replaced by shock and horror. The cells were as small and dirty as the other prison. I could not help but look at the prisoners without shame. Some were really young, perhaps younger than I was, and some were really old, like Abuelito. Everyone looked as they expected us to see them like animals in cage but I really wanted, was to unlock all the doors and free them. It was so sad that I felt tears coming in my eyes. I forbid myself to cry and waited for the signal Andrés would give me any second now. No live torture this time but the director wanted to show us the isolation cell, which as vacant by the moment. Andrés gave me a glance and I went to action. In a moment, I pretended to trip over a guard so that his attention was on me. The director was alarmed and asked me in Spanish if I was okay. Andrés moved so that the other's guard could not see Daniel. The latter took the opportunity to shoot the isolation cell. We had decided that it was disrespectful to take pictures of the prisoner but that Amnesty had to rely on our visual observances to get the truth. Daniel had his shot and in a few minutes, everything was back to normal and we went on. We approached the end of the visit and it felt like I had been in a zoo from hell. It was terrible and immoral. How could they imprison so much people for wanting to be free and happy? Had they no value for honesty, love or democracy? The world was a messed up place and I was ashamed to live in it. But I had to believe, like Javier had said about his Cuba that things would work out. That what I did right now was noble. But who was I fooling? Myself or the American people? What could I possibly say to New Yorkers that the Cuban people were not enemies but only victims of their own naivety? Nobody here wanted to blow anyone up, they just wanted to live! So many questions were in my head when I shook hands with the director. I promised myself again to wash my hand a dozen times. The ride home was very silent. Daniel looked less confident that he had been before; I believe he had not expected this. Nobody could.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 Andrés was very glad to leave us so that he could find comfort elsewhere. I wonder if he had a wife and kids somewhere. I had to ask him sometimes. I decided to give Daniel some space and I went to my room to write everything down. I was as detailed as the first time and I believe I had not forgotten anything. I was not hungry so I decided to spend my time until I was with reading. I know that I should have travelled lightly but I could not resist taking a Jane Austen book. I eyed the title. Among the six complete books, I had taken Persuasion , Emma and Mansfield Park . It was a difficult decision. Persuasion was out of question, it would only tell me what I already knew. Emma was a story about being blind and self-confident so Mansfield Park fit just right. Fanny was patient and really nice. She was over-looked by so many and everyone knew what was best for her just because she was poor. After a while, when Fanny had met Henry Crawford, I felt my stomach cry for help. I laid the book aside and went down. The canteen was quite empty and I perceived Daniel sitting at a table, looking very miserable. Chatting would probably cheer him up. I sat down in front of me and he emerged from his trance to smile at me. \"How are you feeling?\" I asked. \"I don't know really. I just feel empty right now.\" He gave me a half smile and I gave my order to the waiter who had been standing near our table to wait for my decision. \"I understand what you mean. I felt the same yesterday. But then I had no one to comfort me. Let's talk. You will feel better then.\" \"How can you know that you will feel better? I just feel that nothing I do will help them, that I am wrong to sit here and eat when they are starving to death.\" \"You have to believe it will get better. You are doing something great. With your pictures, you will say what thousands words can't say. I can write an article and make people to live the scene in their heads. But an image just prints itself in the conscience. It brings more emotions than a very good report. You are a good person Daniel.\" I put my hand on his and pressed it lightly. He actually looked a bit better, smiled with all his teeth visible and gestured with his hands to imitate the director of the prison. I laughed heartily and we had an agreeable hour. A man walked to our table and announced that I had a message at the reception. I waved at Daniel and followed the man to the reception.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11 It was almost like I had expected it. At the reception, a man was leaning against the counter whom I could recognize to be only Javier. Of course. I walked forward in determination not to get angry or to lose my temper. I would listen to everything he had to say. \"Hello Katey,\" said he with confidence. \"You look nice.\" If he referred to the only dress I had brought with me then I guess I could be called nice. This was the fashion last year but I found appropriate here. And believe me, I was not one of those who followed fashion. \"Thank you. What was it that you wanted?\" From the corner of my eye, I saw Daniel who gave Javier and me an amused glance before he went upstairs. I would probably be questioned about the mysterious Cuban man later. Javier made a move like he wanted to put a hand on my arm but controlled himself and let the hand drop next to his side. \"I just wanted to say I am sorry. It was wrong of me to behave like I did yesterday.\" \"Apologies accepted. But it is really not me who you should be apologizing for, but Andrés. He is the one who suffered.\" \"I have already done that.\" He looked away, a bit insecure perhaps on what to say next. I helped him on. \"Just because you are jealous does not mean you should let other suffer for what you cannot stand,\" I preached. He reacted immediately. \"I was not jealous!\" \"Yes you were! You could not stand to see me dance with another person than you! Admit it!\" He went silent and became thoughtful for a moment. \"Yes I was. Jealous, I mean. I thought that dancing had been our private thing that we shared together.\" I blushed. He was true. Dancing had been everything to us, our \"thing\" as Javier called it. We were embarrassed for a while and did not know what to say next. I finally decided to speak, even though what I was going to say next would maybe get rejected. I could not believe I was going to say it. \"Can I…can I meet your brother and sister? Are they home?\" He looked surprised for a moment and then smiled next and nodded. \"You can meet them. I think they are at home but I am not sure. Shall we go?\" He offered me his arm but I hesitated and he let it drop. I tend to get memories when I touched objects, undoubtedly touching Javier's arm, would be a danger for my self-control. At that moment, I didn't think of how stupid that question had been. I should have known better but it was too late now, it was already out there. I had to be strong, to meet him as a friend for the moment. \"How come your English had become so much better?\" I felt the warm air on my face when we got out; the nice and chill breeze was caressing mine and Javier's hair. \"I asked Andrés if he could teach me some,\" replied he smiling. \"If you can remark the difference then I guess I must have improved.\" \"It can't be easy to know so much English. I saw that Andrés got sceptic glances from the prison director this morning when he translated to us the words in Spanish.\" \"Us?\" inquired Javier, not being aware of the addition in our party. \"Daniel and me. Daniel came this morning. He is here to take pictures but it is dangerous so we are doing it illegally. Don't worry; he is no danger to me because he is gay.\" \"Gay?\" asked he with lines on his forehead. I found it funny that he reacted on the word gay rather than I was involved with something illegal. His expression was hilarious too, he looked like he was trying to appear experienced but could not hide his ignorance beneath that face of wonder. \"Yes, gay. Homosexual. A man who likes other men. You never heard this word before?\" \"I don't think we have gay people in Cuba.\" I laughed heartily. Could he really be so naïve? \"That is what you think it's true. But there are probably gay people everywhere here in Havana except that they don't make such a noise of themselves. It is dangerous to be different even in America.\" \"Do you have problems in America?\" He looked concern, perhaps believing that I had problems. \"If you mean you like me personally, no I don't have any problems but America have problems like all the others countries, but not of the same kind perhaps. People don't like different people; they think they are trouble without trying to look beyond.\" \"We don't have that here. People are just trying to find food for the day and avoid prison. But tell me about your life in America.\" By the way, we had been walking for a while and I didn't know how much it was left of out walk but I was not worried. Javier and I had become more civil to each other, something of that friendship we had in the beginning of our acquaintance was active again. I was less tense but still on my guard, it was early yet. \"What can I say? College was interesting and I moved to New York to become the successful journalist I wanted to be. Now I am of course, but it took time and strong will. I am writing the politic column you see and people don't generally see it fit for a woman. But I have a nice boss who encourages me to do my best and I believe that many readers like to have a woman's opinion on politics.\" He looked at me with eager interest. \"That is good. You can make a difference in your country, to change people's beliefs and open their eyes. More than I can ever do here.\" I wondered whether he had forgotten mine and his own words that he helped his family, and this was the most important thing in the world. \"I hoped you have not forgotten that your family is your duty and your responsibility. I can change people's mind and beliefs about one topic, but that is only if they want to change it. They are not dependent on me to make up their opinions; they may as well read another newspaper. But your siblings count on you and without you, they would be destitute. You are noble in your own little business and as long as you stay out of trouble, you may be sure that they will as well for your sake.\" I breathed for air after this long speech because they had come from the heart and I could not have stopped these words from coming out of my mouth. Javier looked amazed and amused. I could not bring myself to speak again because I waited for his reaction. \"How could we change so much Katey? We are not the teenagers that danced all day long for that useless context!\" \"Ten years is a long time for change, I would not want to be that naïve, innocent Katey now that I know so much of the world. Are we not there yet?\" Indeed we were. The house looked the same as the day before but now, I had the pleasure to enter the house. Javier entered first and I followed trough the familiar home, trough the small courtyard and the main hall. Javier's house was not big but it was complicated. There weren't really any doors so from the hall you could see the kitchen and the \"dining-room\" only separated by a small wall. To the right, there was the corridor with the staircase, leading to the bedrooms. To the left, you had the \"living room\" or the \"sala de estar\" as they call it and the small bathroom. The Suarez family could say that they had a bathroom indoors, which many could not be said by many. The water here was so bad that they had to boil it before they could use it for anything. Many had died from dirty water in diseases and this was one of the many causes charity organisations tried to ameliorate but it was difficult. They had a few bedrooms, I know that Shabe, Javier's little sister and Raphael had been obliged to occupy the same room and Javier and Carlos too. Speaking of siblings, Shabe and Raphael had been occupying their bedroom and were coming down to great their big brother. They were hugged and kissed by Javier, a scene which showed great brotherly affection. Finally, they turned to me and observed me with wide eyes. From a closer look, Shabe was even prettier than she had been at the club and her mild eyes were curious. Raphael had the look of a boy who had grown really fast and probably would grow even more. It was nearly as tall as Javier but I had no doubt he would turn out to be a handsome man in ten years or so. Both siblings were gracious and healthy. Shabe had forms women would have died for in America ten years ago. Definitively good genes there. \"Shabe, Raphael, you remember Katey?\" asked Javier in English. He was standing quite far from me, so close to his siblings that I felt like I was a ghost they were inspecting from a distance. I wondered why they had not move forward to greet me but maybe it was best that I was the one who should make the first move. \"Hi, I'm Katey. You probably don't remember me, you were quite young then.\" I offered my hand and they shook it with a firm grip. It was Shabe who talked first. \"Javier was always absent to see you. My mother did not like it so much.\" I blushed and so did Javier. Raphael said something in Spanish and Javier translated it for me. \"Raphael says you look like a fine lady.\" I smiled at Raphael and thanked him in Spanish for the nice compliment. \"You have a fine voice Shabe. When did you start singing?\" She counted silently on her fingers and smiled at me. \"Ten years. My mother used to sing when she cooked. She taught me a few songs. Her own mother used to be a good singer.\" \"How can you know so much English?\" \"I listened to Andrés when he was here to teach Javier. Do you want to see my room?\" She took my hand and we went upstairs. Now that the house sadly lacked of several family members, Raphael and Shabe had their own rooms and one room was vacant. Shabe told me that it was their parents' bedroom; no one had dared to empty it. Abuelito had his room and Javier occupied the room that had served as his father's office. Shabe's room was pretty, it had been repainted in a mild pink tone and a few dolls were smiling at me from the bed. Shabe had been showing me with a teenager's enthusiasm but went suddenly very serious. \"Listen Katey, I know that you were lovers before, I was young but not blind and my brother loves you still. Don't hurt him a second time. He thinks I do not see it but sometimes he likes to forget his sorrow in alcohol. Just take care of him, okay?\" She looked really anxious but really serious, like a little sister did when a brother was in trouble. I was pretty surprised. I did not expect this confession and was not sure if I could answer with the same franchise. \"I will do the best I can.\" She seemed satisfied with the answer and nodded. Her face bloomed up in to a smile; her face looked younger than I am sure she wanted to appear. \"How old are you Shabe?\" \"I am sixteen. Would you want to stay for dinner Katey? I smell that my brother is cooking something.\" \"Is it so late?\" I looked at my watch; the time announced was six in the evening. Time has once again mysteriously flown so that my sense of control was totally vanished. \"I must go back to the hotel! Daniel must be worried for me!\" \"Daniel? Is that your husband?\" She looked at me with true suspicion, a bit disgusted too I think. \"No! He is my colleague. Don't worry; he is not attracted by me.\" \"Why not?\" I chuckled nervously. It was one thing to explain to Javier that there were homosexuals in this world, but to a teenager? I decided to pick a straightforward answer. \"Daniel likes men. Girls are not his type. Everyone is not made to be like boy and girl.\" She laughed. This was not exactly the response I had expected. She laughed heartily for a while and gradually stopped, but she kept a playful smile on her lips. \"I know that there are men who like men in this world. Did you notice the guy who played the maracas at La Rosa Negra? Probably not. But he has a tendency to stare at the guys who are dancing there. He doesn't know that I know this but I think that my brother is leaning to that side as well. I have seen some stolen glances between the guy at the maracas and him. Don't tell Javier, Raphael would kill if he discovered that I told you this.\" \"The secret is safe with me. It smells good here. What is he cooking?\" We sniffed the air and I felt the hunger coming on me. \"I believe it is \"pollo con arroz\", chicken with rice. He makes it with mango and oranges. It's his speciality. You should really stay for dinner. It is not often we have guests. Come. Let's go downstairs.\" I said to Shabe that I would be downstairs in a few minutes and she nodded. I was left alone in her room, which allowed me to think. I didn't know if it was safe that I would leave at this time of day. It was really tempting to stay and eat dinner with Javier, Shabe and Raphael. I knew very well that the secret police was out there and I would probably look very suspicious to them. I regretted a little, just a little, that I had come with Javier here. I didn't know if they had a phone and Andrés would probably be very mad if he found that I was here. He would be very surprised first but his main reaction would be anger. What I feared the very most was my own neutrality. It was stupid to be here, I didn't even need to be here. I had made the decision on coming here that I was going to see what Javier became and then move on with my life. Then why was I so afraid? I was frustrated and angry at myself because of all the questions in my mind but my stomach reminded me that it needed food so I went downstairs, convinced that I would find answers soon enough. The smell was greater as I went down and it was weird to see Javier standing at the stove, smiling for himself in front of the boiling stew. When he heard my steps, he turned to me still smiling and asked if I wanted to taste it. Javier gesticulated to me to come. I tasted it and felt a shock in my mouth. Everything came at once, the spicy and the sweet, and I felt like I had never tasted anything better. \"This is delicious! Where did you learn that?\" He smiled broadly. \"By my own. It took me time but this one is my favourite. That means you stay for dinner then?\" \"Yes, for sure! I would not want to miss this for the world!\" I felt at that moment that everything would be fine and I was secure. \"Good. This is not finished yet so if you want, you can occupy yourself for half an hour. I will call when it is ready.\" He smiled at me and touched my shoulder lightly. I shivered from the touch and he drew back his hand. We blushed in embarrassment and I turned away to see the rest of the house, hoping that my cheeks would get cooler. If a simple touch could bring out of my senses, then what could a kiss do? Safe and secure. Nothing would happen without my permission. I decided to go upstairs again, to see Raphael this time. We would maybe have problems communicating, but I am sure we would understand each other anyway.[Chapter 12] Chapter 12 Raphael was sitting on his bed, in a room full of papers everywhere. It seemed to be lyrics, probably written by him. He was playing guitar and did not notice me until I stood near him. He was scared, at the point that he almost dropped his guitar. \"Do not...afraid me!\" I raised my hands in front of me, to indicate that I meant no harm. \"I did not mean to scare you. Sorry for intruding like that.\" He shook his head and looked back at me with a small smile on his lips. \"It okay. I disappear playing this.\" His English was obviously very limited but I understood him well enough. Music was his way of evading from the real world; he was an artist in heart and soul. \"Do you want to play for me? Maybe one of your compositions?\" I picked up a sheet of paper and looked at it. It was all in Spanish of course but Raphael tore it from my hands. \"No! Private!\" He looked at me with anxiety, like he expected me to laugh at him. \"I don't want to laugh at you! I think you are a talented artist. I would really want to hear your voice.\" After a lot of convincing, he finally agreed to play for me. He had a nice voice, very deep and enjoyable. Shabe walked by and joined in the song. They knew exactly how to improve each other and had a real talent for duets. At the end of the song, I clapped in my hands and Raphael blushed deeply. Shabe was on the other side very pleased and she had an affective hand on her brother's shoulder. \"He is very talented. Many don't know, but the songs we play at La Rosa Negra are his compositions. Even the other band members don't know because Raphael likes to keep it quiet but I hope he will find the courage to make himself known.\" Raphael smiled at her with affection and put his hand on hers. I was touched by this scene and was hesitant to interrupt it. Luckily, Shabe stopped me from doing it. \"Katey, do you want to see my parents' bedroom?\" I felt hesitant. \"Is it wise?\" \"Don't worry. I would be glad if you wanted to see it. Take a look, it is the door to the right.\" I nodded and went to the door she had indicated. Alma's bedroom was…beautiful, in lack of others words. The walls were in a red tone, like the kitchen downstairs. A huge bed was the biggest furniture here, and almost the only. There was a small makeup table with mirror and everything. On the left side of the bed, there was a chest of drawers, which probably served as wardrobe, with pictures on it. There were a few but important ones. There was a wedding photo of Alma and her husband, and I could find the likeness between Javier, Carlos, Raphael and their father. Each brother had a characteristic of him but it was Javier who liked the most like his father. The shape of the face and the mouth were the same. On another photo, one could see two boys playing with maracas. I assumed it was Carlos and Javier. To see Javier as a boy was something. He had nothing of the serious traits that could be found on his face now, but the innocent and childish features of a happy child. It must have been a happy moment of their lives, carefree and no idea of what the future awaited them. I sat down on the bed and fell back on the cushions. So far so good. I would stay for dinner and then maybe go home if they had a phone so I could call Andrés. If they didn't…God knows what I would do. I could not sleep here, not when I knew Javier was not far away. We were maybe friends now but I was not sure he wanted to stay that way. For my part, I had taken Javier with me in my heart to America but he had gradually faded because of my absolute conviction that I would find a nice American guy to marry with. People expected girls to marry and to take care of their kids. I had believed it too. In New York, I had had a few relationships with men, they had not last more than a few months but I had tried. Susie I know had met a guy she liked, she told me of it a few weeks ago. \"Katey!\" she cried, \"I am in love!\" \"Oh, with who?\" \"I met him trough my history class. I think he likes me.\" She had behaved like she did when she was extremely happy, jumping from place to place and laughing heartily at anything. \"Okay, but don't marry him unless you are completely sure that you know it is him you want. And keep your independence; don't let him make you a slave by making you stay at home. You know that you have the choice of controlling the number of kids you want to have.\" \"Yeah, yeah. I promise. How is your love life going?\" I didn't answer her question but started to think of it afterwards. Several guys had been so in love that they had proposed to me after two months. I had declined and after that, they had never called me back. It was like they had not loved me, but the image I bring to their mind. The loving, careful and adorable wife. What was I doing here then? And what happened if something happened between me and Javier? Would I give up everything I had build up for myself in New York and live here or would I leave him once more? No. NO. Nothing was going to happen. As Elinor said, I needed to move on with my life. A life with Javier was impossible. Somebody yelled and interrupted my thoughts. I realized that it was Javier who said that the dinner was ready. Shabe and Raphael's rooms were empty so I assumed they were all waiting for me downstairs. And so it was. The dinner table was set and the siblings were waiting impatiently for the food to arrive. Abuelito was also there, finally arrived from whatever had been keeping him. I sat down at the left of Shabe, who smiled at me with glittering eyes. \"I am starving! Aren't you?\" Javier came in with the pot and placed it on the table. I smiled at Shabe. \"Yes I am. It smells delicious Javier.\" He sat down on the bench in front of me, smiling too with full teeth visible. \"It tastes even more delicious, so help yourself.\" I took a piece of the chicken and some rice. It just melted in my mouth and I closed my eyes in pleasure. I took my time, enjoying every piece in my mouth. Raphael and Shabe were eating very fast, like they were in a hurry. Javier was not offended by this but smiled with affection at them both. Javier served me wine and it was exquisite. Abuelito had gone to his room, Shabe had whispered in my ear that he always did that now for a reason nobody knew. \"How can food taste so heavenly here?\" Javier raised an eyebrow. \"You don't have good food in America?\" I swallowed the chicken I had in my mouth and smiled. \"Yes, of course. You can choose between so many different cuisines now but nothing is the same as Cuban cuisine. I believe that my visit here spoiled me for any other sort of cuisine.\" \"We did a good job with that, didn't we?\" I started to think about all the others things that he did \"a good job\" in and Javier obviously thought the same. The table was silent until Shabe and Raphael asked to leave the table. Their request was accepted and I was left alone with Javier. \"So tell me,\" began Javier, \"How is your family doing?\" \"They are all fine. Susie had started in college, she is studying to become a history teacher I think, but I am not sure because she changes her subjects all the wanted to be a nurse before, but then it was a librarian, a lawyer and so on. My parents have started dancing again. Now that their daughters are gone, they enjoy each other a bit more.\" \"That is good. They don't have to worry about you and Susie so they enjoy themselves.\" I took some more chicken and Javier poured more wine in my glass. \"Yeah, I should know that they had had a difficult life. Did you know that their parents did not want them to marry?\" \"I did not know that. Why could they not marry?\" asked Javier before he took a sip of his wine. \"My mother's parents did not approve my father; they thought him not rich enough. At last, they agreed but it was only because my father got a job at Ford, and they probably assumed that was good enough for my mother.\" \"Did your mother approve of me?\" The question was so unexpected that I dropped the glass of wine in my hand and the liquid spread itself on my dress, making it look like I had murdered someone. Javier was soon at his feet to fetch a towel to clean up the mess, but the dress was already ruined. Javier came back soon enough and stood in front of me, not knowing whether he should clean my dress with the towel or hand it over to me. I decided for him and took the towel from his hands. I dried the wine that was dropping on the floor but it was useless. \"Don't bother,\" said I when Javier wanted to run for another towel, \"it is already too late.\" \"You can borrow one of my mother's dresses. No, no it is fine!\" said he when I wanted to object. He took my hand, which send an electrical pulse directly to my stomach but I did not take it back. We walked by Shabe and Raphael's rooms, which must have seen us hand in hand and into Alma's room. \"I think you can find one yourself. Choose the one you like while I go down and undress the table.\" He went down, not without a last glance at my wine-covered dress and I went to the drawers, where I hoped to find a dress in my size. I took several out, to compare their sizes. They were quite big so even if I found one quite small, I would still swim inside. I found one that was red with white dots, which fit me quite well. The fabric was really smooth and light at the same time. I twirled a bit and took the dirty dress on one arm. I wondered what Shabe and Raphael were doing. I peeked inside Raphael's room and find him playing on his guitar and interrupting it at times to write down lyrics. Shabe was reading something, what it was I don't know but it made her laugh. Downstairs, the table was clean and empty again and Javier was nowhere in sight. I went through the entrance door and find him seated at the table in the courtyard. When he heard my steps, he turned around and looked at me intensively. \"You look good in that dress. You should wear those more often.\" I blushed, feeling hopelessly glad and shy over the compliment. \"The weather in New York does not really allow for this kind of dresses. You are spoiled with the sun all year round.\" I sat down on the chair next to him. He became thoughtful and looked really serious. I wondered what thoughts could make him look so grave. \"Would I have liked it? Live in America?\" I was surprised for the second time at the unexpected question but luckily, no wine was near to ruin my dress. I figured that a frank answer was the best. \"No. You would have hated it. USA is not a friendly country. They hate immigrants as much as you hate gringos. Think of your family, of your mother! No, this was the best solution.\" \"How can you know that? Maybe I would have loved it and our lives would have been better there than here. My brother would not have had to move to Russia or my mother to die.\" He looked really distressed, maybe on the edge of crying so I put my hand over his and pressed it gently. He flinched but did not move his hand. \"No, you could not have changed the destiny. Your brother was an adult and made his own decisions. But it was selfish because it made your mother sad. But you did as you promised; you took care of your siblings.\" I stopped. I have had some things that I wanted to say but not really sure if it was time to say it. \"I…I almost expected you would be married by now.\" This time, his reaction was extreme. He jumped to his feet and looked at me with shocked eyes. \"Me? Married? How can you think that?\" I felt embarrassed. Did I really have to tell him the reason? But there was no turning point now. \"Well…I expected you would forget me soon. So I gave up and hoped you would be happy with your wife.\" \"How can you think that? Don't you know me at all?\" This was surely leading to trouble. How could I explain to him all the pain I have felt when I decided to let him go? How I imagined his wife to be? To be able to touch him, to kiss him and hear him laugh…jealousy had nourished my love for Javier for months before I decided to stop thinking about Javier. \"It is getting late, I should go home.\" I looked at my watch and found it to be over eight. I hoped Daniel was not worried too much but I was sure he was expecting me to tell him every detail of my absence. I really hoped they had a phone and I was going to ask for that but Javier spoke first. \"You are not getting anywhere. I won't let you get caught by the secret police or raped in a corner.\" He shivered and I could see some of his anger leave his shoulder, because he was less tense. \"Come, you will sleep in my mother's room.\" \"Is that wise?\" I felt like I was intruding on a private ground but Javier just shook his head. \"It is what my mother would have wanted.\" \"If you say so.\" I shrugged my shoulders nonchalantly but was really afraid on the inside. To sleep in the same house as Javier, to know he was near was a scary thought but immediately scolded myself for being such a loser. Again, nothing would happen if I did not allow it. He went upstairs and I followed him to accept the towel and objects people were given when staying over. I decided to tell Shabe that I was staying over and she was overexcited. \"We can share secrets and stay up late!\" This was objected by her brother, who said she needed to wake up early tomorrow. I felt sorry for her, she obviously missed sisterly affection. I whispered in her ear that we could have a private moment any time she wanted. This made her happy again and we smiled conspiringly at Javier, who had no idea of what we were smiling of. I was granted first access to the bathroom and I brushed my teeth while looking at myself in the mirror. Cuba had made me beautiful, my cheeks were red and the skin had a darker tone than usual. When I went into Alma's room, I panicked. What did women wear here when they slept? In New York every woman wore a complete pyjama with top and pants unless they were naked of course. I assumed that the hot weather made it impossible for women to wear warm pyjamas. I looked in Alma's drawers and found a silky dress that maybe served as a nightdress. I put it on and it sighed of delight. It was as smooth as feathers and light as air. I walked to the window. It was bare, without curtains and weather bitten glass that must have survived many hurricanes and cyclones. The sun was just on the edge between sky and the ground, colouring the sky in an orange and pink tone. It was beautiful and I absorbed the view with my entire being. It was magical and made me feel alive. I was \"in the clouds\" and did not hear the knock on the door or the door opening. \"It's beautiful, isn't it?\" I startled and turned around, only to see Javier standing in the doorway, with a smile on his lips. I smiled too, still happily aroused by my admiration of the sunset. \"I never get tired of sunsets, they are magical. Unfortunately, New York has too many buildings to let anyone admire sunsets. You have to live in the country to do that.\" I babbled and remarked that I was nervous for some reason; perhaps it was the strangle sparkle in Javier's eyes. \"I wasn't speaking of the sunset, mi guapa ninfa.\" I had no idea what he had just said but he sounded wonderful, like a caress on the skin. I smiled and something electrifying passed in the air, it was pulsating, right there, between Javier and me. It was so strong that if Javier had come forward to kiss me, I would not have protested. But nothing happened because Javier said goodnight and was off with a flash. I realized when he had closed the door, that the \"thing\" in the air had been desire. I shook my head, like it was going to help against anything. How weak I had been at that moment! He wanted me still. I was on a mission, I had a job to do and I would not and should not forget it. I would tell him tomorrow that he maybe wanted more but I could not let it happen. Bring us together again would only be a terrible mistake for everyone. And with that knowledge, I went to bed[Chapter 13] Chapter 13 The sun woke me up, yes; the giant yellow ball was shining angrily in my face. I had an urgent need to pee. I left the bed and went downstairs. As a true adult, I could not wake up without coffee, and I was struggling to make sense of where I was. After a moment of blind searching, I found it and smashed the door in my hurry. The house at this moment of the day was quiet and quite fresh. It was peaceful and I felt fine, totally relaxed in the house where I used to be so often. But the house seemed dead at the same time, it was probably more alive when Alma and Carlos were living here. It was now an evidence of the cruelty of the world and a family's need to survive the horrors of life. I went to the living room, which had a door on the courtyard, which looked like a stable's door. I saw that the bench I had spent my night on was still there, standing in his loneliness. The library had few but worn books, where I could recognize José Marti and other Cuban writers. I was surprised to see Persuasion among the books, I had no idea how he could get a Jane Austen novel here in Cuba. The cover had been disguised to resemble another book but it was no doubt Persuasion but in Cuban and with the title \"persuasión\". It was strange, because I have not been able to read persuasion after my stay in Cuba, because of its resemblance with our story and of my firm conviction that we would never see each other again. I was wrong and maybe Persuasion could help me to handle this situation. I quickly put it back on the shelf, in case somebody would wake in and I considered making myself breakfast. In the kitchen, I looked in cupboards, drawers and everywhere I was sure to find elements for my breakfast. I did not know whether they sliced the bread with a knife, like the British or if they simply tore it apart, like the French. I decided to tear it and eat it without any butter. I found the coffee and mixed it with water the pan. The smell of sweet coffee soon came to my nostrils and I enjoyed the warm coffee in an old mug, that looked like it had seen better days. Despite the obvious noise I must have emitted, no one came down to see what it was. I wonder when they woke up and how early they were supposed to leave for their respective businesses. I had to wake up early every day so I could be at the office in time and assist at the meeting where Richard decided what needed to be covered, the latest news and everything related to the business of journalism. Jogging had just become a popular sport and I was one of them who enjoyed running on the streets, contemplating New York as it woke up to meet his stressed inhabitants. I wanted to jog here as well, but I was afraid that I would venture myself in dangerous zones. After being completely sure that I was done with breakfast, I went upstairs to change to the borrowed dress. My other had been ruined yesterday, which was a shame because it was the only I had brought. Oh well, I would do just fine without it. I found a comb in a drawer and made my hair a little less messy. Downstairs, Shabe was pouring coffee to worn out cup. \"Hey! Already awake? I see that you have made coffee.\" She grabbed a piece of bread before she sat down in front of me. \"We rarely make coffee these days.\" \"Why not?\" Life without coffee was a sin and every New York citizen would agree with me. \"Nobody takes the time to do it. Everyone sleep in late and have only the time to grab a fruit before leaving the house. It is a pity because I really enjoy coffee but I guess routines stay.\" \"I always wake up early. It is in my nature as much as a preference. My job as a journalist requires me to wake up early to be ready for any possible interesting news. Most of the things I write about takes place later on the day but my job as a waitress in a café leave its marks, I guess.\" \"You worked as a waitress? I am working like one now, It is really amusing.\" Shabe's eyes were sparkling. My career as waitress had been short but I had disliked it intensely, the job was a sign of a hopeless dream of a better future and I have feared that I would spend the rest of my life as a waitress. Luckily, it was not the case. But I wondered of the prospects of a young, ambitious and beautiful woman like Shabe. She was obviously very talented but I hoped in my all heart that she would not end up working in that place forever. She deserved more than this. Had she been in the US, she probably could have tried for a model or maybe a career at Hollywood. I felt a feeling of protection toward her, I felt like protecting her against all the evils that she might encounter. \"It is not as glamorous as it seems. I liked it most in the mornings, where people would discuss their problems over their bagels but in the evening, drunk and immoral men would take every opportunity to pinch my bum. I cannot understand why you seem to like it so much. You would actually be perfect as model or even an actress. Singers face terrible challenges, but you might say, so do models and actresses as well.\" \"I want to be an actress or a model. My brothers think it is dangerous to have such ambitions and of course they are right. They do not really disapprove, they just know as well as I do, how useless it is to think that artists can become anything here. At least, not if you want to end up imprisoned or even dead in a ditch somewhere. I get enough paid and I should be satisfied but I can't really stop dreaming.\" I could only nod at this realistic depiction of Cuban life because I understood the challenges of living in a totalitarian state. Raphael, Shabe and Javier did not seem to like the situation but they did not seem to blame Castro for their situation. He was still seen as the person who had liberated them from Batista. I should not be the person telling them the real character of their leader; after all, they did not tell me if Johnson had any dark secrets. I looked at the clock and was reminded that it was early yet but I needed to get back to the hotel. Daniel was probably wondering where I was and the Suarez would soon be on their way out. Javier appeared and smiled when he saw Shabe and me. \"Hey. Did you sleep well?\" His tone was casual, the memories of the electrified moment seemed gone from his mind. I can say, I had not forgotten it. Therefore, my tone was not as casual. \"Yes. Thank you. I see you are about to leave, I should be heading for the hotel as well.\" He nodded and prepared a sandwich in what seemed like a second. \"I know but let me accompany you on the way. The factory lies in the direction of the hotel so I can keep you company. Let me just call the rest and we will be going.\" I had scarcely time to blink before Raphael and Shabe was ready to go and putting their shoes on. Shabe had told me that Raphael was too young to work yet so he visited the free school that taught young boys the basic skills of reading, writing and counting. He would quit school at fifteen to work like his sister. Shabe and Raphael parted from us and Javier and I were alone again. I did not know which topic to talk about but Javier made it easier by keeping himself busy. He ate his sandwich slowly, as to enjoy every piece. This was a trick used by many people to be satisfied with little food. Javier would probably not get food until many hours later so he fooled the stomach by thinking it had eaten plenty of food. I took half an hour to reach the hotel by walking so there was time to talk about whatever was awkward.[Chapter 14] Chapter 14 I decided after a moment of silence to start with the topic that occupied my mind the most. \"I, I feel sorry for Shabe.\" He turned to me with his surprise look. \"Why for?\" \"Well, she obviously meant for something more than being a waitress. Had she been in America, she would have been a model by now. Or an actress. She got the potential of being something great.\" \"But this is Cuba, she must get used to sacrifices. She will get used to it, I promise. Now she is young and ambitious, dreams are okay to have but she will return to Earth sooner or later.\" It made me angry. Could he not see her beauty, her talent? She was meant for something more, I knew it. But maybe… \"What if she came with me back to New York? I could help her with her career and she would live with me!\" I felt excited at the idea because it would feel like having a sister again. Susie was of course my real sister but she was 25 and didn't really need my help. Shabe would bloom in New York. \"Out of the question! You should not put grill in her head, making her believe she can be someone. She is Cuban in heart and soul and she should accept that life is difficult even for teenage girls. She will grow up and marry a man that will make her happy and she will be safe.\" \"You sound absolutely like my father. Deep down, USA and Cuba are the same, believe that girls cannot be anything these days that they are born to marry, have kids and please their arrogant husbands! Shabe has potential to be really great and you refuse to let her be happy on her own! You of anyone I thought to agree with me! It was you that wanted to come to America in the first place!\" I was breathing heavily and my face was probably red from anger. My disgust for Javier was great at the moment and I wanted to be alone, to tear myself from this Javier that had changed so much. My pace was quicker but his legs were longer than mine so I could not really outpace him. I was like a bull, head down, full speed forward. Javier stopped my race by planting himself in front of me. \"Look, I don't want to argue with you. It is clear that our opinions are different on this so do not trouble yourself of explaining it to me. I get it; Shabe is to stay here, where she will be miserable for the rest of her life. She is your sister after all.\" I waved nonchalantly with my hand. His eyes were wandering left and right before he looked at me. \"Don't be so insulted. You have lived too much in America to remember that things are different here. They teach us to be content with what we earn and that includes also our fate. Shabe knows very well that she will never be a singer or an actress. She is young still and let herself dream. You will just make it worse by letting her believe that there is a world better than the one she was born in. Besides, Raphael is everything to his sister, would you really want to tear Shabe from her brother?\" Guilt and shame replaced the anger but I could not help to feel that it would save her life as well. Beauty was a reward and a curse at the same time. The situation could easily make the balance trip over. \"I'm sorry Javier. It was wrong of me to say such things. But I do believe that Shabe knows her situation. She is intelligent and beautiful. It is just that I would want her miserable with a man she would not love.\" \"I know Katey and I will take care of that. Any man will keep his hands off my sister until she is 30 if I can help it.\" I laughed despite of myself. \"Good luck with that. All men want to own beauty. I'm sure there are already hundreds of suitors waiting to take her virginity. It is always what they want. Love is not important as long as they can enjoy it.\" \"Is this what you think of me? That I was only after sex?\" I became conscious that I had spoken too fast. Bitterness had made sceptical for men' ability to be honest. Several boyfriends had cheated on me and assured me that they loved me. It was a fashionable way of living in New York, have multiple girls at the same time. True love was something vaguely familiar. But what should I say to Javier to convince him that our relationship had been different? \"No. I never thought that. I have experienced that men often seek pleasure more than love. Love is overrated these days in America Javier, the only thing people want is kids and money. Women just start to get independent but once you have kids, you stuck at home with them all day while your husband possess all the money. It is like your prisons here only that the décor is different.\" My speech must have been puzzling because Javier did not see anything. What could he have said? The silence became quickly oppressing and very much awkward. Luckily, the hotel was in sight so I could start to figure out how I would take my leave. We stopped in front of the grey building and tried to say something sensible. \"So thanks for the dinner and everything. I enjoyed it.\" I hoped it was neutral enough but I had this strange feeling that I did not want to leave Javier just yet. From being angry with him before, I wished now not to leave him. But I didn't want to show how much I wanted things to be like before, to be the careless teenagers again. But we were adults with obligations and duties. \"I'm glad you enjoyed it. Next time you'll have to cook for us.\" \"No way. You would be sick just by the smell of the food.\" He laughed heartily and I smiled despite of myself. \"Then I guess not. Take care of yourself and we will…see each other?\" \"I guess so. Bye then.\" You would not find any take leave more embarrassing than this. I went inside and I felt his gaze upon me. I have barely arrived here and I have seen Javier more than three times already! I needed some space to be alone and think about all of this. To see Javier had been great, but it was not my priority. Nay, maybe it was. It feels like I had forgotten the woman I had become and lost myself to the teenager I used to be. I was here on a serious mission and I needed to find Daniel. I found him in the breakfast room, looking very enthusiastic when he saw me. \"So…when are you going to tell me that you are acquainted with sexy Cubans men?\" I sat down at the table and smiled mischievously. I ordered coffee even though I wasn't thirsty. \"We barely know each other, why should I tell you about my friends?\" \"I know honey, but people usually say that talking to strangers is easier than talk to friends.\" I reflected about it and decided that Daniel was trustworthy and would probably listen to my story without judging. So I told him the entire story, from the beginning of the relationship to the break up without forgetting to include the recent days. Daniel listened without flinching and nodded to show that he listened. At the end of my story, I breathed out heavily, feeling like a big stone had been removed from my heart. I never had told so much about myself to anyone, not even my parents. \"I see. I don't need to tell that you are in a complicated situation; I think you know already it. What I can say for my part is you need to figure out what you want out of this. You're friends, right?\" \"Yes, I think so. But every time I see him I can't help myself from thinking what we had before I left.\" \"You live too much in the past. I think it might help you to talk with Javier about what you both had and what you want now. Obviously, if he makes you think than it is clear that you still have feelings for him. Take a day to think about it. Why are you feeling the way you do around him? Can you forget the past and move on like friends? If we would leave Cuba today, would there be something you would want to Javier? Many questions I know but the answers are even more interesting. Take a day to think about it. Andrés is coming any minute now.\" What did I want? Friendship, a second chance or some funny entertainment while staying in Cuba? Anne Elliot never had to make these choices because she loved her Frederick even though she still considered a life with her cousin. It was some questions that needed serious consideration and could not be answered in a whim.[Chapter 15] Chapter 15 Andrés arrived at the hotel just as we finished our breakfast. He looked very upset and sad at the same time. The reason why was soon known. \"There will be no prison visit today. My contact said they became suspicious so it is better that we wait until tomorrow. Otherwise the rumors will spread and you will be in danger.\" \"But what should we do instead? There is nothing to do otherwise.\" Andrés smiled so you could see all his teeth. \"You could go to the beach.\" Daniel looked worried. \"Isn't that risky? White people among Cubans could appear a little suspect.\" I nodded in agreement. It wasn't like we could mix with the crowd very easily but I looked forward to spend a day at the beach. Andrés shook off the fears like a fly. \"No problem. You can go to the Russian part of the beach. Just look superior and proud and you will be fine. Don't talk to anyone and even less with each other.\" Daniel and I looked at each other and something in that look made it. I had a question to Andrés burning on my lips at the moment. \"Do you think it is possible that I could make a phone call back home?\" He hesitated but his answer was straightforward. \"I think you can but I am afraid that they listen to phone conversations. Who would like to call?\" \"My friend Elinor. She understands me like no one else so I can certainly sound cryptic and she would still understand the underlying message. But I cannot ask them at the reception, can I?\" \"No, but come with me. You can call your friend from my house.\" We agreed that Daniel and I would take our bathing clothes and we would all go to Andrés' house so I could make my phone call from there. His house was no far away and we became acquainted with Andrés' family. He had a pretty wife, with gentle brown eyes, and five kids all energetic and beautiful. I dialed the number and hoped that she would answer. \"Hello?\" \"Missy? The train is leaving at schedule and everyone is onboard. Make sure everyone is correctly sited at their places.\" And with that, I hang up. Elinor and I had agreed that a coded message would leave no mark and be efficient. The sentences were a code for \"everything is fine. Tell everyone I am perfectly safe.\" Elinor would alert my boss, my parents and my sister that I was alive and well. Daniel and I left Andrés and his family, promising them that we would dine with them this evening. Now the beach awaited us and we were excited despite the risks and we were almost singing when we arrived to the Russian beach. We checked ourselves and walked on the white sand with the air of knowing exactly who we were, what we did and why we were here. Andrés was right, the Russians were almost as white as the sand they were lying on and our light skin was passed unnoticed. We found a spot in the shadows and lied down, extremely glad at the idea of spending an entire day at the beach. It was almost like we forgot why we were here in the first place. Daniel took pictures and I read a book, making sure no one could see it was in English. In theory, we were enemies. I could not understand why people had not noticed us yet because people usually said they could make the difference between an American and a Russian but here, no one noticed, perhaps due to our haughty air. I really hoped that this Cold war would end one day, but now it looked unlikely. The problems arose from the Second World War. I remember it well. I had been four when the war ended. I could only remember the happiness people showed on the streets but it was not like the US had experienced any of the monstrosities Europe had been trough. Nobody had expected that it meant the beginning of another war. I had put on a lot of sun lotion, so hopefully I wouldn't get sunburned otherwise my stay in Cuba would be terribly painful. Several hours passed and we opened our picnic basket, made by Andrés' kind wife. Everything was delicious and we licked our fingers in delight. Cubans really knew how to make good food. The clock passed three and we decided to return to the hotel. I took a quickie in the water to cool down. The water was fresh and nice. I was conscious that everyone could see me so I hurried out, eager to be back on safe ground. The hotel was in sight soon enough and we talked all the way, sharing our emotions about the afternoon, since we had been silent on the beach. We were ashamed that a day at the beach could make us forget so soon our duties but we promised ourselves that we would do better tomorrow.[Chapter 16] Chapter 16 The hotel was cool and dark when we arrived. To come inside hurt a little after spending an entire day out in the sun. The day had gone fast and it was time to change for the dinner at Andrés' house. I changed to something simple and elegant: a simple black blazer and my favorite white skirt. I was conscious that fashion was changing to the most outrageous things, an example was the hippy style which was quickly becoming popular. I was maybe old-fashioned but I liked classical and single design like Chanel, and the skirt had cost me a fortune but it was worth it. Sorry about the talk of fashion, I got carried away. Anyway, Daniel was waiting in the reception when I walked down the stairs and he, and all the others males in the room, stared at me with awe. I was flattered by the appreciative glances because it is nice for a woman to feel that your great efforts are not wasted. Daniel looked at me teasingly and planted a light kiss on my hand. \"Honey, you could kill with that look. Where did you find that lipstick? I think my partner would love it.\" I laughed. He was talking of my red lipstick, which was an indispensable accessory for me in my everyday life. It was weird in the sixties to wear red lipstick for a woman and for a man too but it was part of my image as someone who never did what everyone else did. \"I will tell you later. Come, I do not like to attract more attention than I already do.\" We headed to Andrés's house, who had given very detailed instructions on how to get there. They were so detailed that we were there in a flash and got lost only once. Andrés himself opened and we got welcomed to the warm and inviting house. It was a tad smaller than Javier's house, which was odd compared to the difference in family size. The kitchen and living-room was one big room with a big wooden table in the middle who served as dinner-table and were the family socialized. Andrés explained that they educated their children to be open-minded but also critical about the knowledge they received from various sources but the most important of all, they were taught about the value of a family and an idle hear to listen to each other. In that way, they kept together and Andrés was confident that his kids would make something of themselves when they would become older. He introduced us to everyone, whom I had noticed had been told to be clean and well-mannered because they came forward to great with a firm shake of the hand. They were all boys, aged from fifteen to five. I could not help but admire Andrés' wife, who could not have it easy with all this energetic boys around her. Now I could make a more detailed description of the woman I had merely taken a glimpse before. Ana had brown curly hair, a brown I would call milk chocolate with hazel eyes and tanned skin. She was beautiful, she had the natural charm of a happy wife and mother. She took me aside and brought me to the kitchen where I was told to slice the tomatoes. Her English was not very good but still a little better than my Spanish. She talked of her youth and I was surprised to hear that she was thirty-five because if you saw her, you would really believe she was ten years younger. Chance, Ana said, had followed throughout her entire life. She also said that she knew that women in her country were not as privileged as her. It had been love at first sight. Andrés' family was quite rich and her family had consented eagerly to the match. I asked why they didn't live in a bigger house. \"The money help us to pay for children. They go to school and is what I want for them.\" \"I understand, said I while I was slicing the last tomato, Education is the biggest gift a child can get. I guess food is expensive too?\" She nodded. \"Andrés has…she waved with her hand in irritation while she was searching the word, no siblings?\" \"He is the only child?\" \"Si and parents are dead so all money go to us. My parents… She paused for a moment and looked very sad so I guessed that something very terrible had happened to them. My guess was totally correct. My parents killed when rebels confronted with police. An accident. Five years ago.\" I didn't know what to say or do but my first reaction was to give her a hug. She was surprised of the gesture and smiled at me afterwards. \"Thank you. But now dinner is ready.\" I helped her set the table and she called everyone, who had disappeared to the second floor. I was surprised how organized the family was. The boys waited in turn to get served which is quite extraordinary. You could see that Andrés loved his wife passionately. During the dinner, he would talk to us but reach out for Ana's hand and kiss her fingers. Ana had also her way of showing her affection. When the dinner was finished, she passed behind him with her handful of dishes and bend down to kiss him in the neck, forgetting that the dishes were dangerously on the point to fall on the ground. Unfortunately for us the hour was getting really late. The evening had gone so fast that I had hardly noticed that the night has fallen. Andrés and Ana were entertaining and eager to speak about anything but mostly interested in the US. They wanted to know what life was like and if it was beautiful. Daniel and I had looked at each other and asked ourselves how much we could tell and what we could tell. We tried to tell the truth but without making it seem like Cuba was hell. I think at the end of the evening, Andrés and Ana had got an account about USA which wasn't romantic nor particularly harsh but just realistic. I didn't know if they were happy here or if they wanted to move to the US. They would be safe there with a better education for the children and better opportunities for them. After all, they weren't without money as I could figure from Andrés. I particularly remember Operation Peter Pan a few years ago and I think everything was going well for the children now. I sincerely hoped they could take the step to move but it meant to leave their life as it was here and create a totally new one in the US. It took time for me to say goodbye to Ana because she always came up with new questions about USA. It wasn't until Andrés decided that the conversation was over and that he would follow us back home that we finally made it. Daniel and I promised Ana to come back for Christmas. We walked back home with the certain assurance that we had spent a very good evening.[Chapter 17] Chapter 17 I woke up with a slight headache, which I thought was normal considered what had happened yesterday. I realized also when I took my shower that I had not thought of my job for two days. I didn't have so much to give my boss and Amnesty so I decided to record my impressions. I spent an hour for this before my stomach decided to give a little gurgle. I had not had any breakfast yet! I hid my notes and recordings in my bag, which I placed under the bed \"in case of\". Nothing much had happened in a few days, mostly us having fun in Havana. I had visited two prisons so far and I didn't know how many more were needed to get an accurate depiction of the dictatorship in Cuba. Oh well, maybe everything would sort out in the end. It was nine in the morning and when passing through Daniel's room, I wondered if he was awake. I knocked but nobody answered so I guessed he was already in the dining-room. Something was wrong though, I could feel it. No danger or so but…eh, never mind. In the dining room, a few people were eating breakfast and everyone was turning their heads at my entrance. The room got silent and I could decipher some whispers about the \"beautiful blonde with the mysterious job\" or something which turned my blood cold: \"she looks like a spy\". I swallowed my saliva and made a very audible \"gulp\" or so I thought at least. I sat down at a table, still feeling everybody's eyes on me. I would warn Andrés and Daniel that we needed to be more discrete in the future because the rumors could spread. Still, the people here were foreigners: some minor Russian businessmen, a few tourists from China and Mexico and diverse people. But if the people started to talk, the hotel workers would pick up the gossip. I was certain that the housemaids were gossiping as well. I was afraid that some maid would go in and maybe discover my notes and my tape recorder. It was all in English but what normal tourist had a tape recorder under her bed? I could not tell the reception either. It would certainly look suspicious if I asked them to leave my room alone. It was a risk I would not take. I simply needed a safe place to hide them. Anyway, I ordered breakfast and looked around to see if Daniel was coming. The people around me had started talking again and the different languages were combined to create a loud concerto. My breakfast came and I ate healthily. I was also very thirsty, something that had to be due the exotic meal I ate last night. I ate quite quickly because I was not done with my notes. I had two more pages to fill with my impressions and opinions. I sincerely hoped we would visit at least two more prisons, out of the hundred that existed around Havana. I entered the reception in the same moment Andrés entered hotel. We saw each other at the same time and smiled. \"Senorita! Have you slept well? I hope your throat was not too dry? I can guess that our food must taste very spicy for you from USA.\" I smiled. \"Thanks Andrés. The food tasted wonderfully, make sure you say to Ana one more time even though I must have said a thousand times.\" \"Si, claro. I have good news for you.\" Andrés grinned. \"Only good? There is always bad news when somebody says they have good news.\" Andrés' smile dropped. \"Si Senorita. The good news is that I have convinced some prison directors to let you visit.\" My jaw dropped. Several? But what about being discovered? \"Great\" What is the bad news?\" \"The bad news is that people have started to talk about you. I hear here and there about the blonde girl and her photographer who had been seen visiting prisons. Havana is not small but in the wrong circles the rumours can spread to the secret police. And then I am afraid that it will create a diplomatic conflict great enough to create war between Cuba and the US.\" \"All of this, because of me?! What do you suggest I do?\" I was revolted. And what Andrés didn't say was I would also be thrown in prison. Oh, I am sure it would upset the American Government and Amnesty but what could they really do about it? I remember the Cuban missile crisis a few years ago and would the US really sacrifice illusionary peace with the Soviet Union for a journalist and a photographer? I don't think so. \"Stay low for a while. I can take Daniel with me. He is a man so they will trust him more. Besides, it is you who is the centre of curiosity in Havana. Daniel will nevertheless have to leave his camera behind. Authorities don't like photographers very much.\" \"Okay. I nodded. I knew that I would not visit any prisons for a while and my heart sank. What did I suppose to do instead? Sit in my room for days? I would go mad. What can I do instead Andrés. I can't go out, I must stay inside because otherwise someone will see me in town. What can I do?\" \"Oh oh why so sad faces? Life is bliss!\" Daniel had joined them and looked fresh and clean just like someone who had just been to a spa. I watched him suspiciously. Where had he been? And why had not he answered the door? \"May I ask where you had been?\" Daniel's smile grew bigger. \"Oh nowhere, I just took my beauty sleep. I feel fresh as a daisy this morning!\" \"Well I am sorry but I don't. See you later.\" Angry and jealous at Daniel, I left the reception and went into my room, making sure to close my door as loudly as I can. Daniel must have been told about the news because he knocked at my door and said he was sorry but if he took my notes, he could maybe write down something for me. Andrés had said that it was not too risky as long as Daniel was discrete. I opened my door and saw Daniel standing there, looking guilty. I gave him my notes. \"Don't look so ashamed. Here. Have fun!\" And I smashed the door again. Just great. A boring room for myself and nothing to do. This was going to be fun.[Chapter 18] Chapter 18 I did some work, took a shower, slept a little, ordered lunch, read Emma , reflected on Emma for a bit and then finally decided that I was bored. YES. Utterly, completely, totally bored. Almost an entire day had passed. Why were not they home yet? It was too warm to stay inside in a hotel room but the air was warmer outside so I didn't know whether to keep the windows open or closed. The son had moved, indicating that it was surely the late afternoon and I had spent my day doing nothing. Surely something must happen! Somebody must have heard me because in the next moment, somebody knocked on the door. I thought to myself that yes! They were back! I opened the door faster than the cheetah ran. \"You're back! I was starting to hope you would never come back!\" I shouted at the person in front of me but it turned out be not Andrés and definitively not Daniel. \"I didn't know I was expected?\" Yes. Ladies and Gentlemen. Javier in person. Outside my hotel room. With flowers in his hand. I looked at him with horror and surprise. \"What are you doing here? And what about those flowers?\" He smiled and looked down at the colourful mix of what seemed to be camellias. \"You like them? They are for you.\" Completely destabilised by this, I took them with shaky hands. \"Thanks, but I don't have a vase for them. But come in, if you want.\" He accepted the invitation and went inside while I closed the door and wondered what I would do now. I stood there, by the door and wondered what I should do with the flowers and with Javier. We had left each other in an embarrassing way and it had been almost two days since. I had completely forgotten to think about me and Javier. Somehow I felt that Javier had come to talk about just that. I could not help but feel nervous about it because it meant that subjects that had been discussed in ten years would explode in a cacophony of confessions and I was not sure if I could deal with that. It was about a week until I would go home and anything was possible, which made it not less scary. Meanwhile, Javier was looking at the room. He must have thought it to his taste because he nodded smiling. \"Are you always this organised? It is really hot in here, why don't you open a window. Get some fresh air. He walked to the window and opened it, smiling to some scene happening below. I love Havana in the afternoon. I think it is at its best then. Don't you?\" I put the flowers on my desk and hided my sweaty hands behind my back. It had been a mistake to invite him inside because now his presence was imposed on me and even worse, I was blocking the door. I made myself my own prisoner in this trap. I moved closer to the bed so that the door was available if I wanted him to leave. \"You didn't answer my question. What are you doing here?\" Javier turned around from the window. His expression was hard to read and I dreaded a bit his answer. \"To see you actually. I was coming to apologize for whatever I did wrong since you have been avoiding me for two days. I wanted to see how you were.\" \"Avoiding you? You think I avoided you because of something you did? I have actually a job to do you know. Not entirely true but I wasn't going to tell him that. I didn't come to Cuba to spend time with you.\" \"You don't have to sound so mean. I want to spend time with you, to see who you had become. You seemed to have made a woman of yourself.\" Spend time with me? What was I going to answer to that? \"I am happy with my life Javier. I have a job, my own apartment, a stabile income, a reputation as one of the best journalists of my city and my own circle of friends. I don't need someone to rule my life.\" \"Is that your way of saying love is not included in your so important life? What about me? How long did it take you to forgive me?\" I was completely scared because he brought up intimate subjects that I wasn't ready to answer yet. I guess it was just a matter of time before we had to discuss this. \"It wasn't easy Javier. I wanted to come back immediately but my parents insisted that I needed to continue my education. I went to college and got my journalist degree. In the beginning… I sighed heavily. In the beginning I thought about you all the time. Slowly I understood that a future with you would never be possible and I started to adjust to my new life. I saw all what my friends started to become. Contraception is starting to make the women more conscious about their choices but the ideologies are still there, quite stagnant in time.\" \"Katey, I could never forget you. You were the one who helped me become like this, even though my heart also broke when you left. But what is contraception? It was so absurd. To start with serious confession and end with such a random question. I could not stop it. I started to giggle which ultimately grew into laughter, uncontrollable laughter. When I gradually calmed down and whipped my eyes, I saw that Javier was looking at me like I was a mad person. \"Contraception is when a woman don't want kids and take something to make love with her man without being afraid to have a baby nine months later.\" \"Oh. Do you take it?\" Now it was embarrassing. \"Yes. Yes, I take it.\" From there, I could not explain it but electricity was building up in the air, like something was about to explode. In the next second, or even millisecond, Javier had climbed over the bed and draw me close to him and take my lips in a passionate kiss. My body reacted immediately and I pulled myself closer to him, so close that he lost balance and fell backward on the bed. \"I have waited ten years to do this,\" murmured Javier in my ear. He rolled us so that he was on top of me and from there, nothing could stop our hunger for each other. We tore off her clothes, kissed and touched everywhere we could. We were both more experienced now and gone was the first time when we were horny teenagers. He murmured words in Spanish, words that I didn't understand but sounded so nice, like an extra caress on the skin. By the time he entered me, I had already experienced one orgasm and the absolute conviction that I was lost, lost to a man I had tried to forget and suppress from my mind. He knew how to do it, how to make me reach the crescendo with skilful and effective moves. He came slowly after me and fell over me. Maybe he realised how heavy he was because he rolled off and took me in his arms.[Chapter 19] \"It is strange, is it not?\" We were both lying naked on the bed, too warm and sweaty to even move in the bed, afraid that it would be even warmer if we did. Something like euphoria was going through in my veins and at the moment, I felt good. Really good. All my fears and worries gone. I needed to hold on to the feeling as long as I could before doubts would overcome me again. \"What is strange? Javier asked. He was lying on his back, hands behind his neck and a very satisfied smile on his lips. He looked like Cesar must have looked after Cleopatra slept with him the first time. It was very flattering and irritating mostly because I felt like he had just been waiting for this moment, to get me on my back. \"This. I thought I had it under control and yet this is the evidence that I am weak. I may have some feelings for you after all.\" \"Life is not controllable querida. I can confess that I may have some feelings for you too.\" \"Hello, hello there Katey! What are you do…\" Of course he had to storm in now. It was inevitable. Both Javier and I looked up in horror at the intruder who had literally run into the room. Yes, I am referring of course to Daniel who couldn't help to stick his nose deep in secrets. He stopped talking when he saw us, totally naked and lying in sweat on the small bed. His mouth dropped a little and he just starred before he mumbled something and walked out. But before he left the room, I had time to see his wide grin, a grin you would find on a little boy when he had done something bad which he didn't feel guilty for. How embarrassing! I had not adjusted to the idea that I had slept with Javier and now, I needed to adjust to the idea that Daniel knew something that he could use against me. Daniel and I had developed a relationship pretty much similar to siblings. Therefore, I knew without actually knowing that Daniel would never gossip. And yet, I would need to explain who the man in bed with me was and that was pretty much the difficult part. \"You need to go,\" said I to Javier. He looked confused. \"Why. Aren't we nice here?\" \"We are very nice here. Perhaps too nice. I started to gather my clothes, put my panties on with one hand while gesturing uselessly with the other. The thing is, Javier, that this was meant to be a secret. Yes, a big secret. Nobody would know and I was going to leave in one week without any remorse. But now, the secret is out and I have to confess to another why I was lying in a bed with a man I was sure to feel nothing for! This is all a very big mess!\" He sat up on the bed and looked at me with an intensive look. \"Do you regret this?\" \"No, I do not regret it! But I do not want it to be repeated!\" Could he not see it? \"What happens if we do it again? You fall in love with me again? That must be terrible!\" His tone was sarcastic now and his eyebrows seemed to have become one. \"We live in two different worlds Javier. A future with me is impossible for you. Where shall we live? I will never leave my work to live here in Cuba, a female gringo and to become the wife who cooks dinner and take care of the children! I am an independent woman Javier! A woman without a man at her side and her own economy! I have everything I need and I got it with my own talent, my own sweat and blood. I will not be defeated!\" Something had got into me and it was like I would not stop. You know what? It was good that we never got together because we were not meant to be in the first place!\" \"Enough! You have said enough! Be prepared to meet your own equal because I will not give up. I will show you that you are still in love with me and most importantly, that a life with me is actually highly possible! Just wait for it!\" He stormed out of the room and closed the door very loudly behind him. I didn't know what to feel or what to think so I just decided to lay down on the bed and the most funny of all is that I feel asleep immediately.[Chapter 20] Chapter 20 It was dark when I woke up and I was totally and utterly awake. I felt like running a marathon right now. The truth came back in a flash. Javier came unexpectedly and we made love. Daniel came in and interrupted and I become nervous and I asked him to leave. He got angry and we had a fight, until he got enough and left. Yep, this is a good summary of yesterday's evening. Everything was so perfect until Daniel came and ruined everything. He needed to be told about it. I left my room and tiptoed quietly to Daniel's room. I tried to open it and voila, the door opened. Daniel had made a big mistake by not locking the door. The thought flashed in my head that this was completely ridiculous and I was probably crazy but it was too late. I was already in the room and the point of waking him up. But he, somehow, heard me and I could notice a black figure moving in the dark calling: \"who's there?\" but also another voice, a dark and exotic one, mumbling: what's the matter?\" I was really shocked. Who was the other voice? What did it do in Daniel's bed? \"Daniel, said I, who is there?\" \"Katey?\" At that moment, I ran out of the room and quickly regained my own. I knew he was coming by the steps in the corridor, and chose not to close the door. I needed explanations and he would surely give me some. I was right, twenty seconds after he was at the door. He closed the door behind him and started to walk in the room, probably to sit down on the bed. I followed him with my eyes from the corner of the room where I stood. The tension was palpable and Daniel was breathing heavily, like he had just run the 100 m. \"I am sorry Katey, he said in a wretched tone. \"Sorry for what? I should not be the one you are apologizing too. Have you not a boyfriend at home? What would he say?\" \"He would be okay with it. We are sort of having an open relationship right now.\" \"Open relationship? She had never heard the term before nor was she sure to hear the definition. \"It is when both partners in a relationship agree to have sex with others. It is a way to expand our limits. We discussed over it when I was told to work here. Anyhow, it can be shocking for some people. Daniel's tone trough of all this had been casual, normal which was weird considering his heavy breathing. By the way, said he, what were you doing in my room?\" \"I wanted to see you to ask what you wanted. You interrupted me in something very important.\" He smiled. \"The sexy Cuban in your bed? Who is he? Is he not the guy from the reception?\" Katey crossed her arms over her chest. \"I think you are in a bad position since I understand you have your own little Cuban.\" He went back to his serious face. \"Oh yes Amador. It seems we have been doing the same thing, haven't we?\" He was smiling teasingly at her. \"How long have this been going on?\" \"Actually we met yesterday. I don't know. We sort of connected immediately. He works at the hotel and started talking to me in English and one thing led to another… and you?\" \"Well you remember the story about me and when I was in Havana ten years ago? Well that was Javier.\" \"Oh! Daniel laughed. So that's him! Well, honey, you have good taste. So, what happened?\" \"You came in and interrupted us. I do not really know what happened but I think I freaked out and we started fighting about us. He left after saying that he believed in a future with me. I don't know what to expect. But it is your fault! I was happy before you came in and…\" She stammered, unable to really explain what feelings had gone through her head when she was naked with Javier. She realized she was naked now, under the thin garment she had wrapped around herself. \"And what darling? Brought you back to reality? At least, you got some great sex, I presume from your red cheeks and dreamy eyes.\" \"And I guess you got some too?\" \"Katey, come and sit down with me. I don't have energy to quarrel with you now. Let's rest our heads and talk about this tomorrow. I can see that clearly, something is wrong. Come Katey, let's be friends.\" She resisted for a moment but agreed with a sigh that it was best to talk with a clear and rested mind. They slept next to each other, as reunited friends. How could they know that evil was coming to meet them on the morrow?[Chapter 21] Katey left her bed more tired than when she had entered it. At least, the most important matter was solved: she was friend with Daniel again. She could not forget Javier and she knew very well he would not let himself be forgotten but right now she needed breakfast. The rest didn't matter for now. She had forgot about her job, which was a disaster since she came for Cuba and now she could not even do her job, but had to sit in her room until she got green light from Andrés. It scared her how easy it was to forget her duty to her country and to human rights. But, then again, breakfast. A coffee would probably make everything clear. They sat down at a table and ordered their usual breakfast. Katey sighed of happiness when she took a sip of her coffee. \"Only Cubans can make good coffee.\" Katey \"Is that so? Daniel said in disbelief. I believe, added he, that our home country is the best at making coffee. I think this is quite mediocre.\" \"You fool! You don't know how real coffee taste like!\" \"Of course I do! I guess it is the water that makes it different. I wonder if they have better or worse water here.\" They were not left with much time to consider it before something happened in the reception which made everyone turn their heads. Five police officers, with strict black uniforms and heavy weapons under their vests, were walking toward the dining room and especially, toward Katey and Daniel. One of them seemed to be the chief police, mostly because of the slight difference in uniform and that he was wearing a strange hat. They stopped at Daniel and Katey's table and the officer in strange hat pointed his finger at them. He started to scream in Spanish, incomprehensible for the Americans but his manners led to believe that they certainly had done something very terrible. All the other guests starred at them with disgust and contempt and one guest even spitted on the ground while looking at them. When the officer was finished, he gestured to the other four, who took each American and put handcuffs on them. Daniel and Katey had starred at the officer with chocked and confused eyes. When they were handcuffed, they protested wildly which made the officer very angry and the Americans felt a gun pushed against their backs. They had no idea what was going on and why they were charged but they knew, that whenever they had done, would have terrible consequences for them both and everyone they knew here in Cuba. I know it is a short chapter but I think it is needed for the story. I love cliffhangers and the suspense it gives. I write when I have inspiration and it comes and goes. Besides, I am in a writing school where you don't have any occasion to write anything else. I learn so much about writing! By the way, I am so proud of how this story develops, even I don't know how this is going to end. Exciting![Chapter 22] After travelling in an uncomfortable car for what seemed like an eternity, we arrived at a grey and cold building where the word cárcel was set in big, black letters. It looked like a prison. The fear gripped us both. The door opened on Daniel's side and they dragged him out of the car. When I tried to come out, they pushed me back and closed the door. I shouted after Daniel but he could not hear me of course. I watched hopelessly Daniel walk into the prison-like building as the car drove away. No need to say that I was really scared at this point. Where were they taking me? What have I done? Except trying to get information about the condition in…that's it! Someone must have betrayed us? Who could have done such a thing? The only people outside Daniel and me who knew about it were Andrés and Javier. I became ill by the thought. Who else could it be? To betray us would be a big risk for Andrés because it would mean that he had cooperated with the enemy and he would be thrown in prison as well. It could only be Javier. No, he could not be him. Or? Maybe I had been wrong all this time. Maybe he became friends with me so he could easier tell the secret police about my filthy affairs later on. Sleeping with me was just something extra he had wanted to allow himself. They car stopped in front of a building not unlike the one Daniel had been taken too. It was grey and boring and would not have caught my eye if I had not been told to. They opened the car door and dragged me with force into the warm air. They hurt my arm and I whined over it quietly. The massive doors were open and we came into a room that looked a little bit like a hotel reception. A grey, metal table was placed on the side of the room while the other was occupied by vast bookcases filled with folders. It looked very old and very outdated. This was how the prisons were in the US forty years ago, even longer. Paper was how they documented everything. Behind the table there was a man, who looked very old but also very mean and irritated. I estimated he was about sixty and I must say, he looked very intimating to me with his big bushy eyebrows. I was brought to him and he starred (I swear) at my breasts! I guessed he was pretty glad to have this job if this turned out to be a women prison. The chief police made a military salute of some kind and lowered his head to whisper something in the eyebrows-man's (for lack of imagination) ear. He might have said it aloud, I would not have understood anyway. The eyebrow-man looked at me and when the chief police was done, gave me a smile that made me very uneasy. It was like he was picturing me naked. He made a gesture to two guys behind him and my arms were passed from one pair of strong hands to another. I would surely have big bruises tomorrow. They were holding so tight that I feared for my bones. I was led to a corridor that stank of something I could not put my finger on. I expected to see many women here; after all, I had seen some prisons and women prisons could not be so much different? Finally, they opened a massive door probably made of hard steel and pushed me inside it. They closed the door and locked it. It was completely dark and my tears came as soon as the empty silent filled my veins.[Chapter 23] This is not a chapter and I am sorry to destroy your expectations. This story, I feel, I have not given it much thought and it troubles me, because I think I can do better than what it is. So I am going to leave it as it is, but I am going to adjust the story during these weeks to come and make it better and found out also what I want with it. I am sort of going through a crisis in my life in relation to my writing and frankly, I am lost. So bear me with me, you will have an end to this story, I promise but it may take a while. Don't stand there and wait, but go on with your lives and one day, come back to it and maybe it will have changed. I can take a few weeks, it can take two months I don't know when. But when I know what I want to do with my life, I will tell you and you will have your story. Thank you and sorry again if you thought that this was a chapter. It was unintentional. ","Summary":" T[Chapter 2] \"You really are a lucky girl, you know.\" My best friend, Elinor, was sitting on my s"}]